We went to my cousinas wedding. It was a lovely wedding very unlike any wedding Iave yet been to, but a lot like the weddings in the movies (you know, like The Wedding Crashersa| never understood why someone would *want* to go to a wedding they werenat invited to).  The ceremony was short and simple, though there were a lot of attendants, complete with flower girl and ring-bearer.  The bride had both her father and step-father give her away, one on each arm.  The Lutheran minister was kind of a jolly middle-aged woman.  The gentlemen were almost all in army dress uniforms.  From my cousinas face, you could not tell he was hit by a roadside bomb in Afghanistan just a few months ago.  Heas still not walking correctly and never may, but the damage seems to mainly be concentrated in one leg.

The wedding was in a part of the country where folks are not as stiff as Midwesterners or as unstructured as Northern Californians.  Iave been to Midwestern wedding receptions that tried to be like this reception, but the soul wasnat there so they always ended up being kind of lame with folks congregated in the parking lot to talk away from the DJ.  People at this wedding line-danced (and not just to country music) and they enjoyed it.  My usually introverted uncle is apparently a dancing fiend and led the bride in some traditional dances.  The food was great and full of local specialties (including something we heard about on the Splendid table from their road trip foodies).  And, important in my book for any wedding, they served appetizers between the wedding and reception.

You may recall that the groomas parents had said they refused to attend because he was not getting married by a priest.  Not only did they not show up, despite his being hit by a roadside bomb in service to our country, they did not allow any siblings to come.  The daughter whose college my parents and aunts are paying was threatened with being disowned when her mother found out she was planning to attend.  So she didnt go.  Guests kept asking if I was a sister.  No, not a sister.

But all of my aunts and uncles went, and I have a lot of aunts and uncles. It was funny to see all my uncles and my cousin and the characteristic ears of that side of the family.  The family resemblance is especially strong with military haircuts.  All my uncles are ex-military and they bonded with my cousinas army buddies.  Not much has changed in the army in the past 30-40 years.  SNAFUs still abound.  My aunts talked about how the world has changed and wondered if the homophobic father of the groom realized his favorite aunt (after whom one of his daughters is named) was a lesbian.  How nice it would have been if shead been around today and been able to share her relationship with her acompaniona out in the open.

They openly wondered what had happened to my unclea head always been rigid and never had a sense of humor, but wasnat such a hater until he married his wife.  Perhaps he could have been rigid and humorless for the powers of good if head married someone else.  Ironically, the woman he married and is refusing to countenance this wedding is a divorced mother of three| but the difference is that she got the Pope to annul that marriage, so somehow that made it ok.  There was some speculation that perhaps the bride is better off with her mother-in-law not talking to her.

My childless aunt and uncle took over duties of parents of the groom. The groom gave an especially moving speech about how grateful he was for his family to come and show the support they were showing.  The bride sent a lovely thank-you note with the same sentiments.  As the wedding party was breaking up for the folks having to catch planes, the bride and groom made plans to visit all of my aunts and uncles who live in interesting and accessible places.  My family does take care of its own, even when some members refuse to.

My cousin and his new wife are very nice people.  I know they will have a lifetime of happiness together.  And if their children and step-children are close with their great-aunts and uncles rather than their grandparents on my side of the family, well, that's not such a bad thing.
In his book, The Untethered Soul, Michael Singer argues that your energy should come from withinaaafrom your whyaaanot from external stimulants. The scientific backing is substantial and unsurprising: intrinsic motivation destroys extrinsic motivation every day of the week.
Motivation asideaaahealthy eating, sleeping, and intensive exercise produce higher quantities and quality of energy than caffeine ever could. A holistic approach to life is essential. Garbage in, garbage out.
Give up the caffeine and see what happens. To avoid withdrawal headachesaaawhich are mostly placeboaaareplace your caffeine with something else (another placebo). After a few days without caffeine, you'll develop confidence in your ability to function without it.
ANTON CHEKHOV'S "MY LIFE"
I am a good reader and i always used to read books from different genre. Two months ago my sister gifted my the book "My Life". But could read it only after one month, Till I read this book, I feel such a insane i am, unguided and discipline less life i living. But i can't hold a little bit of traditional things. my family and friends never agree with me and getting' insulted sometimes. The book, I see, someone can live like me and think like me, I feel it was my own life. It's not only about happiness but satisfaction to my mind. I read it several times. 
Last month, my mom and I were flying to an event where I was speaking. As I told her about some exciting things happening with Mo-mastery, Together Rising, and my book. she seemed quieter than usual. I asked her what was wrong and her eyes got watery. She said, Oh, itas nothing, honey. Itas silly. What? I said. Her voice quivered as she said, Oh, itas just that you and your sister are doing such world-changing, important work. Iam so proud of you. After I feel so happy.
I was really happy when my son started giggling over a book that we were reading. It was a book about tickling, and he actually grabbed my hand to make me tickle him, while saying "tickle tickle tickle."
A month ago, my sister and I were traveling to an occasion event where I was talking. As I educated her concerning some energizing things occurring with Mo-dominance, Together Rising, and my book she appeared to be calmer than normal. I asked her what wasn't right and her eyes got watery. She stated, Oh, it's nothing, nectar. It's senseless. What? I said. Her voice shuddered as she stated, Oh, it's quite recently that you and your brother are doing such world-changing, critical work. I'm so glad for you. After I feel so upbeat.
In summers of 2017, we planned a short trip to Manali and Rohtang Pass. It was a 5 member family trip on Ford Figo to the great Parvati Valley and surrounding areas like  Manali, Manikaran, Rohtang Pass.
The plan was to drive at night and reach Manali in the Morning. Since I was coming directly from my office, I would not drive in the night but I completely know the Manali route turn by turn as I went to Kasol many times.
I was late from the office and thus we could start at around 8 in the night. As to my relief I was not the only driver and thus with two people, who could drive, we took less stoppages. First stop we took at a Dhaba before Chandigarh. I forgot the name but it was completely shadowed by Gurdaas Mann's pictures, quotes etc etc on every thing in the Hotel. It was a great spot to stop by for a dinner and place was wonderful. Few pics from that Dhaba
We started and went inside Chandigarh City and got passed it, wont share much about the route to Manali as I have written about it in my many other blogs. Just keep in mind about those bad patches on the road.

At around 10 in the morning, we reached Bhuntar. Now we decided that one day we would come and spend at Manikaran Sahib Gurudwara but I suggested that we should cover Manikaran Gurudwara that day itself because its a different way from Bhuntar and just 40 kms from Bhuntar and if we come from Manali we would need to come double the way. So we decided to head fro Manikaran Gurudwara and got passed my second home Kasol and reached Manikaran Sahib. Few pics from the Gurudwara and the temple just adjacent to it.
Around 2 pm, we left Manikaran Sahib and headed straight for Manali and by evening we reached there. We already had a booking through Stayzilla and we went to our Hotel. Got freshened up and went to Manali Mall Road. I am not a big fan of Manali Mall Road and when I compare it to Mall road at Shimla, Manali's Mall road is not even a comparison. It was too crowded. 
We inquired about Rohtang Pass and got to know that there is a restriction of taking diesel Vehicles to Rohtang Pass and one needs to get hold of a Permit to take a Vehicle till Rohtang Pass, but since we had a Petrol Car, it was not a problem for us, as Petrol Car's number was lesser. But another issue happens with the family is over concern for everything and finally it was decided that we would not drive on those Narrow Roads but there is a Himachal Roadways Bus that leaves for Rohtang Pass at 6 in the morning. We would board that HRTC bus. We brought a ticket of the bus, Ticket Price was Rs 500 per person and they informed us the Bus Number. Next day Six in the morning it was raining and we got dropped at the bus stand by Hotel Staff and boarded the Bus and a long tiring Journey started.

In between one also need to rent a suit, a snow suit, I call it a space suit. We rented it for Rs 800 a suit. Again a tiring journey started till Rohtang Pass but the view was awesome. We encountered major traffic jams on the way twice and finally we reached the place. Bus dropped us a km before the main stop and conductor informed all, that Bus would leave back at sharp 1 pm.
I found and ordered a book online that I will like a lot.
My cat sat on my lap and purred while I read a book. 
I found an interesting book at the library, a book I didn't know existed.
I completed a book that I was reading and really enjoyed it.
I got a book in the mail I've been expecting, and am excited to read.
I got to read a book all alone yesterday in a quiet house without interruptions. 
I found the book that I've been wanting to read online for free.
My friend sent me a book because he thought I would like it.
When I published my fourth novel, because I've always wanted to be an author but never thought I could actually write a book.
My granddaughter called me to thank me for the books I sent her. 
I read a wonderful book called Clothes, Clothes, Clothes...I love the book and I admire the woman who wrote it. I was happy to read the book and learn about this extraordinary musician.
When I finished reading my book for the week.
I was happy when I finished a book last month.
I finished a book and enjoyed a nice, warm day in the sun.
It was nice weather a couple weekends ago, so I was able to sit outside, relax, and read a book uninterrupted.
The last thing is I felt so happy this when i found a book at the library that I have been wanting for a long time.
I had walked from school to home with my kid and got a book for her from the library. She was happy to have a new book to read.
I finished the book I was reading about the Eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt, I felt happy because; although it was a fascinating book; it took me a long time to finish and I was eager to start to read something else.
After our kids went to bed, my wife went out shopping and I was able to sit down and read a book for a long time.
I read a book by candlelight while it rained.
I reached an important milestone in a book that I'm writing.
I finished reading a book that i had been struggling with 
I read a book called "Highly Illogical Behavior" that I really enjoyed.
I enjoyed a quiet moment tonight with my kids, snuggling and reading stories.  I came up with an idea for a book tribute that I could write and give to them when they were older.  The moment warmed my heart.  
My kid 12 years old telling stories to her friends by describing same manner as it is in the book and her friends also listening and telling that her story telling is very good and they all understand it very well. I feel very happy at that moment, because by telling story she has the power to make other to listen to her.
We had a really interesting discussion in the book club I organized and people liked the book I chose.
I started reading a book titled "Instant Handwriting Analysis" and by the help of this book I came to know some of my positive traits by going through my own previously handwritten notes and it made me very happy.
My husband reading a book to my son made me happy.
Going to a book signing
My son was even more excited about the book I ordered for him from Amazon when he saw it than I expected him to be.
I just finished a book that I have been reading for a while.  I am an avid reader that reads on average 100 - 140 books a year.  I can read as many as 9 at a time (currently 4).  It's a small thing, but this book, which was 514 pages of fairly small text is finally done.  It's a military history book and was very informative and interesting.  The joy of finishing it is not that I am glad to be finally done, but rather was the joy of learning more about the topic.  it's a small joy also that I can mark that book read and go onto the next one.  Did I mention that by avid reader I'm also a tad obsessive? :)
I was happy that I completed my book.
I read my book before bed.
After dinner I got same alone time with the house to myself so I nestled into a book for a while followed by some tv watching. 
I finished reading my book that I had been working on for months.
Last night, I uncovered a book I thought I had lost, which made me quite happy.
I was happy when I my book came in the mail that I ordered. 
I was able to buy a book on my wish list for a low price.
I spent some time reading a book that I am really enjoying.
What made me happy is teaching my nephew how to read a book . 
I read a book at morning which was inspiring it boost my self confidence and happiness...I made me happy.
I was able to finish reading a book that I have been reading for the past month.
I found a little time to read a book I've been wanting to read.
The weather was really nice for the first time in a few months and I was able to go outside and sit in the sun and read a book for a few hours. I was really relaxing and made me happy. 
Went to library and they had the book I wanted to read.
I had time to read about 20 pages of a book on corporate finance I am really interested in.
Someone gave me a book I've wanted for years but had never requested.
I helped a seller get his book purchased.
My three year old daughter made several drawings, something she is just starting to learn to do, and asked me to make them into a book. I stapled them together and she has asked me a few times to read her book to her.
Finished a book that has been on my backlog.
I purchased a book for my son that I felt would help him with anxiety.
I finished my book and I can now go on and begin the next book in the series, and I'm excited to start the next one because of the ending of the first book.
I finally found the time to relax and finish the book I'd been reading for a week.
What made me happy was able to finish a book i was reading for a week.
I read a book it is very comedy one.
I bought the second volume of Gwenpool at the bookstore.
I receive a phone call from the girl i like,about a book we talk yesterday,she want to borrow it and that gives me positive vibes that she might like me.
I realized there was a book sale going on in my apartment complex.
Reading 30 minutes on my Kindle paperwhite book reader is always an enjoyment where most of the stuff that I read is non fiction. I feel that I learn so much from tidbits of information that is held within these books that I have made this a daily habit of mine.
I carved some time out yesterday to read part of a book in quiet. 
I read the bible starting from the book of job and finished the entire book yesterday last night.
Rereading a book I had enjoyed in the past made me a bit happy for a few minutes.
Had some free time yesterday so I finished a book that I started a while ago.
I finished a book I really liked.
I am very happy about the book I am reading.
I ran in to a friend that I used to work with at the book store today and we got coffee so we could sit down and catch up.
I was able to enjoy the spring weather by sitting by my apartment complex's pool while I read a book. 
I sat down and finally got time to read some of the book I'm reading. It was relaxing and I had the cats and dogs on the couch cuddling with me. 
I finished reading the novel 'Papertowns' and I'm planning to buy another book of John Green.
I read a book and a particular chapter made me feel warm inside and mildly happy. 
I played soccer with my daughter before getting her into bed in our livingroom. I also read her a book.
Last night I was able to sit and enjoy a cup of tea and a snack while curled up with a book without any interruptions.
My daughter showed me her book that she created, that has many of her Bible verses in it.
I went to the library with my baby, and I picked up a book I had on hold.
My daughter is learning to read.  At the library she picked out a book all by herself and read it from cover to finish without any help.  She was very proud of herself as was I.
On a holiday, I was sitting in my room after finishing my home work. As my friends were away to hill stations, I was feeling very lonely. I watched the cars and other vehicles passing by and wished that like my friends, I would also have been travelling or passing my time.

While my mind was occupied with thoughts of holidays and having fun with my friends, the door bell rang. I ran to answer it and found the postman with a parcel and a letter for me.

I signed the paper and took the parcel. My hands were itching to open the packet as my curiosity knew no bounds. I ripped the parcel open and found a beautiful tape recorder in it. The parcel had been sent from the United States and the letter along with it was from my uncle who had sent me that wonderful gift.

However, even more joy than receiving the tape recorder was the letter which my uncle had written. The letter was an invitation to go to the United States for my holidays. My uncle had arranged everything for me-the tickets and the visa, and I already had a passport.

My heart skipped several beats as I ran to give this great news to my mother. She was taken aback initially and her first reaction was not so positive.

However, she thought about it, consulted my father who was at his office and they both agreed to allow me to go to the United States to spend the rest of my holidays with my uncle.

I jumped from room to room and started packing my clothes, my toys, my books and other articles that I would need on the flight and in America. My mind was filled with various ideas about how I would spend my time with my cousins. I started dreaming about Disney world, Universal studios, the Statue of Liberty, the Grand Canyon and all the other tourist attractions that I had read about in magazines.

My father took me shopping the same day because he felt that I would need some more things to take with me. We bought gifts for my cousins and my uncle and aunt and when I came back home my cupboard was full of new clothes, shoes, gifts, etc.

Since I had not expected any such thing to happen to me, and I had been feeling sorry for myself, this offer came as a great surprise. This was indeed the happiest day of my life and I don't think I shall ever forget it as long as I live.
I finished a book I had been working on for awhile.
Hearing my 6 year old daughter read a book without having any issues sounding out the words.
An event that made me happy in the past day was that I edited 2 chapters of my book instead of one. It made me happy to feel so productive. 
I got to read another chapter in a book that I really like. 
Last night I was able to sit in bed and read a book for about an hour, since my baby had gone to bed early for the first time in weeks.
I came up with a good new idea for my book.
My grandson asked me to read him a book.
I was sitting outside in the garden and reading a book.
Sold a book on Amazon that I had listed a month ago for $60 dollars.
I finally received a book off of my wish list, the sixth book of the Outlander series!
I was happy to finish the book I was reading.  It was called "A Woman in Berlin."
I read a book to my daughter.
I read a book chapter that reminded me why I do what I do.
Reading a book made me happy. 
I found time to read a couple minutes of my book.
I finished my book on CD and got the happy ending I'd been expecting all along.
Finding a book on Amazon that I loved as a child and have been searching for for 15 years. 
Finding a book I really want to read.
Knowing that my girlfriend will be here  for two months writing her book and relaxing.
I was able to finish a book I had been reading. 
My son spent some of his own allowance to buy a book, which is not usual for him!!
I finished reading a book that had me extremely curious to figure out the mystery of the plot.
I read a book about Kyoto.
Relaxed at the park alone to read a book 
I read a few hours of a book.
I finished a book I was reading.
I was able to sit down and read my book for about an hour, uninterrupted as well as drink a cup of tea out of one of my grandma's tea cups.    That quiet time made me happy and really recharged me.
I enjoyed a very rare opportunity to read some of my book and take a nap yesterday afternoon after leaving work early.
I watched my daughter dress up as her favorite character from a book for an event at school today. 
I finished the layout for my book.
Yesterday i while i was shopping the booking clerk gave me ten rupees extra and i gave him back the extra amount he gave and i was happy because i was honest.
I listened as my 5-year-old read a book to me.
I finished a book that I have been reading and it was excellent. 
I read a book to my daughter in the morning, and that made me happy. 
My daughter won a prize at school for her reading, and she was so excited about her book gifts.
Reaching a reading goal of mine in a book I'm currently reading.
I finally finished the book I was reading,
I was able to relax and read my book quietly
Yesterday i attended the book launch program and i was very happy to see a writer of this book and finally i bought this book.
I had a great idea for increasing my book sales in other countries.
I lay in the sun on the university lawn and read a book.
I read a book in the morning instead of playing games.
My group of friends and I bought some flight tickets to visit China. One of them was not sure if he could get a holiday in that period so he tried to buy the tickets the second day, after he got more information from his boss. Unfortunately the prices had risen by 50% and that made him really sad. In the evening I tried another booking website and I found the same flight at the same cost as before. It made him very happy and I had a great day as well.
I watched the finale of Big Little Lies and I really enjoyed the show.  I read the book, so the show was entertaining and made me happy.
I read a book which is more entertaining one. 
I started to read a book on cognition.
I landed a book editing job for an annual project that I love.
I read a book to my two children last night before bed, and they always enjoy that so much.
I completed the outline of a book that I plan to self publish which took me some time to complete but is the catalyst for my getting the content done quicker than if I opted out of the outline process.
I was able to find a book I was really wanting to read at the library. 
I was able to work through editing several chapters in my book for publication and was happy with how they turned out.
My daughter asked me to read a book to her before bed tonight like we used to when she was younger. I enjoyed doing that very much.
My sister went to the bookstore with us and we had a great time looking around.
I took the time to finish a book that I have been reading.
I finished reading a book that had a happy ending.
I won a small prize at a bookseller stall at a conference in a game of chance.
I found a book for free at the local book drop that I can trade in for $50.
I finished the book I was reading. Reading is one of my favorite hobbies, and it makes me feel very proud to finish up another book.
I had some free time in the afternoon and got to read a book. 
A quote from a book.
Took my daughter to Tai and read a book along the side.  Nice time out.
I went to a book club meeting with friends.
I was gifted a free copy of a book I had read last year and really liked.
Completing a book after months of reading it. Now I can finally move onto my new books!
I read Harry Potter to my girls and we love the book.
I've been hating the book I'm reading lately but it just started to get good so I'm hoping that means I'll be able to get through it more quickly.
I finished a book in bed this morning. 
I had time to sit down and read the book I have been wanting to for a while.
I went to a local bookstore and bought a book called the Art of Peace.
I saw my daughter reading a book to my mother and seeing them both bond was very heartwarming and made me happy.
Preparing for an exam. Completed one of the books.
A plot twist I predicted would happen happened in a work of fiction.
I finally finished my book this morning, and I can't stop thinking about the ending.
I sold 3 of my books yesterday at a booksigning.
I finished reading a book that I've spent a long time trying to finish; I found some spare time every other night for the last month and finished it tonight
I finished a book that I really enjoyed.
My professor was pleased with my book selections
I managed to make time to read a book from my 'to read' list and it was interesting and fun. A nice way to unwind and relax.
I watched an enjoyable episode of the science fiction series "Doctor Who."
I figured out a method of going through my books that I need to clean out.
I get to buy diary of wimpy kid and in that book I find a similar incident from my childhood and that was so awesome and it made me happy 
There was a book fair on monday in my son's school. All books were sold for 90% discount.
When my sister bought me one of the books I have always wanted to read. She gave it to me as a surprise. 
Getting a book I'd had my eye on. I'd wanted it for ages. I'm a big fan of the Hannibal tv show, and I was finally able to purchase a book detailing how the show is made.
My mother booked me and her a trip to the beach.
I found out about this book called Cripple Wolf, a gore trash book about a werewolf in a wheelchair, bought it and got it in the mail finally and can't wait to read it.
I watched a movie that was based on biography of a sportsman and watching that movie i got inspired and was very happy. it made me happy.
In his book, The Untethered Soul, Michael Singer argues that your energy should come from within -- from your why -- not from external stimulants. The scientific backing is substantial and unsurprising: intrinsic motivation destroys extrinsic motivation every day of the week.
Motivation aside -- healthy eating, sleeping, and intensive exercise produce higher quantities and quality of energy than caffeine ever could. A holistic approach to life is essential. Garbage in, garbage out.
Give up the caffeine and see what happens. To avoid withdrawal headaches -- which are mostly placebo -- replace your caffeine with something else (another placebo). After a few days without caffeine, you'll develop confidence in your ability to function without it.
When I was able to spend an entire day just reading a book and watching a few of my favorite shows, it made me very happy because I rarely get to do that.
Iave certainly found this to be true in my own life. Often, I donat even realize that an important event in my life has even happened, until some time has passed. For instance, I remember the minute I first laid eyes on my now-husband, but I didnt make a note of it. Or the moments when Iave had the ideas for all my books. Such moments strike me hard, hard enough that I can remember them, but somehow it never occur to me to record them.
It snowed so much that I had to stay home and read a book all day long.
I found a book I was looking for.
Finishing a book that I had been working on for a while.
A family trip to Canada is being scheduled for the next week and the booking details are confirmed.
My 9 year old made 100 on her AR test after taking my advice of reading and rereading a book then allow me to ask her questions. She said my technique worked and she had more confidence in her reading ability and comprehension. She was so excited. She said Mama I need to listen more often to get good results in school and life. 
I joined a book club with some friends, and started a group chat for it.
Reading the book which describes the evolution of humans
When I was really young back in the 80as and 90as and you wanted to learn about something then you had to ask someone who may have had spotty knowledge. Or you had to visit the local library and maybe there was a book or magazine about it.
Things are so different now and even though it is just a part of everyday life it still amazing.
Iave certainly found this to be true in my own life. Often, I donat even realize that an important event in my life has even happened, until some time has passed. For instance, I remember the minute I first laid eyes on my now-husband, but I didnt make a note of it. Or the moments when Iave had the ideas for all my books. Such moments strike me hard, hard enough that I can remember them, but somehow it never occur to me to record them.
I recently joined a book club, which made me very happy because I have wanted to get involved in a book club for a long time.
The day I received a scholarship for next fall for school.  It is a small scholarship but it will help me with the purchase of my books.  I am paying for school without federal aid because I already have a degree.  I depend on scholarships and this was a wonderful thing to receive.
I got great feedback on the book I'm working on. It was very positive and the publisher is excited about my manuscript.
Yesterday, I purchased a book that I have wished for for more than a month.
I recently finished a rough draft of a book I want to publish.
I was studying a book that I have read many times, but came to a new understanding of what I was reading and I noticed a beauty in the words that I had not seen before. 
I signed a book contract.
I took time to sit on the couch and read a book. 
A new show based on a book that I read started last night and I enjoyed it.
I got to read a few chapters of a book. 
My girlfriend discovered a new genre of paintings that she really enjoys, and I bought her a book. 
This Saturday I found  a book I had wanted to read while looking through items for sale at a yard sale. 
An event that made me happy in the past three months was being able to make my 3 year old patient in the Intensive Care Unit smile.  She was going through a very rough time since she was in a motor vehicle accident.  I read some of a book to her and she smiled, for the first time in the whole week I was caring for her. 
It made me very happy to have paperback copies of my book of short stories published.
I got a book on eBay that I had been looking for quite some time.
My daughter read a book to me that was a much higher reading level than I realized she was capable of reading.
I had lunch with my book club and we discussed books to read over the summer.
My partner took me out on a nice dinner date after celebrating completing the semester. We went to a wine bar and had a wine flight and dinner. After dinner we went to a book reading.
Found, and purchased, a book I had been searching for for a long while
I got a limited edition copy of a book by Neil Gaiman on Bookstore Day.
Positive feed back on a book I'd written from a publisher.
One of the books in a book series I have been reading for a decade came out with a new book and that made me happy to see it. 
I gained an entry in the finals of the book club national awards.
last feb i met my old friend after a long gap of almost 5 years. Just a 1 hr. meeting in Mc Donalds and it was like all old days came back.
With days , i mean college days. Most of the people have their college life full of fun and that is the only reason they miss it. That was not the case here. I never had any fun or enjoyment in my college  life, But the only thing that i earned is a a degree and one friend who was more than this degree too.
How life has changed now, we do not even get time to spend with friends. Only 1 hour? Is this time we used to spend with friends during college life or even in school. These are the same friend with whom after spending 7-8 hrs ,still i used to send SMS, call them to talk. Life has just changed.
This is for all my friends, enjoy each n every moment, who knows when these moments will turn into memories.
Today is also a day added to my book of memories. d|
I started writing a book. it has always been a goal of mine and I really wanted to set my mind to it so I started. 
I got the paperback versions of my books sent to me.
An event that made me happy over the last three months was to able to find time to finish the books that i have been wanting to read for so long. i found time to enjoy my favorite hobby.
I was happy when I got to go to a book sale that I had been looking forward to for weeks. 
I walked into a book store and browsed the store for the first time since 2 years.
I heard a very encouraging sermon from the book of Acts by Pastor Jon Courson
I picked up a book from the library by a favorite author and I felt happy realizing I'd have hours of reading pleasure ahead.
Going to get a coffee at the bookstore and browsing.
I finished reading a book I ordered through ebay.
last April, I decided to go in a Book Fair, i like to read and this event caught my attention because they gathered some of the book stores i know and have a book sales. It's a big event and a lot of people come to bought books, although it's quite tiring I enjoyed it because I found and bought some amazing books.
I received the books that I've ordered online, which I was waiting for about a month.
Finishing a book when I haven't read a whole actual book in years.
Finally finishing the book I started reading last month.
I was happy when I discovered Stephen King's "The Dark Tower Series" and started making my way through the books. 
I completed a book project ahead of schedule.
I started reading a book last week, and it made me happy because I don't do that very often anymore. 
My husband and I put a bookshelf together over the course of a week, it felt amazing when we were finally done.
I hit another major milestone in the book that I am writing.
I started reading a book about poker. 
Today my son brought me one of his books and read for the first time a few of the words off the page.
Now after working on a book manuscript for the better part of a year it was a -bitter moment- when my publisher turned down the manuscript but then later in the evening before I turned in I checked my emails and I'd received one from somebody else as apparently some body in Sales asked me to forwards a copy to them as they were thinking to 'Overrule' my regular editor as they'd thought my new book had sales possibility.
OH that changed my day and also my mood considerably as at first I was seriously worried as it is HARD to sell anything now in this sorry economy but now to have a new prospect!,.
Oh that not just vindicated mt judgment but also made my day as now i was both Happy and Relieved!.
Yes it's hard sometimes to explain ones feelings but this was a critical moment and the sudden rush i'd felt was unspeakable for it truly was there!.....
I was outside yesterday re-seeding part of the lawn and my 13 year old daughter spent some time talking to me about a book she was reading.
A copy of a book I've been wanting to read finally came up for sale on Amazon, and I bought it for my Kindle reader.
When I was alone and free and I finally got to read the book in one go. I haven't got the time to do that for a long period
I finally purchased AJ Foyt's autobiography that he wrote in 1983 that I have wanted for some time as I grew up watching him race.
My wife and I watching the series finale of the long running series The Bates Motel which takes place in a fictional town located near where we live.
I was happy to spend the afternoon reading a book on my bed.
Buying a book I really wanted to get to learn further about pain science.
I got a book I was looking for on Amazon about a week ago.
I got a new idea for a book that I'm working on.
I received a book in the mail that I am waiting to read.
I remember putting in a lot of effort to write my ebook.  I had been wanting to write a book for years, but I kept rewriting my story because I was afraid of sending the book in to a publishing house to have the story rejected for random reasons.  Eventually, I discovered that I could write an ebook.  It took me 3 months to write and I finally uploaded the story to Amazon Kindle. 
Yesterday, I went to a bookstore in Hayward, WI and found some unique, black and white owl bookmarks.
Finished watching the television show "DC's Legends of Tomorrow: Season 2," a truly funny science-fiction show.
I finished a book and sent it off to the editor.
I finished a book that I've been reading for 2 months.  
I read a book outside on a beautiful day.
I finally finished reading the book that I had been wanting to read for years.
I was happy when my kid read a book to me a few nights ago.
Finding a book I was looking for in a store at a sale price, and getting it for less than expected.
In library, I got the book, which I was searching since one year. 
I sat outside and read a book.
I sold a book that I had been holding for a few months for a good price.
I completed this book for book club that I really wanted to read before our meeting
I was happy for my daughter when she took a great vote for her french, she worked so hard for it, and was closed in her room above her books for days.
There was a book sale at my library and I felt like a kid in a candy store with so many books around; it was pure fun!
I started to read a good book that had a great hook to it the book had a positive outlook that made me feel warm.
I was happy because I finally finished the book I had been reading for a long time
finding the book my wife made for me that she wrote down the reasons she loves me.
I cleaned a closet and a bookshelf and now it looks very pretty and it's easy to find what I need.
Happy I was able to buy scrapbook supplies to make my sister in law a book for her shower
I finished editing a book I'd been working on for the last month.
A few days ago, I found the perfect gift for mom for Mother's Day -- a complete biography and compendium of Claude Monet's paintings. She is a big fan of Impressionism.
my daughter has learned to read rather quickly and the other day she sat me down and read me a book.
Seeing a book cover reveal and prologue release for a book I'm anticipating. 
Started working on my book again.
I've certainly found this to be true in my own life. Often, I don't even realize that an important event in my life has even happened, until some time has passed. For instance, I remember the minute I first laid eyes on my now-husband, but I didn't make a note of it. Or the moments when I've had the ideas for all my books. Such moments strike me hard, hard enough that I can remember them, but somehow it never occur to me to record them.
I helped a child read a book.
reading the autobiography of the great sachin tendulkar who is my childhood. I was eagerly waiting to read the book which was release very long back but i couldn't do it because of many personal reasons. I have gone through the incidents his life and reading to that book i actually felt listening and brought back all my childhood memories. 
I got a brand new book for my novel writing to help me get the most out of my book. 
I was happy when I read a book. I usually read to my kids and hardly have the time to read for myself. I joined a book club, which forced me back into reading and I am very happy that I did. 
Going to a book fair.
Bought the materials needed to build my bookcases needed for my vast book collection. 
Last month was a fun family day at the Central Park Zoo in NY. It was the first time we were able to take our son who is 1 year old. He enjoyed it so much and loved seeing all the animals that he reads about in his books. It made me so happy to see the excitement in his eyes.
I recently had a cold but it gave me an excuse to snuggle in bed and work my way through my book pile.
I wrote another page of my book, which doesn't seem like much, but I am really lazy when it comes to writing. 
When I was really young back in the 80's and 90's and you wanted to learn about something then you had to ask someone who may have had spotty knowledge. Or you had to visit the local library and maybe there was a book or magazine about it.
Things are so different now and even though it is just a part of everyday life it still amazing.
I've certainly found this to be true in my own life. Often, I don't even realize that an important event in my life has even happened, until some time has passed. For instance, I remember the minute I first laid eyes on my now-husband, but I didn't make a note of it. Or the moments when I've had the ideas for all my books. Such moments strike me hard, hard enough that I can remember them, but somehow it never occur to me to record them.
Got a book in at the library I'd been waiting for.
Finished a book I enjoyed.
I found a book I really wanted for a good price!
I am currently reading a book about Joy and it is making me feel happy and peaceful.
I finished reading a book I've been working at for a long time. 
Visiting a local bookstore, exploring it, and buying a book that turned out very helpful and that book is called The Power of Now.
I read a book that spoke to me.
I got to sit outside in the sun and read a book.
I read a book I liked. 
Receiving a lovely review on a story I wrote for a fanfiction exchange.
I got some new ideas for the book that I'm writing.
I found a book I'd been trying to find for weeks.
Read a book
I was able to get off early at work to attend a book signing.
For the first time in a long time, I actually took a couple of hours doing nothing but reading a book. It was enjoyable and relaxing. 
I bought a new book. (I'm a bookworm)
I completed my book after 8 years of work and fulfilled my work obligations.
I was able to finish a book I have been reading last week.
I found a copy of a book that is out of print but is by one of my favorite authors, and it was autographed inside!
I was happy to receive a book for Mother's Day
Reading the autobiography of the great sachin tendulkar I was particular very happy and satisfied because i was very eager to complete the book which is pending for very long time.
I was reading a book yesterday, and I finally learned the meaning of a phrase that I have misunderstood my whole life.
Going to a book sale with a friend and getting a bag of books for $2!
A good friend gave me a book she thought I would enjoy, which made me happy to know she's thinking about me. 
Walking down a flight of stairs on my campus, I tripped and fell flat on my stomach, causing my books and paper to fly everywhere when a very pretty girl ran up and collected my papers before they blew away, turning my embarrassment into relief, since those papers were my much needed homework.
Reading that book has made me quite happy; it's very sweet and sentimental
Getting to know that one of the books my girlfriend co-authored in accepted by a publisher.
last feb i met my old friend after a long gap of almost 5 years. Just a 1 hr. meeting in Mc Donalds and it was like all old days came back.
With days , i mean college days. Most of the people have their college life full of fun and that is the only reason they miss it. That was not the case here. I never had any fun or enjoyment in my college  life, But the only thing that i earned is a a degree and one friend who was more than this degree too.
How life has changed now, we do not even get time to spend with friends. Only 1 hour? Is this time we used to spend with friends during college life or even in school. These are the same friend with whom after spending 7-8 hrs ,still i used to send SMS, call them to talk. Life has just changed.
This is for all my friends, enjoy each n every moment, who knows when these moments will turn into memories.
Today is also a day added to my book of memories. 
I read a book to my daughters that we all enjoyed.
I was learning more about Kuan Yin, by reading a book about her.
I have made plans to sell a book of my photographs.
I finished a book I had been reading for awhile.
I was able to finish a book I bought! 
I read a book I enjoyed very much, and that made me happy.
I was asked to write a book review for an academic journal and, when I learned that it was accepted, I felt a great deal of satisfaction.
I read the comic story and it is very interesting to read the book.
My favorite director contacted me about some memorabilia I own from one of his movies, and he also mentioned that he wants to read the book I'll be publishing once my agent gets it a contract.
I finished reading a book that I had postponed reading for months 
I read a book on my new Kindle.
I finished reading a book that I thought was pretty good. 
My friend brought a book with puzzles in it for me to do when I was in the hospital.
finishing a book it has taken me 9 months to read.
I got a gift of a book I've been looking forward to.
I completed a short fiction story I have been writing for the past few weeks.
I finished a book in a long series and it's so engrossing that I just want to read the next one.
I had a book signing Saturday for my new book!
I finished a book that I enjoyed.
I made significant progress in the book that I'm writing.
I was happy when my son finished reading a book with me.
I got the book gifted by a friend. As I was searching for that book in stores for a long time, I was really happy
I got to read a few chapters of my book on the porch this weekend
I got to sit on my couch and read fanfictions and relax for a change.
I got a nice royalty check from a book I wrote. I could use the extra money, so I was thrilled. It also made me happy because it means people are buying the book. 
I was immeasurably happy to learn that my daughter was graduating magna cum laude from her university.  All of the hard work and nights spend buried in a book paid off for her.  I was so proud.
An event that made me happy was having some alone time to relax and read my book.
my office friend name nike, he is good man, but, it's sleeping man. because once, time we are learn the book. he is very sleeping and down the water.
I got to sit and just drink a chai while reading a book. 
Less than two months ago I found a twenty dollar bill in a book that I had sitting on the shelf, the hysterical thing is that it was not the money that made me blissful it was the recollection that came to mind of when I placed the money in the book many years ago. I authentically did this intentionally wondering when I would find it again.
I finished a book I really liked.
Looking forward to a book release tonight and knowing I'll be comfy and reading very soon. 
I began reading a book that I purchased a few weeks ago and had been looking forward to reading.
I did another lesson from A Course in Miracles and finished reading another chapter of the book.
I read my son a book that he loves 3 times in a row, he really enjoyed it and screamed and laughed at his favorite parts
I sat on the porch and read a book, which made me happy because I don't get to do that a lot. 
Finishing reading a book that I have been reading for awhile now that I have been wanting to finish.  
My best friend texted me to tell me about a book he is reading.
Having time to read a book 
Last month, my mom and I were flying to an event where I was speaking. As I told her about some exciting things happening with Mo-mastery, Together Rising, and my book--she seemed quieter than usual. I asked her what was wrong and her eyes got watery. She said, Oh, it's nothing, honey. It's silly. What? I said. Her voice quivered as she said, Oh, it's just that you and your sister are doing such world-changing, important work. I'm so proud of you. After I feel so happy.
I finished a book  I had been reading for a few weeks and the ending was incredible.
There was a sale for digital copy of a book i wanted and I bought it for 70% off.
Today, me and my friend found a book for which we are searching for last 2-3 years. That book made me happy.
I read a book last night before bed, which I haven't done in a long time.
I  donated some children's books to a book drive.  The people who were collecting the books were grateful.  The books will find a new home.
i just finished a book this morning. It was really quite good. I'm trying to read 100 books this year, this was number 40. Finishing it made me feel good.
I listened to a podcast with an author of a book I read about North Korea.
I received an email from the library that all of the books I had just requested are ready to be picked up.
Reading a book I had been anticipating for while. I'll be looking forward to finishing it tonight.
Being able to relax for a while after work and evening chores by reading a book.
I picked my cover for the book and finished the design with title and author text
I got a positive review on an online fictional story that I write. 
Happy 24 hours on P interest, the world's catalog of ideas. ... If you aren't to accustomed to operating from a place of energetic attraction, ... specifically the law of attraction, and need some structure to make it happen, this .... a book that's so compelling I just can't put it down until I reach the last page. good my life in 
I read part of a book before going to sleep.
I really got into reading the book "The Passage" today while I was getting my tires changed.  It's really good and I have read a few hundred pages today.  It just flows really well.  
Having nothing else to do, I was finally able to catch u on a few of the books and light novels I'm currently reading.
I was able to try Steak n Shake for the first time and it actually tasted really good. It also only cost me $4 for the fries and burger I got which is a steal in my book.
I finished reading the book, A Man Called Ove, and loved every word of it.
I enjoyed some quiet time reading a book.
It makes me happy that today I went out today with my dog to a park where is lots of trees and grass and people playing with their dogs and kids. I bring with me a book, some food and toys for my dog. I played with her ball that makes a funny noise. I was so happy see her run and jump and interact with people and fellows dogs.
I watched a fictional movie about Jackie Kennedy. 
I just got to see an author of a book I really enjoyed at a book reading, and, unlike some authors I really enjoy, he was a fantastic and engaging speaker!
I read a book while I had my breakfast this morning, which made me happy.
I finished a book that I was trying to finish for weeks.
Finishing up a book I had been dying to read. I still have the last couple chapters left. But all day yesterday and today at lunch, I was devouring it. 
I tried baking a really complex cake from a book, and it came out perfectly. 
I was quite happy to learn that one of my sisters is taking a screenwriting class so that perhaps in the future her book might end up as a movie.
I went for a nice hike down by the river, and read a book by the river when I finished.
Listened to my book
Re-Reading my favourite book ever. My brother came and surprised me with the book, it's the second time I read it but I feel like I don't wanna end it ever. That book makes me feel so many emotions romantically and in a personal level. 
A friend surprised me by mailing me a book she had borrowed a while ago with a note saying thank you and how much she enjoyed reading it.
I was happy when the favors for my kids surprise birthday party came out exactly how I wanted them to. I am throwing them a book theme party and I searched Pinterest for many ideas. I was able to copy them and it came out exactly how I wanted. 
I was reading a book I really liked
I went to a bookstore for a specific book that I wanted and they actually had it in its stock.
I began re-reading the book "Antifragile" by Nassim Nicholas Taleb. After my first read, it became my favorite book.
It makes me happy when my daughter hands me a book and sits in my lap to read her a book before bedtime.
I finished reading a book that I enjoyed.
It was raining on the skylight of my house while I was reading a book. This was very relaxing.
Finishing my book.
I spent a quiet afternoon by myself cooking and reading a book.
I came up with a good idea for a book I'd like to write.
Yesterday night I was go to a book celebration occasion event. That was astonishing. There was part's of curators and book writer author in this occasion. I simply feel extremely happy in this occasion.
I was able to spend an hour this afternoon reading a book with my partner and relaxing. 
My older child read a book to my younger child before bed.
I read some of my book. 
We went for a book exhibition and I am glad that my son is talking about books in this small age.
I made progress on the book I am writing
I tuned in to listen to a sermon by Pastor Jon Courson on Hope FM. He was teaching from the book of Romans, it was a great teaching. 
Finally while at the mall, I also stopped into the bookstore and purchased 9 new books.
I found a book that I had boxed up a long time ago that I needed to return to my administration.
I went to bed early last night and read a book I really like for about an hour.  It was very relaxing and enjoyable.  I should do it more often. 
The sun was shining, so I sat outside and read my book.
Reading a book I recently checked out at the library.
I finished reading a book series that I really liked.
The song was used by ITV for their trailer advertising their coverage of the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
It was also used in a series of I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!.[2]
The song was used in the background of a scene in the British science fiction series Torchwood in episode three of series one Ghost Machine.
The song is also used on the American TV series One Tree Hill in 3x01, "Like You Like an Arsonist".[3]
The song was used in the "Belgian Montage" of the program Dom Joly Happy Hour.
I read about a thrilling event that occurred in a fictional book.
I took a long bath and read a book, which I never get to do. 
I made good progress in a book.
Lying down and reading a chapter in a book on relativity and quantum mechanics.
I finished a book I have been reading for a week or so and really enjoyed the conclusion.
Received a book in the mail that I had ordered.
I read a book that I enjoyed.
Today I did not go to my job. I feel good because I can spend time in my house that I require, for example reading a book. I do not mind to lose my salary in 1 day.
I found a $50 bill tucked into the book I bought for .89 at Goodwill! 
I got to stay home from baseball and read a book. 
The very first happy moment was when mail arrived shortly after waking up. After waiting a little over a week and nearly forgetting about it, a book I've been looking forward to for awhile now finally arrived. I was quite happy.
Yesterday my my four year old red a book for the first time on her own. 
the book club I am attending decided to use a short story I suggested for our reading material for the next meeting. 
I finished a book that had taken me several weeks to finish.
I finished a book called "The City of Mirrors".  It was about a vampire outbreak in the future.  It flowed really well and read very quickly.  
a book I wanted that was on a wait list came open and now I have it. I am looking forward to reading it. 
I got a book I ordered in the mail.
I finished reading a book that was necessary for my college studies.
I started reading the book for my next book club meeting.
I attended a division meeting that had lunch provided afterwards.  During the lunch portion, the senior VP of our division came and sat at my table.  We discussed a personality-type survey I took my team through and the results.  She was very interested and asked if she could borrow my book to learn about it and meet with me to learn more.
I didn't think I'd like the book my lover recommended me, but I'm actually starting to enjoy it.
I made some progress in the book I was reading.
I am kind of enjoying this book I'm reading for work.
I was happy when I got to sit on my porch and read a book for a few minutes.
I was able to relax and read a few chapters of a book that I have been reading the past couple of days.
I finished a book I've been reading and wanted to get through.
My colleague lent me a book which I was planning to borrow from the library thus saving me time.
I finished watching The Handmaid's Tale last night.  I read the book prior to watching the show and both were simply amazing in their own right.  I was amazed at the producers creativity and originality in the show.  I can't wait for season 2!
I finished writing one chapter of my book.
The song was used by ITV for their trailer advertising their coverage of the 2006 FIFA World Cup.
It was also used in a series of I'm a Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here!.[2]
The song was used in the background of a scene in the British science fiction series Torchwood in episode three of series one Ghost Machine.
My professor was super positive about one of my book chapter.
I went to a book club where the discussion was really good, not everyone agreed on everything but it was a great conversation.
A month ago, my sister and I were traveling to an occasion event where I was talking. As I educated her concerning some energizing things occurring with Mo-dominance, Together Rising, and my book--she appeared to be calmer than normal. I asked her what wasn't right and her eyes got watery. She stated, Oh, it's nothing, nectar. It's senseless. What? I said. Her voice shuddered as she stated, Oh, it's quite recently that you and your brother are doing such world-changing, critical work. I'm so glad for you. After I feel so upbeat.
We went to my cousin's wedding. It was a lovely wedding- very unlike any wedding I've yet been to, but a lot like the weddings in the movies (you know, like The Wedding Crashers... never understood why someone would *want* to go to a wedding they weren't invited to).  The ceremony was short and simple, though there were a lot of attendants, complete with flower girl and ring-bearer.  The bride had both her father and step-father give her away, one on each arm.  The Lutheran minister was kind of a jolly middle-aged woman.  The gentlemen were almost all in army dress uniforms.  From my cousin's face, you could not tell he was hit by a roadside bomb in Afghanistan just a few months ago.  He's still not walking correctly and never may, but the damage seems to mainly be concentrated in one leg.

The wedding was in a part of the country where folks are not as stiff as Midwesterners or as unstructured as Northern Californians.  I've been to Midwestern wedding receptions that tried to be like this reception, but the soul wasn't there so they always ended up being kind of lame with folks congregated in the parking lot to talk away from the DJ.  People at this wedding line-danced (and not just to country music) and they enjoyed it.  My usually introverted uncle is apparently a dancing fiend and led the bride in some traditional dances.  The food was great and full of local specialties (including something we heard about on the Splendid table from their road trip foodies).  And, important in my book for any wedding, they served appetizers between the wedding and reception.

You may recall that the groom's parents had said they refused to attend because he was not getting married by a priest.  Not only did they not show up, despite his being hit by a roadside bomb in service to our country, they did not allow any siblings to come.  The daughter whose college my parents and aunts are paying was threatened with being disowned when her mother found out she was planning to attend.  So she didn't go.  Guests kept asking if I was a sister.  No, not a sister.

But all of my aunts and uncles went, and I have a lot of aunts and uncles. It was funny to see all my uncles and my cousin and the characteristic ears of that side of the family.  The family resemblance is especially strong with military haircuts.  All my uncles are ex-military and they bonded with my cousin's army buddies.  Not much has changed in the army in the past 30-40 years.  SNAFUs still abound.  My aunts talked about how the world has changed and wondered if the homophobic father of the groom realized his favorite aunt (after whom one of his daughters is named) was a lesbian.  How nice it would have been if she'd been around today and been able to share her relationship with her "companion" out in the open.

They openly wondered what had happened to my uncle- he'd always been rigid and never had a sense of humor, but wasn't such a hater until he married his wife.  Perhaps he could have been rigid and humorless for the powers of good if he'd married someone else.  Ironically, the woman he married and is refusing to countenance this wedding is a divorced mother of three... but the difference is that she got the Pope to annul that marriage, so somehow that made it ok.  There was some speculation that perhaps the bride is better off with her mother-in-law not talking to her.

My childless aunt and uncle took over duties of parents of the groom. The groom gave an especially moving speech about how grateful he was for his family to come and show the support they were showing.  The bride sent a lovely thank-you note with the same sentiments.  As the wedding party was breaking up for the folks having to catch planes, the bride and groom made plans to visit all of my aunts and uncles who live in interesting and accessible places.  My family does take care of its own, even when some members refuse to.

My cousin and his new wife are very nice people.  I know they will have a lifetime of happiness together.  And if their children and step-children are close with their great-aunts and uncles rather than their grandparents on my side of the family, well, that's not such a bad thing.
