I found a silver coin from 1852 buried in the sand of CapAo da Canoa beach, located in southern Brazil.
This one is pretty minuscule, we had to go to the laundromat today and obviously I had all three of my kids with me, my 5 year old, my 2 year old and my 5 month old. Last time we had to go they were all butts, my 5 month old wanted to scream the whole time and my two girls were all over the place. Today they were basically perfect, my 5 month old stayed content in his car seat with his toys and I tried to make it more fun for my girls so after getting the clothes in the dryer we went and got drinks and they just sat patiently waiting with minimal outbursts. It was nice to get laundry done in some peace and I really appreciated the fact that some part of them realized that this needed to get done. 
The word problem is never part of a happy personas vocabulary. A problem is viewed as a drawback, a struggle, or an unstable situation while a challenge is viewed as something positive like an opportunity, a task, or a dare. Whenever you face an obstacle, try looking at it as a challenge.
I started  studying  bagavthgeetha .
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
I ate an ice cream sandwich that cost like a dollar, and I was happy because it tasted so good and I was super hungry. 
Saturday is my maaraige and I was so exciting and all the things are ready early morning my marriage and I was so happy and my marriage was done I was feeling so new today
Everything else becoming more interesting when its exam time enjoying the moment. When haired the announcement of exam timetable, at the time i felt little tensed for preparation.But after completed all the exams really felt free with blissful.
We went to my cousinas wedding. It was a lovely wedding very unlike any wedding Iave yet been to, but a lot like the weddings in the movies (you know, like The Wedding Crashersa| never understood why someone would *want* to go to a wedding they werenat invited to).  The ceremony was short and simple, though there were a lot of attendants, complete with flower girl and ring-bearer.  The bride had both her father and step-father give her away, one on each arm.  The Lutheran minister was kind of a jolly middle-aged woman.  The gentlemen were almost all in army dress uniforms.  From my cousinas face, you could not tell he was hit by a roadside bomb in Afghanistan just a few months ago.  Heas still not walking correctly and never may, but the damage seems to mainly be concentrated in one leg.

The wedding was in a part of the country where folks are not as stiff as Midwesterners or as unstructured as Northern Californians.  Iave been to Midwestern wedding receptions that tried to be like this reception, but the soul wasnat there so they always ended up being kind of lame with folks congregated in the parking lot to talk away from the DJ.  People at this wedding line-danced (and not just to country music) and they enjoyed it.  My usually introverted uncle is apparently a dancing fiend and led the bride in some traditional dances.  The food was great and full of local specialties (including something we heard about on the Splendid table from their road trip foodies).  And, important in my book for any wedding, they served appetizers between the wedding and reception.

You may recall that the groomas parents had said they refused to attend because he was not getting married by a priest.  Not only did they not show up, despite his being hit by a roadside bomb in service to our country, they did not allow any siblings to come.  The daughter whose college my parents and aunts are paying was threatened with being disowned when her mother found out she was planning to attend.  So she didnt go.  Guests kept asking if I was a sister.  No, not a sister.

But all of my aunts and uncles went, and I have a lot of aunts and uncles. It was funny to see all my uncles and my cousin and the characteristic ears of that side of the family.  The family resemblance is especially strong with military haircuts.  All my uncles are ex-military and they bonded with my cousinas army buddies.  Not much has changed in the army in the past 30-40 years.  SNAFUs still abound.  My aunts talked about how the world has changed and wondered if the homophobic father of the groom realized his favorite aunt (after whom one of his daughters is named) was a lesbian.  How nice it would have been if shead been around today and been able to share her relationship with her acompaniona out in the open.

They openly wondered what had happened to my unclea head always been rigid and never had a sense of humor, but wasnat such a hater until he married his wife.  Perhaps he could have been rigid and humorless for the powers of good if head married someone else.  Ironically, the woman he married and is refusing to countenance this wedding is a divorced mother of three| but the difference is that she got the Pope to annul that marriage, so somehow that made it ok.  There was some speculation that perhaps the bride is better off with her mother-in-law not talking to her.

My childless aunt and uncle took over duties of parents of the groom. The groom gave an especially moving speech about how grateful he was for his family to come and show the support they were showing.  The bride sent a lovely thank-you note with the same sentiments.  As the wedding party was breaking up for the folks having to catch planes, the bride and groom made plans to visit all of my aunts and uncles who live in interesting and accessible places.  My family does take care of its own, even when some members refuse to.

My cousin and his new wife are very nice people.  I know they will have a lifetime of happiness together.  And if their children and step-children are close with their great-aunts and uncles rather than their grandparents on my side of the family, well, that's not such a bad thing.
The time i meet my friends outside in the evening walktime .I and my friends narrated the whole day enjoyable and sorrowfull moments of the day.After that share jokes and comments on the way.I am happy on the road side natural sceneries and the snacks of the roadside.
Hearing Songs It can be nearly impossible to go from angry to happy, so you're just looking for the thought that eases you out of your angry feeling and moves you in the direction of happiness. It may take a while, but as long as you're headed in a more positive direction youall be doing yourself a world of good.
My new BCAAs came in the mail. Yay! Strawberry Lemonade flavored aminos make my heart happy.
There are two types of people in the world: those who choose to be happy, and those who choose to be unhappy. Contrary to popular belief, happiness doesn't come from fame, fortune, other people, or material possessions
Everyone works at his own pace, so why compare yourself to others? If you think you're better than someone else, you gain an unhealthy sense of superiority. If you think someone else is better than you, you end up feeling bad about yourself. Youall be happier if you focus on your own progress and praise others on theirs.
I could do 108 suryanamaskars in 40 mins for which I would otherwise take 60 mins!!
I went to sports club and did running and exercise that's why I feel very fresh and happy.
i read a great book about motivation and attitude
This is the second essay in a two-part series about my journey to visit the Taj Mahal. Read the first part for the whole story.

A
GRA, Uttar Pradesh, India a As soon as my train to Agra leaves from Delhi, I find myself confused again. Iam lying on my reserved upper berth, though most of the train car beds arenat being used and almost all of the passengers are sitting on lower seats. I feel ridiculous, like Iam emperor of my train car, overseeing the rest of the passengers from above. Meanwhile, men pass by below me, offering a mysterious vegetarian curry out of industrial-sized buckets. I motion for one to serve me some on a paper plate, but when I try to pay for the food, he wonat accept any money. This is the first time Iave gotten anything for free in India. I conclude that the food is going to kill me.

While Iam eating, the train makes a stop and passengers disembark, but the conductor makes no announcements. I canat see through any of the trainas tiny lower windows from my upper bunk. I have no idea where I am.

aIs this Agra?a I ask a man sitting below me. I ask as nicely as possible, in an attempt to avoid appearing as a self-righteous train car emperor, shouting questions to my serfs. After all, I remember, Taj Mahal-builder and Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan was overthrown by his son soon after the Taj Mahalas completion. The man below shakes his head and, in Hindi, I think he tells me that we still have a long ride to Agra. Another man walks by selling non-vegetarian food in foil tins. The first shots of an intestinal war have already been fired as a result of my free bucket food, so I decline. As the train chugs toward Agra, stopping at stations along the way, I find myself continuously recruiting new serfs below me to keep track of where we are. By the time Iam halfway through the journey, I have an eighteen year old kid, two Indian soldiers, and a young woman a none of whom can speak English a trying to assist me. Itas easy to accidentally aggregate helpers on the train; mercifully, Indians tend to be especially protective of clueless Westerners trying to make sense of Indian public transportation. At one point, the two Indian soldiers demand that a teenager move his feet resting on my berth, and the young woman makes food recommendations as buckets whisk by. Theyare kind of like four Train-Fairy Godmothers. Soon, I fall asleep.

Suddenly, I awake to the sound of four Indians chanting aAgra! Agra!a in unison. I abruptly end my time as train car emperor, jump down from my bed, thank the four of them, and catch a taxi to my Agra guesthouse. Before he leaves, I arrange for my taxi driver to pick me up at 6 AM the next morning to take me to the Taj Mahal.

In the morning, I tell my driver to take me to the East Gate of the Taj Mahal. He promptly takes me to a roundabout near the West Gate instead a though his aEast Gate!a announcement upon our arrival is quite convincing. Indiaas perpetually dishonest taxi drivers always have ulterior (and sometimes mysterious) motives; in this case, he was trying to save gas by taking me to the Gate closer to my hotel and, according to Lonely Planet, possibly collect a kickback from camel and rickshaw drivers sitting near the West Gate waiting to take tourists to the Tajas ticket office. I donat bother to argue with him since thereas not much time until sunrise, and I walk quickly to the entrance. Standing in line with about twenty other mostly Indian tourists, Iam surprised to see a lack of Westerners a I imagined that every white person in India would be flocking to the Taj Mahal.

Finally, the doors open, and I catch my first glimpse of the building considered to be the most beautiful in the world, one whose creator boasted that it made athe sun and the moon shed tears from their eyes.a I see the famous white, marble dome peeking through the arch of the Great Gate as tourists hold cameras high above their heads to get their first snapshot. I walk deliberately toward and around the Taj, soaking in the dawn, slowly taking photos from every possible angle. A handful of photographers gather in front of the adjacent Taj Mahal mosque with me to capture the sun as it rises behind it. Everyone is reverent, taking care not to interfere with othersa photographs and offering to help take posed pictures. The moment is perfect for the photographer gaggle: mist blankets the Yamuna River behind the structure, and the building looks like it has risen spontaneously from a clouded heaven, a concrete manifestation of nirvana.

The simple presence of the Taj, built as a symbol of eternal love by Emperor Jahan in memory of his third wife who died during childbirth, seems to encourage even rabid photographers to cooperate with each other.

I spend almost two hours touring and photographing the Taj, walking around its walls, admiring the calligraphy on the entrance arch, gazing at the minarets, and touching the intricate lattice screens in the mausoleum interior. Iam just about finished, taking a few final classic Taj Mahal reflection pool photographs from outside, when a beautiful, young blond woman performing playful, provocative poses for her friends camera catches my eye. Soon, a string of Indian men, and some Indian families too, start interrupting to ask her to pose with them in souvenir photos.

aThe Indian tourists seem more interested in your white skin and blond hair than the white marble of the Taj Mahal,a I say to her. aIam pretty sure a lot of these Indian guys are leaving with more pictures of you than the Taj.a

She chuckles and introduces herself to me as Sophie, from France, and, quickly, weare trading funny stories of our travels through India. We like each other immediately. We find ourselves chatting in front of the Tajas reflection pool for about a half hour as Indian men gawk at us. But when Sophie and I realize that weare headed in opposite directions a she toward Amritsar in northern India and me toward Kerala in southern India a we share an awkward moment during which we realize that this is the one and only meeting of our entire lives.

well, it truly has been a pleasure, Hank,a she says. Her eyes hold on mine. For a long moment, she doesnat look away. I canat tell whether sheas staring at me or at the exquisite reflection of the Taj Mahal in the pool behind me.

She walks past me, in front of the rising sun. Then, she glances back at me one last time, smiles, and then shifts her gaze, once again, toward the world's most beautiful symbol of eternal love.
This is a great way to sum up the feeling of happiness, itas when everything feels like itas clicking, and itas all in sync. When any part of this equation breaks down, you start to lose the handle on your happy feelings. Thatas why itas important to always speak your true feelings, and act according to the way you're feeling inside. 
I have given a aadhar card update to a poor man with a minimum cost, the same moment he felt very happy.
 It may take a while, but as long as youare headed in a more positive direction you'll be doing yourself a world of good.

 Going against your internal system for guidance is a sure way to feel less than perfectly happy. Always strive for a lining up of these three aspects for a happy life.
I finished  up my  mturk work a  bit  early and since the  weather was  so nice I went out and  worked on a  pile of firewood in my yard.  Some of the smaller pieces  that are good for stacking i tossed in the grill and  it fired right up and I smoked some chicken. It turned out amazing
I felt really happy at work yesterday. It's a very relaxed worth place and at my lunch break i went outside and sat on the padio with a cold beer my vape pen and watched some youtube on my phone basking in the sun for about 15 minutes. It was great i felt rejuvenated and i was in a good mood from it i felt very happy.
I had Monday off from work as it was an in-service day.


I went outside to see if it was warm enough for a bike ride..  it was so i went for a three mile ride. never rode that far in one session and i was happy i did.  good excercise.
I ate chik-fil-a
Me and my spouse spent the entire day together, laying around and enjoying each others company. We are both pretty busy during the days, and it was very nice that we both had all day to each other. 
I finished my tax return so I don't need to worry about it for at least a year.
I finally started working out. I only managed to do a few pushups, but the initial start is what made me happy. 
I was happy when I saw a funny video on YouTube
I was struggling at college, having a hard time studying and trying to get higher grades. I had an exam recently. after it a friend told me aIam proud of you! your persistance despite everything you've been through is remarkable and I admire you for ita
We ate dinner as a family instead of everyone going different directions and eating separately or on the go.
Increasing the amount of time I ran on the treadmill
my younger sister marriage all family members will meet very enjoyful
I found out That I passed my procert evaluation.
I was told this fact by the Sisters of Saint Joseph while I was growing up in Catholic School. As were many other kids. Itas meant as a testament to God above science. As the story goes, scientists and aerodynamic experts got together and did the math and realized that with its mass and wingspan a bumblebee isn't capable of generating the lift needed to get airborne. Put more simply: a bumblebee cannot fly. Itas too fat and its wings are too short.
They feel validated by stories in which a human believed a computer was wrong, ignored the computer's advice, turned out to be right, and got a happy ending instead of the ominous "what if ..." of heeding the computer.
Skateboarding alters your perceptions of urban space forever. Bland 1960s architectural eyesores become a creative challenge awaiting skate exploration. With the streets as your playground, loyal friendships are formed a a wolf pack of sorts a with whom you roam, hunting out new challenges and opportunities and Relationships with fellow skateboarders traverse international borders because the sport brings with it a global bond of sincerity. You know endless good times await a you're a global conquistador aboard four wheels and seven layers of Canadian plywood.. and when i fall my friends cheer me up. when i land a trick that the most never ending happiness.
I waited patiantly for my income tax return and finally received it. And no i haven't went rogue with impulse purchases. I just did  the noble thing to do and take care of home, made a couple of investments and put the rest in my bank account.
Nostalgia has me by the throat today. Iam not sure why. In an effort to assuage it, I am sifting through old photos and there are some great ones from a holiday a few years ago. I had gone on a family holiday with my parents and two siblings to Munnar in the tea country of Kerala. We drove from Kottayam to Munnar and stayed for a weekend. That trip too was steeped in nostalgia as my father had grown up there.

When the three of us were little kids, our favorite bedtime stories were the 'Munar Talesa narrated with infectious enthusiasm by my father. We were never satisfied with one and would try to wheedle more by pleading hard. His yarns portrayed what seemed to be an idyllic country life to the three of us who lived in a flat in Bombay in those days. There were tales of runaway cows, gardening attempts, going to school in the cold winter and throwing up on long bus journeys down from the hills. Munnar always seemed like a little piece of heaven to me. Around the time my father went away to college, my grandfather relocated to our hometown of Kottayam following his retirement. My father didnt return for more than thirty years in fear of tainting his cherished memories. He finally gave in when the rest of his siblings planned a trip to see if their old house, school and other favorite places were still there.
Munnar still seems a lovely town to me if you stay away from the crowded and badly constructed main areas. But my father insists that it was much better sixty years ago when the British company Messrs Finlay Muir & Co ran the town. The town had grown due to the tea estates owned by Finlay Muir in the name of Kanan Devan Hills Produce Company. From electricity generation to hospitals, everything was set up and managed by the company but he remembers it to be an extremely well-run town. Even the roads were washed down everyday, he says. The company also ran the school where my granddad was the Headmaster and that my father attended. He recalls the Munnar Supply Association (MSA) being a shop for the British with many imported things that seemed exotic to him like cheese and preserves. We went in to take a look on that trip but there was nothing remotely exotic in there.
Last year my parents came along on a location visit to Munnar to add properties for seek&hide. We stayed at one of our favourite homestays in Munnar, Casa del Fauno and were lucky that we caught both the glorious sunset and sunrise over a steep valley. My father looked so content and happy to be back in Munnar. The next day we visited another of our hotels in Munnar, Windermere Estate. The manager mentioned that the great grandson of James Finlay had stayed with them a while ago. So we were not the only people who were making nostalgic trips to Munnar :) If you look at these pictures, it will be clear why I am a wee bit sentimental about the place too.
when i married my husband,it is the happiest moment in my life.
the happiest moment of my life. was when i went camping with my freinds at fairy stone. at sunrise i woke up and walked into the woods. and seeing the sunrise over the lake sitting there on that rock was the most beutifull peacefull moment of my life. this is one of the best memorable in my entire line till date.
FAMILY MEMBERS ARE GO TO Year cude AND ENJOY THE FAMILY MEMBERS IS HAPPY OF THE MOMENT
i received a gift from my friend on  my birthday 
Actually two weeks back, I was verymuch successfully in flying a paper kite into the sky after attempting manytimes and failing, so finally i did it and crossed that barrier and i was very much happy.
I am happy when i purchase a new vehicle 
past month one day i go to temple at the time one poor old man very hungry ,and i ask details i give food for the  old man.
One Month ago, one morning just beyond daybreak, I was snug in my bed, blankets tucked under my chin, sleeping the sound, deep, dreamless, sleep that comes upon a mother of two toddlers. When, suddenly, my left eyelid was peeled back from my eyeball. It's a happy day!a 
one month ago, one morning just beyond daybreak, I was snug in my bed, blankets tucked under my chin, sleeping the sound, deep, dreamless, sleep that comes upon a mother of two toddlers. When, suddenly, my left eyelid was peeled back from my eyeball. "It's a happy day!a
Itas true that these two feelings are mutually exclusive, you just canat feel one way while feeling the other. Thatas a big reason to lean towards being happier more of the time.

It can be nearly impossible to go from angry to happy, so you're just looking for the thought that eases you out of your angry feeling and moves you in the direction of happiness. It may take a while, but as long as you're headed in a more positive direction youall be doing yourself a world of good.
I went to french fest and did a wine tasting, the wine was good and the woman I shared a table with was nice and fun to talk to.

we have attended my niece wedding ceremony.ony.we have enjoyed a lot and felt very happy for being the part of the wedding
For me the happiest moment in the last month was when I  was release from the hospital after I had my stroke. About 10 hours. Getting  home and sleeping in my bed with one of my dogs. 
Earning a pay raise in my hourly wage at my job at marie calenders.
My other son got to the finals in the pre little league division last week and did an great job playing 3rd base. 
I enjoyed eat burgers with my family
Pamela Gail Johnson founded the Secret Society of Happy People with the main idea of creating a safe placea where people can share their happy moments, without being discouraged by the parade rainers. Since 1998 she has been managing the Society by writing posts, writing the newsletter, updating social media information and answering fanas questions on her blog Ask Pamela Gail: Where Happiness Meets Reality. Each blog post is formed as an answer to the members questions submitted through the website. 
I'm a cook of 18 years and  i tonight i made a beef barley and vegetable soup that everyone loved and still talks about to this day. 

the happiest moment in my life is when I am with someone special,shes been in my life for almost 6years.whenever im with her i felt complete,yes it may sounds weird but it is true.it is funny how big of an impact she have on me. it's been a year i thought im already over with her, but i am wrong.so wrong.i'm still the guy who's madly in love with her.i could still remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face
They feel validated by stories in which a human believed a computer was wrong, ignored the computer's advice, turned out to be right and got a happy ending instead of the ominous "what if ..." of heeding the computer.

My wife has placenta pervia in the 3 month of pregnancy. We were worried. Doctor told us it will go away in 5th month. But we were still concerned.
We went for the 5th month scan in February. The scan showed placenta pervia moved away. We were so happy to hear that. I could not forget that happy moment.
Our cat showed some new behaviors that made us go nan even more that we already do.
seeing a a rickshaw (car) driver saying good by to his school going child
It made me very happy to be the student with the highest scores of my university race last month.
What made me happy was hosting my 3 year old nephew's first sleep over party at my brothers house. 
This is a great way to sum up the feeling of happiness, itas when everything feels like itas clicking, and itas all in sync. When any part of this equation breaks down, you start to lose the handle on your happy feelings. Thatas why itas important to always speak your true feelings, and act according to the way you're feeling inside
This was my first trekking experience. The place was manali and it was really fun.. initially it was tough to achieve the goals.But as game progress i got few encouragement and changed mindset.. it also helps me of how to take any part of life differently.. it was really enjoying and self motivating..
My son ceremony its very grand party held in reception hall all my relatives gathered and celebrated very well
my youtube subscriber cross 100
When my mom gave me extra money today so I didn't have to ask my Dad. 
Received a promotion at my job that totally came as a shock, not that I did not think I deserved it, but the contrary, there were hints for well over a month. It was sooner than I thought!
One of our family friend from Dhubai has planned to settle down in India. So he has invited us to come and stay for a small vacation. My wish is to take my parents at least once there and here it has fulfilled by booking the air tickets. So by next month this time we will be enjoying our vacation in Dhubai.
Everyone are very eager to have fun.
I would have to say , I was a pretty well rounded at sports as a child, but only solitary sports. I was one of the last picked for a team for most of my childhood. Amazingly , I was okay with that. I loved to ride my bike and rode it to and from work in junior high. I would ride with my friends all summer long around town. This was our freedom, these were our wheels to get to where we wanted to go. I swam every summer at the local pool, even the swim team. But never at high school level with the girls at school. I guess you could say, fear held me back somewhat. I powerwalked into my 20as, joined a gym for awhile. Started yoga in my 30as and them started having babies. Gained too much weight, 11 years later still carring it around. For awhile I been talking to myself , saying you needs this , your body need to move.But, with 4 kids I have let everyone else's needs come before my own. I also started with a whole new kind of fear, that something could happen to me and where would my children be. Crazy how we sometimes let our negative self cheat us out of life sometimes. But I can say with much joy now it is my children , now that they are older are bringing the old comfortable me back. We got kayaks this summer and have had a absolute awesome time with them. They are the best, what a feeling of peace floating along and paddling on Flathead Lake , Montana. I stared yoga again and Iam walking more. Although I started walking because of my overweight Lab Slick. In the end we both needed that exercise.Iam finding my peace again, that peace that each of us get from being active and in our breath. Life is so short to live with self doubt and fear, so Iam going to try and wear it out! To be a champion for my kids and keep them active and be active for them!!!! How I found my new found love for sports again|MY AWESOME KIDS!!!!!!
after that i had my ooty trip to enjoy my life with friend there was an shooting point i meat my favorite hero and heroine that feel me an heart less moment i enjoyed a lot with them taking selfieeeeee and had some snacks with them that felt me an happy moment i was really happy to see them really in my life
Whatever your spiritual beliefs a or non-beliefs a may be, studies show that connecting to a high power is correlated with happiness. Just stepping back to realize that we are part of an enormous universe can put some perspective on your annoyance with the those-are-definitely-not-mine-and-they-are-abso-fricking-nan-repulsive socks under the coffee table. Before bed, spend just a few minutes contemplating something larger than yourself. Take a walk in nature. Write in a journal. Create a sacred space in your home. (Or if spirituality is really not your thing, create a home spa: light some candles, soak in a hot bath, delve into a good booka| are you feeling better yet?)
Itas true that these two feelings are mutually exclusive, you just canat feel one way while feeling the other. Thatas a big reason to lean towards being happier more of the time.

It can be nearly impossible to go from angry to happy, so you're just looking for the thought that eases you out of your angry feeling and moves you in the direction of happiness. It may take a while, but as long as you're headed in a more positive direction youall be doing yourself a world of good.



Today is Wed and I stepped in office with a big smile on my face. Let me tell you all what happened last night. At around 7:30 pm, I brought some grocery for dinner and I did change of 100 Dollar note . Usually I donat carry that much cash with me, . And while returning from shop somehow I dropped my wallet somewhere on the road. After returning to home I searched like hell all my rooms and didnt find my wallet, ran back to shop, searched roads, my apartmentas staircase but still didnt find. Human nature : Started praying to Allah, kept murmuring aPlease Allah, Please Allaha. Let me tell you I was least bothered about money that I had inside it, I was worried for all the Govt. issued card, credit and debit cards)a|. Yeah Yeah.. go on and call me stupid, even I realized this last night. The place where I stay is Fremont which is bit interior and lot of constructions are going on. This made me think that if any worker will find how he will call me. So thinking this after 1 hour, I quit searching and consoled myself that itas gone, move on. I was sad about the Govt card and trust me, I became more sad. It was pathetic. Just after few minutes, I got an unknown call. Somewhere deep down my heart, I knew this was the call I was waiting for. I was happy, the man at other end asked me to come near his house which was around 100 meters from my place. After disconnecting the call, I rana|. (Run, Forrest, Run ! was on my mind). And finally I got my wallet back with all my cards and money inside. My eyes were wet and I thanked that uncle so much. But to my surprise, he replied, aIt wasn't me, who found ita and pointed his finger towards an African American man standing besides him. He was worker and seeing him I simply jumped on him to hug him and he was very shy. I said ton of Thanks to him but I felt Thanks was very very small word at that time, the amount of money and hard work he saved for me. I was so happy I gave him 100 Dollar from my wallet and further said Please let me know if you need any kind of help, but he was very shy he refused to take money May Allah Bless him
WHILE PLAYING MY FAVORITE GAME
I had to go to Fed-Ex to fax 20 pages of paper. That would've came up to at least $45 but the guy who worked there gave it to me for free
Truer words were never spoken, and Lincoln nailed it on this quote on happiness. Itas just a matter of making up your mind to be happy, and then from there never look back. Life is like a buffet and there are all sorts of things you can focus on. Some will make you feel good and others will make you feel bad, but the choice is yours as to which ones you want to give your attention to, and where you set your mood. Realizing that you hold the key to your own happiness, and that's itas just a decision away can be a real breakthrough.
Watching the rescue dog we took in, come out the cage. After a week of tring to hand feed and touch him slowly, as weel as talk to him. He took the steps and sat outside his cage.
We spent a nice day together at t h e park as a family
My friend sent me a video of her dog meeting its doppelgA$?nger at the groomers and it was super cute.
I spend some cherishable time in my motherland
I found my aunt that I haven't talked to in over 25 years.
Your body gets an intervention when you fast. Your mind and relationships could use one too. Unplug yourself from the matrix.
If you havent caught on already, human beings are highly addictive creatures.We love our coffee, sugar, and internet. And these things are all great. But our lives can be far more enhanced by using these tools in wisdom.
The purpose of the internet fast is to reconnect to yourself and your loved ones. So, you probably shouldn't do it the same day you do your food fast. Because eating is one of the strongest ways to form bonds.
Youall be blown away by how much more connected you feel to your loved ones when you can give them your undivided attention. It may even feel 
I enjoyed doing a CrowdLab hit. I felt really content.
My child has an excellent accomplishment in school
The Day my Grand mother escaped from Road Accident, I feel so happy, why because she 99 years and so, while crossing the Road in front of my home town, Truck narrowly came nearer and Driver suddenly applied Hi powered Brakes.Its Shocked me a while and very very happy to a God from rescued.
ya my best 24 hours my life supper in day move and paling cricket good moring barkfast  good lunch  dennar ya car traviling and  gem orkavt good liffe my happing moring  
Finished a work project that I had been working on for at least 2 weeks.
In his book, The Untethered Soul, Michael Singer argues that your energy should come from withinaaafrom your whyaaanot from external stimulants. The scientific backing is substantial and unsurprising: intrinsic motivation destroys extrinsic motivation every day of the week.
Motivation asideaaahealthy eating, sleeping, and intensive exercise produce higher quantities and quality of energy than caffeine ever could. A holistic approach to life is essential. Garbage in, garbage out.
Give up the caffeine and see what happens. To avoid withdrawal headachesaaawhich are mostly placeboaaareplace your caffeine with something else (another placebo). After a few days without caffeine, you'll develop confidence in your ability to function without it.
have I done any good in the world today? Have I helped anyone in need? Have I cheered up the sad and made someone feel glad? If not, I have failed indeed. Has anyone's burden been lighter today, because I was willing to share
Drinking a ginger tea , thatas all there is , this week hasn't been very exciting or happy , in fact itas been rather tiring and stressful but itas fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.Woke up 5:45, Meditated, cooked a healthy breakfast, worked on things I love, went to the gym, cooked a healthy dinner and slept peacefully.
My husband purchased a new nan for me.
One day Police people called my brother one fine morning, said that, our missed CAR complaint was materialised, that day I feel so happy, why because that car is very new and too costly.

my sentence is good day in my life oooo supper day in my life my favarat lince good food and work mturk in work my ladery 1000 prise in doo day
Each and everyone of us has a story to tell and share to others, life stories that may serve as an inspiration to other people. Every individual may have a life experience or a moment in his or her life that somehow greatly affects his or her whole life. We often share our own triumphs and travails, our victories and defeats, our happiness and despair that bring alterations to the present life situations. My story began as an ordinary boy in the state of Ferndale, Michigan. I am the youngest of five siblings, a son of Sazelia and Marvin Johnson.

My mother was a university woman who tries to acquire a bachelor's degree in Business at the University of Michigan. My father was a Mechanical Engineer who is deeply fascinated with cars. My parents are intellectual and social creatures who passed down the essential values of hard work, education and religion to their children. They make sure that we are not deprived of the essential things that we need in our education. They also impart important attitudes and ethical standards needed in conforming well to our social environment. My siblings and I grew up in happy and complete family that upholds education as the main key to success.
Look at it this way.  It's a happy daya a that honest anticipation, that hopeful expectancy spoken by my child one early morning so many month ago can be an eye opening revelation for you too.  Look for those moments. Listen for them. Wait for them. Be grateful for them.
My son was not well and suffered from ough wheeze by past a month and got realeased yesterday .
Although the amount of warfare and deaths by human hands are reducing globally, you will not get that message watching televised news or reading the newspaper.
On the contrary, these media outlets have an agenda. Their goal is to appeal to your fears by inflating extreme casesaaamaking them seem normal and commonplace. If they didnt do so, their viewership would plummet. Which is why Peter Diamandis, one of the worldas experts on entrepreneurship and the future of innovation has said, I've stopped watching TV news. They couldnat pay me enough money.a
juyhk fr4bngtygt
i  make chicken curry to day
I was really very happy that I havent took the advantage of his mistake. Now, why Iaam happy because, I knew that Iam honest but sometime when you realise your honest self, itas a pleasure for you, itas a happiness for your soul and this happiness everyone should have in their life at least once, in whatever way it comes.
Drinking a ginger tea , thatas all there is , this week hasn't been very exciting or happy , in fact itas been rather tiring and stressful but itas fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.
I took a cab and it was morning 8:30am, I was on the way to office.

After reaching my office, I needed to pay him seventy rupees, I had given him a hundred rupees note, he should give me back thirty rupees but instead he gave seventy rupees to me( a fifty and one twenty rupees notes). I was in hurry and I just took the change from him and while putting it into my purse, I noticed the fifty rupees and it striked on my mind, I given him back seventy rupees and took thirty rupees from him.

After giving him back his money, he was really very happy that I haven't took the advantage of his mistake. Now, why I'm happy, I'm happy because, I knew that I'm honest but sometime when you realise your honest self, it's a pleasure for you, it's a happiness for your soul and this happiness everyone should have in their life at least once, in whatever way it comes.
A happy campus is an interesting place for study. Students can both study and practice. A happy campus has a lot of good facilities and people. There are also many places for recreation. There are a lot of good facilities in a happy campus. It has an excellent library with many kinds of books and modern technology. ATM machines are on every corner of a happy campus. In addition, ppppppublic transportation is convenient and cheap. Students in a happy campus study together friendly and studiously. Although they may come from different places, they help each other in studying as well as in their life, and share ideas. They can play sports and take part in activities together after class. They practice much more than studying in theory. A happy city also has many places for recreation. There are green park, large stadium,A and fitness center for studying and relaxing. Many clubs are opened on weekend, such as English club, cooking club, dancing club etc. Moreover, there are many places for students to visit, such as galleries, museum, cultural activities.
One Month ago, one morning just beyond daybreak, I was snug in my bed, blankets tucked under my chin, sleeping the sound, deep, dreamless, sleep that comes upon a mother of two toddlers. When, suddenly, my left eyelid was peeled back from my eyeball. At last a happy day!a 
I rewatched a movie that I didn't like much the first time and was surprised to find it far more enjoyable.
My aunt who has been very sick in the hospital got to come home today. She is a dialysis patient and we found out that her kidneys were not shutting completely down. She was tested for several health issues and the results came back good.
the first event was when a room mom came in ,cleaned my back counter, brought me lunch and left me a 50$ to my favorite  restaurant all to show support of my teaching job!
I was really very happy that I havent took the advantage of his mistake. Now, why Iaam happy because, I knew that Iam honest but sometime when you realise your honest self, itas a pleasure for you, itas a happiness for your soul and this happiness everyone should have in their life at least once, in whatever way it comes.
We all school friend met in the alumni get together and had nice time sharing our memories.
i made porota last night
Summer vacation. It was a long journey to Ooty from Delhi, but we thoroughly enjoyed it. We reached Mettupalayam by train. From there we took another train for Wellington. This journey, in the little mountain railway, was quite exhilarating and unforgettable.


During the journey we saw breath-taking scenes of Nigeria hills and forests. There were my maternal uncle, aunt, their little daughter Jasmine and 2 attendants to receive us at the station. We were overAjoyed to see and meet one another.

The following day, and then on the week-end, we visited Ooty. On both these visits we enjoyed the beauty, freshness, food walking, horse-riding and excursions. Situated at the height of 2,286 meters on Nigeria hills, Ooty is a very popular and famous hill resort of South India. It is in the state of Tamil Nadu. Full of rich tourist- activities and possibilities round the year, Ooty was discovered in 1819 by the then collector of Combater, an Englishman, Mr. John Sullivan. He constructed his summer residence there. He was the first man to do so. He was soon followed by numerous other Englishmen. It then became the summer seat of Provincial Government of Madras.
The temperate coolness attracts a large crowd of people from nearby areas, provinces and distant parts of the country. Originally it belonged to the Toads, a hill tribe which still lives in the Nigeria Hills. This aQueen of the Hill Stationsa is full of nice outdoor activities like hiking, boating, fishing, horse-riding, long walks, excursions and shopping. There is a big and wonderful botanical garden in the very heart of the town. It has more than 600 varieties of exotic plants and trees. We visited the botanical garden and then enjoyed boating in the lake.

We went to Deadbeats Peak in our uncle's car. From there we had an excellent panoramic view of the plains below. Is the highest point and boasts the height of 2,638 meters. There is also a telescope for the viewing pleasure of the tourists. We also visited and immensely enjoyed the nearby Samas Park, a nice picnic spot full of many varieties of plants, trees, herbs and a fine pool full of lilies.

The shopping in the small but colorful market of the town is an unforgettable experience. Mother bought a few silk sarisa, spices and some other items as gifts for our friends and relations. I bought some special tea and items of woodcraft. Ooty, overlooking blue hills and lush green valleys, is a very pleasant place and tourist resort. There was a big crowd of Indian and foreign tourists.

We also visited nearby Connor, a small but colorful town amidst sprawling tea gardens. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit to this still station. We also exposed a number of films to capture beautiful and natural scenes, events and memorable moments. These photographs will help us to keep our joy and memories of the place ever new and fresh.
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.
Letas say you choose a job just for paying your rent and you're waiting for a dream job opportunity. But, whatever you're doing you want to be appreciated for your work. And how can we judge a fish by its climbing skills? We canat.
Yesterday night i talked with my girlfriend Keerthana up to more than 5 hours i was spoke with her. Both of us understood everything very well. We made for each other. I was so happy. Moving forward surely i will speak with her daily. I'm very happy about this. 
My brother brought home a 60 inch UFHD LED TV today which is with latest technology called 4K and many more features which brings really a happy moment to me and the whole family of mine. 
the event was my crush said hi to me which is out of the world experience . I am so glad that she gave me a hi which is not quitely happen 
last 1 month i am doing one task in office and not completed and yesterday i completed and got good response form my teammate
Today in my college has announced the farewell for our final students, In the last week they ignored the offer we asked for the farewell. But today they accepted the offer we requested for our final enjoyment. Its makes me soooooooo happy in my full of the day.
on day 24 h all happe in my life half a day  first time sux in my life oo good You'll be more happy and successful in if you follow these tips.
Holding a grudge has a lot of detrimental effects on your wellbeing, including increased depression, anxiety, and stress. Why let anyone who has wronged you have power over you? If you let go of all your grudges, you'll gain a clear conscience and enough energy to enjoy the good things in life.The happiest people donat have the best of everything; they just make the best of everything they have.a You will have a deeper sense of contentment if you count your blessings instead of yearning for what you donat have
I completed an over the phone survey about being a fan of the Miami heat an I earned $30. I WS super happy because I needed that $30 at the time but didnt expect to be rewarded for a 5 minute questionnaire. 
When I am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say, have a nice day and take care
I had sex with my girlfriend after movie. .we had reply nice time together and she was praising me foe my stamina this thing made me happy. 
I had the most unforgettable experience in my life . It is an experience about helping a blind man to cross the street. I still remember that day vividly. That night I had studied at school library; it was around 10 o'clock, and I prepared to go back home. As I passed through the school gate, I said goodbye to my friends. Suddenly I saw a strange thing in front of me. There was a male standing beside the cross-walk; the traffic light was green, he could walk forward, but he didnt. He was just standing there and made no actions. I was confused at this sight. Out of curiosity, I decided to walk over to him and to see what was happening. I felt perplexed until I walked next to him. Standing beside him, I could see he was wearing sunglasses and holding a white stick; then I knew this man was blind. In this cold winter day, pedestrians all wore heavy coats, including him and me. His was gray and mine was black. I also noticed that there was a sign around his neck. The sign said aI am virtually deaf and blind; please help me cross the street. Tap me on the shoulder.a I knew I must help him. So I tapped him on the shoulder, and then he put his left hand on my right shoulder and I led him across the street. All the process was quiet; the only thing I could hear was the sounds of our steps. It was a chilly night too, but I knew he would feel warm at this moment. When we got across the street, he bowed in thanks, and started walking up the block, to the next corner, then the next. While he walked past me, I couldnat help but start to weep. I wanted to walk him home. It was not a very busy street, almost deserted. He could have been there, on that corner, for 10 minutes. Maybe he is still at another corner, now, waiting. How does he get home? How does he know where his home is? Thinking of this, I cried more loudly. I canat image being deaf and blind. You would be so helpless and dependent on other people. Can you imagine going home like that every day: walking a block, then waiting for someone to help you get across the street, then walking another block, and waiting, relying on the kindness of strangers? After this incident, I realized how blessed I am. I should cherish every day and do my best to help the people who need help in my life.


There are two types of people in the world: those who choose to be happy, and those who choose to be unhappy. Contrary to popular belief, happiness doesn't come from fame, fortune, other people, or material possessions. Rather, it comes from within. The richest person in the world could be miserable while a person living in the slums of a third world country could be happy and content. I have spent plenty of time amongst both groups to have seen it first hand. Happy people are happy because they make themselves happy. They maintain a positive outlook on life and remain at peace with themselves.
Happy people understand that itas better to forgive and forget than to let their negative feelings crowd out their positive feelings. Holding a grudge has a lot of detrimental effects on your wellbeing, including increased depression, anxiety, and stress. Why let anyone who has wronged you have power over you? If you let go of all your grudges, you'll gain a clear conscience and enough energy to enjoy the good things in life.
I took a cab and it was morning 8:30am, I was on the way to office.

After reaching my office, I needed to pay him seventy rupees, I had given him a hundred rupees note, he should give me back thirty rupees but instead he gave seventy rupees to me( a fifty and one twenty rupees notes). I was in hurry and I just took the change from him and while putting it into my purse, I noticed the fifty rupees and it striked on my mind, I given him back seventy rupees and took thirty rupees from him.

After giving him back his money, he was really very happy that I haven't took the advantage of his mistake. Now, why I'm happy, I'm happy because, I knew that I'm honest but sometime when you realise your honest self, it's a pleasure for you, it's a happiness for your soul and this happiness everyone should have in their life at least once, in whatever way it comes.
The proposal was insanely ambitiousareal people, alone or in groups, dance to the song, essentially creating an entire dayas worth of music videosaand therefore riddled with creative challenges, which is like manna to Pharrell: aThe best work comes from people who are motivated by crisisawhen something stops the original idea, they respond by coming up with something even better. Existence is all mathematics,a he says. There's an equation for success in every obstacle.a
A smile never cost anybody anything and a day seems to go better when you are surrounded by colleagues that smile and are willingly to help you anytime or just to hug you when you are not feeling ok.If all the people around us would be open minded we would all have something to gain. We all feel very motivated do our job the best way we can when we have a very good training program. Thereby you can receive better feedback  you can work more focused and you can improve your skills when you know you'll be rewarded.
 I felt the most happy was probably accepting my ex's Boss. I've never been that excited and overjoyed about something. Didn't end up working out, but, y'know.
A horse that I knew got shipped to slaughter, was tracked down right before the Mexican border yesterday and bought from the kill buyer.
last 1 month i am doing one task in office and not completed and yesterday i completed and got good response form my teammate
sfosofw 
Today in same college also announced the campus drive conducted by the IT company in our college, It was my dream of my life to get the job in the information technology sector. tomorrow i am eager to use this opportunity to fulfill my goal of my life.
The happiest day of my life was when I got the chance to be one of the EMS. I felt like I was being carried away by them because the EMS are expert in lit as well as in linguistics. they are also taught to be a good citizen of our society.
I went to a tour of kerala. I saw natural places and flower gardens. The a lot of flowers of kept in the garden. All flowers are so beautiful. These are unforgettable moment.
morning i go to old age home and i service also give food i enjoy the moment still now.
My baby got better at batting at the toys on her playmateeeeee
While attending a free concert on the University campus, I made eye contact and subsequently friends with one of the members of my choir. 
Running the phonathon has made me happy.
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me aI donat know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this much my husband birth day party at the moment happy in life.
I saw my granddaughter play softball
Playing games after completing my work makes me feel refreshed and energize my body.So i sleep happily and wake up at morning with refreshed.
My husband is an auditor and one of his clients hadnt paid the fees in spite of several reminders.But today afternoon, he received a cheque from the client unexpectedly.Our joy doubled at this !
Once you accept the fact that life is not fair, you'll be more at peace with yourself. Instead of obsessing over how unfair life is, just focus on what you can control and change it for the better.
With today's politicians, bankers, lawyers and public service executives, it is hardly surprising that old farts like me and my wife (that's a novelty today) resort to remembering old times to grasp at happy memories and feel better
Not anybody can brag about having a mentor at their job. A mentor is not only a teacher, it is the person that inspires you, the person from whom you want asteala the knowledgeas of the job or you want to enjoy his asuccess secretsa.
Drinking a ginger tea , thatas all there is , this week hasn't been very exciting or happy , in fact itas been rather tiring and stressful but itas fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.Talking and laughing with my friends and family makes me happy.I slept throughout the night hugging the man that makes my heart beats fast and giving me laughs.

Today morning, we went to hospital to see my brother who is admitted for viral fever attack yesterday. But, now he is recovering very well & getting back healthy very quickly.
Watching the sun rise, getting a raise, putting a smile on someone's face these are all examples of when a person may feel a happy. They are all diverse, just like the individualas in the world. Happiness is acquired through countless stimuli, whether they are material or emotional. One can not give a general definition for happiness, due to the fact that each person has their own perception of what happiness is. Happiness lies in the eye of the beholder, and as the beholder I see happiness as:Thus through this essay I will describe what happiness means to me, by discussing the above mentioned. I have found that through completing my happy Moments Journal,a that my family is a huge element of my happiness. Over half of the entries in my journal involved some interaction or thought of my family. A couple of examples include having Sunday lunch with my family. Everyone basically, comes together after church and we sit down and eat lunch together and then spend the rest of the day talking and just enjoying each others company. Also, going out with my sister and cousin on the weekends is always brings happiness into my life.
last 1 month i am doing one task in office and not completed and yesterday i completed and got good response form my teammate
morning i go to old age home and i service also give food i enjoy the moment.
I was really very happy that I havent took the advantage of his mistake. Now, why Iaam happy because, I knew that Iam honest but sometime when you realise your honest self, itas a pleasure for you, itas a happiness for your soul and this happiness everyone should have in their life at least once, in whatever way it comes.
I was struggling at college, having a hard time studying and trying to get higher grades. I had an exam yesterday. after it a friend told me aIam proud of you! your persistance despite everything you've been through is remarkable and I admire you for ita
The woman who has recently found the identity of her birth mother emailed my wife and me.  We had sent her an 18K gold pocket watch that her grand parents bought in 1950 and had engraved with their initials.  She was so moved and wept at the kindness and the reality of holding this moment.
when I'm lying on the sofa, my mothers tickling me...i was laughing.
There are two types of people in the world: those who choose to be happy, and those who choose to be unhappy. Contrary to popular belief, happiness doesn't come from fame, fortune, other people, or material possessions. Rather, it comes from within. The richest person in the world could be miserable while a person living in the slums of a third world country could be happy and content.
Making a 24-hour interactive video has always been one of WAFLA's dream projects. Their goal was to create an endless video that loops a series of shots in an infinite sequence. The entire video has been made with dancers whose art is a symbol for what the video is all about: happiness. Pharrell appears over the duration as though heas the metronome for the project, while a website was also designed to host the video featuring an encyclopedia of world dances and a facility that allows users to film their own contribution to the project.
I took my wife to a new local restaurant, and afterward she told me she liked it! This is usually not the case. Her tastes seem to be 180 degrees the opposite of mine.
Happy people understand that itas better to forgive and forget than to let their negative feelings crowd out their positive feelings. Holding a grudge has a lot of detrimental effects on your wellbeing, including increased depression, anxiety, and stress. Why let anyone who has wronged you have power over you? If you let go of all your grudges, you'll gain a clear conscience and enough energy to enjoy the good things in life.
ANTON CHEKHOV'S "MY LIFE"
I am a good reader and i always used to read books from different genre. Two months ago my sister gifted my the book "My Life". But could read it only after one month, Till I read this book, I feel such a insane i am, unguided and discipline less life i living. But i can't hold a little bit of traditional things. my family and friends never agree with me and getting' insulted sometimes. The book, I see, someone can live like me and think like me, I feel it was my own life. It's not only about happiness but satisfaction to my mind. I read it several times. 
Drinking a ginger tea , that's all there is , this week hasnat been very exciting or happy , in fact itas been rather tiring and stressful but itas fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.
The happiest movement in my life is i got government job
making money here I'm disabled get very little a month.my mom past we went in on everything.this helps with rent ,ulties personal needs etc my only way to surive out here and my rescources are very scarace.im just hopeing things will improve.not very much help if you are very poor/disabled.
yes i am very happy past 24 hours why because am i going to my own city for festival of ugadhi. all family members enjoyed.
the last day when i was very tires and at night wants to sleep my husband realized and he brought for me an ice cream that was my favorite ice cream i was very happy to saw it and all my tiredness gone.
i studied my neighbor to drive a car
Yesterday night i was watched lot of comady videos in youtube. I was enjoyed lot. Especially that vadivel and santhanam comady videos was very humour. I smiled lot. Still thinking about that comedy videos. Enjoyed very well. Moving forward daily i will watch that videos. Thank you. 
Actually Yesterday afternoon, while passing on the high way in my car, suddenly a very colorfull unique flower dropped on car, which had very much great fragrance, which made me feel very happy.
THIS SUMMER SEASON WE ARE FACING WATER SCARCITY AND HUMAN BEING ALONG WITH ANIMALS AND BIRDS ALONG WITH PLANTS ARE SUFFERING A LOT. AS A SMALL WAY TO HELP THE BIRDS WE KEPT SMALL POTS WITH WATER AND GRAINS ALL OVER OUR BALCONY AND THROUGHOUT THE DAY A NUMBER OF PIGEONS, CROWS AND SPARROWS  ARE COMING TO OUR BALCONY TO HAVE THE WATER AND GRAINS AND THIS MAKES ME VERY VERY HAPPY .
MY BROTHER GOT A FIRST PRIZE IN INTER COLLEGE MUSICAL COMPETITION AND HE WAS HONORED BY THE MUSICAL LEGEND AND SINGER MY BROTHER WAS BIG FAN OF HIM 
Everyone works at his own pace, so why compare yourself to others? If you think you're better than someone else, you gain an unhealthy sense of superiority. If you think someone else is better than you, you end up feeling bad about yourself. Youall be happier if you focus on your own progress and praise others on theirs.
For the first time I have drive our car alone today upto 1km alone without others guidance
I like traveling. Iam very thankful to god because giving me a family that loves to travel. When I go for traveling with my family, there are a lot of interesting place that we visit. Between traveling at bigger city and go traveling at Island, I will choose the Island to travel. I donat like travel at bigger city because it was so noisy and a lot of pollution. Enough for me to live and always trapped in the traffic jam especially when Iam go back home to my own town Johor Bharu. My parent will take us to go for traveling especially when school holiday is coming. A wonderful holiday that I still remember until now is when my family and I went to Tioman Island when school holiday. That was the first time and first experience I went to Tioman Island. We stayed at Tioman Resort about three days. About seven o'clock early in the morning, we took a car to go to Jeti Mersing from Kota Tinggi. Around nine in the morning, we arrived at Jeti Mersing and my father parked his car at there. We take a bot at ten o'clock. Our journey from Jetty Mersing to Tioman Island is about one hour and thirty minute. Along travel to Tioman Island by bot, I saw many interesting scenery like a lot of monkey when our bot is near to the near Island and the water was very clean and clear blue in colour. Iam the one who was very excited to arrived at Tioman Island. At twelve noon, we safely arrived at Tioman Island. I was very excited. The scenery was very amazing with the birds flying anywhere just like to welcome us. It is so fascinating to be there. When we went out from the bot, have a car exactly like when we see when people playing a golf was waiting for us to take us to the resort. Along in the car, we found a lot of monkey was climbed the trees. The driver also looked very friendly and love to tell us about Tiomal Island. 


I was able to go get groceries last night and the store wasn't busy.
my dog name is lakshi. today is my pet birthday. lakshi is so cute our hair is so nice and soft. today, i and my lakshi is so happy.....
When I am came to my office, I me my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
Drinking a ginger tea , thatas all there is , this week hasn't been very exciting or happy , in fact itas been rather tiring and stressful but itas fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.
I was really very happy that I havent took the advantage of his mistake. Now, why Iaam happy because, I knew that Iam honest but sometime when you realise your honest self, itas a pleasure for you, itas a happiness for your soul and this happiness everyone should have in their life at least once, in whatever way it comes.
BEFORE 7 DAYS I VERY HAPPINESS , BECAUSE I WAS MEETING BEST FRIENDS.
There are two types of people in the world: those who choose to be happy, and those who choose to be unhappy. Contrary to popular belief, happiness does not come from fame, fortune, other people, or material possessions. Rather, it comes from within. The richest person in the world could be miserable while a person living in the slums of a third world country could be happy and content. I have spent plenty of time amongst both groups to have seen it first hand. Happy people are happy because they make themselves happy.
My father love chappathi and onion gravy . I prepared those for him yesterday . He told that those receipes are nice. I feel very much happy.
I watched a migrating flock of a variety of colorful birds flyingggggg through my yard on a beautiful morning.
speding time with my kitty .she is a amazing cat I'm so glad we found her.she loves playing with us and we take great care of here.
Finally literary finally GOA plan is successful.. one thing i observed that when you strive for something you get it.. 3 yrs back there was project pressure and i dropped the plan at end time..this time also situation was the same but i decided to go and i went.

 Dona Paula Beach, Mira-mar beach, baga, calangute, Anjuna, Vagator beach, Aguada Fort, Chapora Fort, St. Cathedral Church, Church of St. Francis of Assisis, Basilica of bom jesus Church. Mangeshi temple and finally Gapanati pule. Awesome trip.
We started on 25th night.. i reach Mulund at 10:15 p.m. and we started at 11:30, Mark waited for 3 hrs in office ...Mark was waiting but Vaibhavs 15 mins was not ready to end :P. at around 12 Mark join us.. after around 9 month i visited Patni ..we were very hungry.. we had diner at Shree krishna restaurant ( My Patni friends will remember it..).
As per plan we catch Pune-Kohlapur highway... its really very good road to travel.. then thru Amboli ghat headed towards Panjim ... at around 12:30 PM on Republic day, we reach to Dona Paula Beach.. there we got very good accommodation at comparatively cheap rate

The Basilica of Bom Jesus is the most august and famous of all the churches in Old Goa. It contains the relics of St.Framcis Xavier, Patron saint of Goa, Apostle of the Indies. The construction of the church began on the 24th November 1594 AD. It is built of black laterite stone. The relics of St Francis Xavier were kept in this chapel from 1623-55 AD. The Blessed Sacrament was earlier kept on the main altar under the statue of St Ignatius and now is preserved in a gold tabernacle. The body of St. Francis Xavier was brought here from the College of St Paul after his canonization in 1624 AD. It was shifted to its present location in 1655 AD. The crystal urn was made in the Casa Brandizzi at Rome and was brought to Goa on January 30th 1955. The old wooden coffin with its three keys is now kept in the museum at the Professed House of the Jesuits
From there we headed towards Aguada Fort but it was very dark that we could not able to see the site.
Then we went to Baga beach .. to search our second accommodation.. which again eat a lot of time.. around 1 and half hour.. and we were late and tired and had to drop pub and disk plan..:(
Then we had our diner at Baga beach ... its an awesome experience to have diner at seashore ...( we had veg though :( Vaibhav remember 120 and mine 240 :P ) At around 12 AM we finished our most lavish & expensive diner ...and went back to take rest coz we want to get ready for water sports next morning
My 5 year old son has autism, and social interactions with strangers make him scream. Doctor visits are the worst. Yesterday he let the nurse take his vitals for the first time ever, didn't cry once, and even did head nan with the doctor. I am so happy.
My favorite ladies basketball team won their game last night.
I got accepted into the HVAC technology course at nan.
the well good best all tha would in part of the sentence that describes which house it is is the last half, hai thiess well  that's well good life in good 
Human life is the collection of some important events. Of those events, some events are forgotten but some other events are so important and heart touching that can not be forgotten and remain fresh in the mind. My first day school is one of those events which will remain ever fresh in my heart. I was then 6 years old. One day my mother told me that I was going to start my school the next day. I was very excited. I couldnat think of anything else. I was always thinking about the school, the teachers, and the students of the school. I couldnat even sleep at night. The next morning my mother woke me up early in the morning. I had a bath and put on my best clothes. Having breakfast we started walking towards the school. After half an hour we reached the school.  I saw many students on the school campus. Some were playing and some were talking to each other. But I did not know any one. So, I got little nervous. My mother took me to the headmaster's room. He asked me some questions. As I could answer them all, he became pleased. He called in a teacher and send me to my class with her. I was admitted to class one. The class teacher and the student receive me heartily. Though I was little nervous, soon I became easy. I will remember the day as long as I live.
Very often people donat remember their day-by-day routine, but if something unusual or extra
ordinary happens. It can be memorable and remarkablefor the rest of their lives.
For me, such remarkable event was the light show of dancing fountains. I saw this show for the
first time when I was 10 years old. Since that time I saw shows like that several times, but the
feelings of the very first time are still in my haert and they are unforgettable.
The show had to start during sunset, and since it was arranged on the bank of the rive on a hot
summer day everything around bacame pink. Trees, river, air, people around -everything was
painted with a tender pink colour. That day was extremely hot but in the evening the air turned to
be fresh and clean. The blowing breeze was very pleasant. The show was delayed. At first we
were nervous about that, but now I understand that it was planned ahead and we were really
lucky to see the sunset. Very soon it became darker and at last the show started.
The show was accompanied by modern music and the fountains really danced and people
danced too. Everybody was so excited!
I was really very happy that I havent took the advantage of his mistake. Now, why Iaam happy because, I knew that Iam honest but sometime when you realise your honest self, itas a pleasure for you, itas a happiness for your soul and this happiness everyone should have in their life at least once, in whatever way it comes.
It's easy to impress me. I don't need a fancy party to be happy. Just good friends, good food, and good laughs. I'm happy. I'm satisfied. I'm content
I won a raffle at a fundraiser.
One of my husband's groomsmen came visiting after 3 years. 
My family and i had a great time having lunch at BareBurger.
Recently I published a Research article In Scopus. As that was my first achievement, I felt very happy and it made me realize how the research has to be done. I as a student gained much knowledge by publishing the research journal.
Open the newly delivered amazon package
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
In my tenth Examination my grandma was expired so i didn't do well.unexpectedly i scored 480 marks for 500.That is very very happiest moment.
I found out a friend was out of the hospital after emergency surgery.

I figured out how to mount one new tool on my bench with a biece of leather underneathhhhhh to pick up the vibrations.
My first time flying a plane with skis on, I got to fly really close to the frozen river right at the tree line, i had an instructor behind me but it was so amazing, saw some snow machinery and skiers that took photos too, hopefully made a happy moment for them too.
I reupped so I got some more weed. 
Early morning we read a news paper and I see my photo in Newspaper in congratulations column this given by my staff its happiest event for me.
well good the will lide good work in my life Maps and arrows from Happy Maps: Single-Step Adventure. good  sex well good life in drink well good 
Human life is the collection of some important events. Of those events, some events are forgotten but some other events are so important and heart touching that can not be forgotten and remain fresh in the mind. My first day school is one of those events which will remain ever fresh in my heart. I was then 6 years old. One day my mother told me that I was going to start my school the next day. I was very excited. I couldnat think of anything else. I was always thinking about the school, the teachers, and the students of the school. I couldnat even sleep at night. The next morning my mother woke me up early in the morning. I had a bath and put on my best clothes. Having breakfast we started walking towards the school. After half an hour we reached the school.  I saw many students on the school campus. Some were playing and some were talking to each other. But I did not know any one. So, I got little nervous. My mother took me to the headmaster's room. He asked me some questions. As I could answer them all, he became pleased. He called in a teacher and send me to my class with her. I was admitted to class one. The class teacher and the student receive me heartily. Though I was little nervous, soon I became easy. I will remember the day as long as I live.
I got the title to a vehicle in the mail today.  Paid it off weeks ago.  Feels good knowing it is OURS.
I felt happy when my partner and I rewatched the season finale of Stranger Things.
I found a travel bug in a Geocache.
Human life is the collection of some important events. Of those events, some events are forgotten but some other events are so important and heart touching that can not be forgotten and remain fresh in the mind. My first day school is one of those events which will remain ever fresh in my heart. I was then 6 years old. One day my mother told me that I was going to start my school the next day. I was very excited. I couldnat think of anything else. I was always thinking about the school, the teachers, and the students of the school. I couldnat even sleep at night. The next morning my mother woke me up early in the morning. I had a bath and put on my best clothes. Having breakfast we started walking towards the school. After half an hour we reached the school.  I saw many students on the school campus. Some were playing and some were talking to each other. But I did not know any one. So, I got little nervous. My mother took me to the nan room. He asked me some questions. As I could answer them all, he became pleased. He called in a teacher and send me to my class with her. I was admitted to class one. The class teacher and the student receive me heartily. Though I was little nervous, soon I became easy. I will remember the day as long as I live.
anniversary of the Creation of the World, we recreate ourselves and we wrestle with our relationship with the world around us.
Itas a day designated to take a step back, look at ourselves, and think about what weave witnessed and what weave experienced over the past year. Itas not just a celebration of one day.
Found two excellent nan.
For the first time in about 6 months, I drove to my tea shop and bought 4 oz of Kenilworth Ceylon tea.
MY FRIEND CONTACTED ME TODAY THROUGH VIDEO CALLING . WE TALKED  HALF AN HOUR. IT IS FOR THE FIRST TIME WE  CONTACTED THROUGH THE VIDEO CALLING. WHICH MAKES ME HAPPY.
A friend paid for my groceries when I was told the credit card system was down at the store.
It's easy to impress me. I don't need a fancy party to be happy. Just good friends, good food, and good laughs. I'm happy. I'm satisfied. I'm content
I prepared my best jollof spaghetti so far!
the event was  my lover called me after a long time ago which was awesome
Sat in the house all day saturday and watched an april fools snow event that lasted all day and night.  I love snow so this was quite fun. 
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.
Riding the biggest coaster the Titan  with my 9 year old at six flags
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy .
For my first wedding anniversary i didn't gave any gift to my wife.But my wife presented a Diamond ring.
Having the feeling of losing a loved one is something that everyone eventually experiences. Losing my grandpa in a car accident is by far the most devastating thing I had to learn to cope with. My grandpa and I were really close. We did many things together until the day somebody decided to have a drink while driving behind the wheel. Not only did the drunk driver pay dearly for his senseless act. He also took my grandfather's life when he collided into the side of his car.
             Though my grandfather's death was five years ago, I still remember him. An image of him is still locked in my mind, but my memories of him are faint. After breakfast on Saturdays, we would play in the park and feed the ducks. I would hold my grandpaas hand and I remember how his hands felt very much like paper, yet very callused from long years of hard work. When it rained out, he baked me fudge brownies and cookies. My grandpa was always there when I needed a wound to be tended to or when I was sick and not feeling well. I miss my grandpa dearly with all my heart, and I wish I could tell him now how much I miss everything we used to do together.
I updated my website, fivecentsmatter.com
It's easy to impress me. I don't need a fancy party to be happy. Just good friends, good food, and good laughs. I'm happy. I'm satisfied. I'm content
I used to give guidance to small retail investors in stock trading in various online groups... One such recommendation of mine fired yesterday and easily gave up to 20% gains to my followers... I received a total of 90 messages thanking me for giving such a recommendation... This gave me tons of happiness and satisfaction...
nan came out with a new YouTube video I've been waiting for.
I realized a bill that I thought was due was already paid off.
In my job interview i didn't do well but i am selected till now that one is a very happiest sweet memory in my life.My parents appreciated so much.
nan my favorite dinner, it was so yummy.
Watching our daschund eat 2 pounds of ham scraps, she has been in a food coma all day.
On Saturday night Joe and I spent the night together, had a couple drinks, listened to old school music from our childhoods and relaxed.   We reminisced and had a blast.
My family and I got to see breath taking views of our city's landscape as we took a family trip downtown.
Making churros with the kids
A small event was going to the movie theater to see a movie I liked at a different theater in another nearby city. To see how the viewing experience is and it fun, even though overcrowded at times.
I had a chocolate milkshake from UDF that turned out to be on sale for cheaper than I expected.
I was looking for a way to earn money on the side using the Internet and while at home, knowing that I don't have a lot of skills to deliver like transcribing and writing. So I tried microjobs from crowdsourcing sites that are small and can be done any time. I was relieved and happy to find Amazon Mechanical Turk (which is very legitimate). Also, I was relieved to have my account and tax information approved in the process.
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment
I placed my pokemons in 3 pokemon gyms and collected 30 pokecoins. 
What can be better than that special moment in which one of your colleagues brings a box full of chocolate and heas willing to share it with you? Or a big platter with home baked cookies with apples and cinnamon. A large banner will be present at a multitude of the events. This banner will say I am happy because|a and will collect the reasons for residentsa happiness throughout the week. After the week is over it will be displayed outside the library.
I was happy when I realised that the new train has new elements to increase passenger comfort - notably AC in the summer!
Happy people understand that itas better to forgive and forget than to let their negative feelings crowd out their positive feelings. Holding a grudge has a lot of detrimental effects on your wellbeing, including increased depression, anxiety, and stress. Why let anyone who has wronged you have power over you? If you let go of all your grudges, you'll gain a clear conscience and enough energy to enjoy the good things in life.

me and my girlfriend resolved a big fight we had last night
Yesterday morning I received a phone call from a long time internet friend in la. She is having a party in 2 weeks  at her  house and invited  me. She is a  popular you tuber and some celebrities I am a huge fan of  might be at her party. 
My wife and I took 2 of our dogs to get snow cones and on a walk.
I watched my eighteen month old son run around the house, chasing the cat, and yelling, "kitty!".
Cooking a delicious homemade lasagna made me happy today.
I did not wake up this morning with a hangover after last night.
I needed to buy guacamole for tacos  during my Sunday shopping trip and when I picked up the container I noticed it was 75% off due to it being close to the sell by date. 
Getting Applebees today after waking up hungover, it tasted good. 
I AM GOING TO RAJ HOTEL WITH MY COLLEGE FRIENDS THAT EVENT IS VERY HAPPY MOMENT
Weare secure enough to admit that even the dictionary has limits, and weave decided to experiment with those boundaries of ineffability. In the comments below, share a specific example where you could not find words to describe your emotion, concept, object, condition a you name it. Also, if you read someone else's comment and think of an existing word that you feel does describe the ineffable example, share it as well. Letas expand the power of words and help each other in the process. Dictionary.com editors will occasionally highlight examples and perhaps contribute suggestions. We canat wait to learn from all of you.
The another event which made me happy was the dinner with family together after so long. my mom was feeling so great after my father came back from business trip. she made favourite dish of everyone. so i am happy to eat my favourite dish today along with my favourite ice cream. its just yummyyyyyy. 
I finally had some time over the weekend to play some video games. That is a rare occurrence for me to be able to do that these days. 
I finally had some time over the weekend to play some video games. That is a rare occurance for me to be able to do that these days. 
life is good in my mamare is good my sex lil life is vary trio in life 24 gales in nite oooooooo best in comland my life in 24 bud seee good inThe first sentence is the topic sentence: it tells what the paragraph is about.but supper in mu life 
We were undecided for lunch, and ended up passing by a Portillo's, where we got delicious burgers and fries.

This aone happy momenta is described in more detail by Dryden and has the ability to keep out Time and Death, when they would seize us [the lovers]a which again illustrates the mystical powers of love (line 14). Personally, this idea seems very related to John Keatsa aOde on a Grecian Urn,a specifically his images of a man lusting after a woman: aShe cannot fade, though thou hast not thy bliss, / For ever wilt thou love, and she be faira (Keats)! In Keatsa poem, the idea that love is everlasting and transcends time is present since he describes an image of a man and woman forever etched on a Grecian urn. In Drydenas love poem, he too writes about how this aone happy momenta has the ability to disregard time a the lovers are truly living in the moment.

Itas a day designated to take a step back, look at ourselves, and think about what weave witnessed and what weave experienced over the past year. Itas not just a celebration of one day. Itas a celebration, and a remembrance, of everything that's happened 
I look at people holding hands in the hallways, and I try to think about how it all works. At the school dances, I sit in the background, and I tap my toe, and I wonder how many couples will dance to 'their song.' In the hallways, I see the girls wearing the guys jackets, and I think about the idea of property. And I wonder if anyone is really happy. I hope they are. I really hope they are.
Today they had crispy bacon at my University's cafeteria, something that doesn't happen too often.
A man makes tenction for others property.
When you've finished a really good book and you just put it down on your lap and stare into space for a couple minutes because you need to collect yourself and return to reality.
We all feel very motivated do our job the best way we can when we have a very good training program. Thereby you can receive better feedback  you can work more focused and you can improve your skills when you know you'll be rewarded.Studies have shown that exercise raises happiness levels just as much as Zoloft does. Exercising also boosts your self-esteem and gives you a higher sense of self-accomplishment
i came to wonderla amazing water games enjoyed a lot with family especially with my beloved wife
Happy people ask themselves, will this problem matter a year from now?a They understand that life's too short to get worked up over trivial situations. Letting things roll off your back will definitely put you at ease to enjoy the more important things in life.
My daughter and  her boyfriend decided to make  some poutine for dinner  last night. I havent  had   it  since  my canadian girlfriend broke up with me.  
in the birth of a child  Meaning, pronunciation, is vary good in my filing games to drink in good Meaning, pronunciation, example sentences, and more from Oxford Dictionaries. ingood 
I snagged a very short hit on Mturk, it was $5, short, interesting subject matter, and includes an additional hit today for an extra $5...sweet.
Yesterday late night got a big reward amount task from a requester after so many requests and it was such an intersting task which I like very much and rewarded me as soon as I finish the task which made me really happy and I am still thinking of it.
happy in my life in good work in make the cakes ahead of time, then you'll be able to focus on the decorations ... List of Sentence Connectors in English with Examples! ... the big time idiom ... Used to describe someone who is very happy and full of energy. well good my life in haills  in  happen to me; such a thing that would make me stop and look back at the events in awe.
Besides the job promotion, I also passed my Nationals PTCB meaning I'm nationally certified Pharmacy Technician now. It took me about a year to finish the course. A lot of restless nights, hard work, and studying led me to this. I wouldn't have done this if it wasn't for my family. It was such a hard exam to pass, but being able to pass it made me feel proud of my accomplishment. Even till now, I can't get over it.
my life in my husband sex is well good day in my life dailly sex in my life varry varry enjing my life in My mom used to come home from school and spontaneously bake once in a while. Cookies, cake or whatever, but my sister and I would get to lick the beaters and bowl. in ,my life in world 
Mcdonald's is thinking about bringing back the szechuan sauce they originally released in 1998, and I'm looking forward to sampling that. 
I was selected as a recipient of a goodwill award at work.
I went to my parent's house and had BBQ steak.
my neobux account got new level
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
Happy people understand that itas better to forgive and forget than to let their negative feelings crowd out their positive feelings. Holding a grudge has a lot of detrimental effects on your wellbeing, including increased depression, anxiety, and stress. Why let anyone who has wronged you have power over you? If you let go of all your grudges, you'll gain a clear conscience and enough energy to enjoy the good things in life.
well com in my happy event in my life is good my self confptand Don't sweat the small stuff. Happy people ask themselves my life is vare good  and I would climb into my parents' bed with my dad and just talk for hours in the dark. sex my life i well good in my work 
every moment of my life is happy becz i leave the life in 
present but happiest moment when achieve in life some new
Spending the whole day with my girlfriend, I feel very comfortable around her and honestly time flees while I'm with her
My daughter Lily came home from her father's  house. Everytime I see her smile my heart melts and she makes me happier then anything. 
Actually yesterday evening i for the firsttime i prepared a home made facepack by using different flowers i bought, to my cute sister, which she liked so much, which made me really happy.
Resilient people tend to have what psychologists call an internal locus of controla. They believe the actions they take will affect the outcome of an event. Another characteristic of resilience is the understanding that life is full of challenges. While business leaders cannot avoid many of these problems, they can remain open, flexible and willing to adapt to change.
It was just another evening and I was busy doing some shopping and other stuff. My phone rang, it was my friend on the other side. I picked the call, which post have you got buddy!!a Nervously, I told him aBhai mazak mat kar!!a I mean I knew, it was all over fb pages and whatsapp groups that SSC-CGL 2014 is soon to be declared. But it was all rumor for weeks. aBhai sach bol raha hu. Check your name on the lista. Darn!! This seems real now. So I jumped on my motorcycle and broom zoom. 
Hundreds of thoughts was running in my mind. Hopes and despair at the same time. There are very few moments in anyoneas life, which will defy all the known definitions of happiness or hope or despair. These emotions cannot be shared verbally or by any other mean of communication. Then you realize this is your moment, not meant to be shared with anyone. This is just for you and only for you. 
With all of this, I rushed to my room, hit the laptop on. As expected and adding to the anxiety, SSC site was down due to the heavy traffic. Till this time, my mom, dad and sister all surrounded me. I still remember the parents expressions. They seems to say silently, aDonat worry beta, everything gonna be alrighta. Now that, the result pdf downloaded so 'Ctrl+Fa entered my roll number. Now the list was quite long (2400 pages). Second by second, my heart paces faster and faster. I can feel sweat on my palms. The blankness of any expression from my face. Eyelids stopped blinking. And then the magic happened. My moment of happiness arrived. Months of relentless 
Today I got the job and right now when i search for the survey you guys are asking this question how co-coincidence it is..
Yesterday morning my college friends came to my home and we have enjoyed lot and had lot of foods and watched many movies and video songs, comedy videos. Theyare planning to go summer trips and they decided to invite me thatas why they came to home, I accept their invitation and I request them stay here we will watch lot of movies and I will prepare tasty food we will eat and enjoy and I request them we shouldn't drink alcohol and smoking because I donat like the alcohol and smoking. They accept my request and I prepared tasty foods they helped me to prepare the food. We enjoyed lot, yesterday was big day for me. Good and healthy enjoyment. Makes me very happy. Thank you.
I went to the tirupathi temple and worshiped lord venkateswara.My mind got relaxed.
Ordinary people seek entertainment. Extraordinary people seek education and learning. It is common for the world's most successful people to read at least one book per week. They are constantly learning.

I can easily get through one audiobook per week by just listening during my commute to school and while walking on campus. Taking even 15a30 minutes every morning to read uplifting and instructive information changes you. It puts you in the zone to perform at your highest.
is something small-i just restive a order i was made from alliexpres...wow is so fast 
My husband and my daughter brought the dogs and dinner to the beach last night after I got odd work for an impromptu beach picnic.
Ho my god Prison break is back on!This show is awesome!
 I had time to vacuum and mop.
Making a lovely new meal with a new recipe I've never tried before and having everyone love it.
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy .
I really like the game show match game and it came back on tv last night so I watched it for an hour and really enjoyed it
I bought a $1 scratcher ticket earlier today and won $40.
I was happy when I received a bonus on nan today.
We went Mahalaxshmi temple yesterday evening at 6.30pm .So many public in inside the temple.We pray the god 30min ,then we ate pongal prasadam in temple.We purchase some items in out side the temple then we back our home.
I resolved late payments of my bills. If I hadn't done this, I probably would've gotten a penalty for late payment.
We played with water and watch so many foreign peoples there it was new experience
I and my wife both were staying at balcony in the night for 1 hour, we both were speaking about our sweet memories since we proposed love then unto marriage.
Yesterday my grandmother suddenly came to my house from her village and brought me a new fruit which i had never seen before, it was like a cocktail mix fruits taste, which i liked it, which made be feel really happy.
There are two types of people in the world: those who choose to be happy, and those who choose to be unhappy. Contrary to popular belief, happiness doesnt come from fame, fortune, other people, or material possessions. Rather, it comes from within. The richest person in the world could be miserable while a person living in the slums of a third world country could be happy and content
Yesterday evening 18:00 o clock we visited the cricket ground for how is it the ground? very clean and able play matches and checked the lights also, its working fine or not, because next weekend we will play the cricket matches. Thatas an big tournament, we will play day and night match. So me and my friends checked the entire ground. I thought ground was excellent, my friends also told me ground is perfect, confidently we will win the match and you will score lot of runs because you're perfect player in off side, this ground off side is too big so you can hit singles and twos easily will score lot of runs. Really Iam happy about what my friend told. Because my friend knows about me very much. I feel Iam so lucky have these friends. So sweet of them. Thank you friends.
i did sex with my lover last night
I finished reading a manga plots last night, the manga is called Douluo dalu, very fun to read.
Marriage also smacks you in the face with what's really important in life. Sure, hanging out and partying are fun. But too many people get stuck in this phase and miss the meaning that comes from building a life with someone.

You will never find a better personal development seminar or book than marriage. It will highlight all of your flaws and weaknesses, challenging you to become a better person than you ever thought possible.
I shared my sister's post on FaceBook that is promoting her new artistic creations for sale.
My son is singing 'zipedee do dah zipedee day, my oh my what a wonderful day.' non stop.  When asked why,  he said that he's feeling happy. And he's happy because of me. 
My happiest moment is my college days,because weekly two or three days we bunk the class and go to film, beach any resort. this is my happiest moment.
yesterday we made a shopping along with my wife and she enjoys the shopping with good variety of sarees and chudidhars by selecting the appropriate.She also insist me to purchase a new shirt and purchased. We enjoyed very happily with this shopping.
Watching my friend EternalEnvy have fun playing his favorite game.
While walking in at Kailua-Kona's "Old Airport Park" a group of teenagers were walking on a trampoline that was connected to two solid trees. It was very interesting how they managed to walk on the trampoline. It was very pleasant to watch their agility.
Evening played in beach and went for dinner night time.in forgettable moments
Actually yesterday I helped a fallen helpless cow on ride side near my house, by providing it water and vegetables to eat, after which the cow slowly moved and got up later, which made me really very happy.
The summer has started and the borewells are dry and people find it hard to get water . Luckily our surrounding areas were supplied water by the local body after a long week which made everyone of us happy.
I ate ice cream.
I was happy when I skipped class today.
i make AEROPLANE with waste plastic
Your body gets an intervention when you fast. Your mind and relationships could use one, too. Unplug yourself from the matrix.

If you havent caught on already, human beings are highly addictive creatures. We love our coffee, sugar and Internet. And these things are all great. But our lives can be far more enhanced by using these tools in wisdom.

The purpose of the Internet fast is to reconnect to yourself and your loved ones. So, you probably shouldn't do it the same day you do your food fast. Because eating is one of the strongest ways to form bonds.
I had chicken curry for dinner which was scrumptious
I cooked a new recipe with my mom which I saw on youtube.
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
This parody was super spot on, and hilarious: http://fuckyourworriesla.com/our-story/
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
I WAS GOING FOR TEMPLE IN  MEENATCHI TEMPLE YESTERDAY.

My happiest moment in my life s......for my 20th birthday my dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly dat day i was so exited....i cant forgt dat day in my life,dat was my first suprise gvn by my dad..
my memorable day is my school days. i enjoy a lot with my school friend 9and 10class ..we sat last bench. we dnt no ay abt subject i always be failed in all exams.bt last time in 10th I am passed .so surprise for me. so i finally passed....
Actually today morning i prepared a special noodles for my cute little sister, which she liked very much, this made me very happy.
There are two types of people in the world: those who choose to be happy, and those who choose to be unhappy. Contrary to popular belief, happiness doesn't come from fame, fortune, other people, or material possessions. Rather, it comes from within
today morning walked with my pets in our coconut grove and drunk coconut water. its too tasty and energetic. 
I had received the compliments form my boss for the successful completion of the stock updating task.
Eating for in nan with friends
When I picked up my foster daughter from daycare, she came running and said "Hi" which was so cute and exciting because she's just learning to talk. 
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy .
John Oliver's #nan is also hilarious, for instance, this one is probably my favorite (now I have to watch it again! Warning - very graphic violence, being it's Game of Thrones, so of course there is): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NReKAsy4xzg
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy
We are all going to temple in meenatchi amman . So we are all enjoy this moment
it is funny how big of an impact she have on me. it's been a
year i thought im already over with her, but im wrong.so wrong.
i'm still the guy who's madly in love with her.
My happiest moment in my life s......for my 20th Birthday my dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly dat day i was so exited....i cant forgt dat day in my life,dat was my first suprise gvn by my dad..
 I felt that I 
would not get better marks in that becz, from 10th I 
studied in urdu medium but BA was in kannda medium. 

Drinking a ginger tea , thatas all there is , this week hasn't been very exciting or happy , in fact itas been rather tiring and stressful but itas fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.
Yesterday while i was in my balcony, suddenly i saw two pigeons playing in love chasing each other, seeing this which made be really happy.
Today Hindu festival sriramanavmi i celebrate it.
Playing football with my son in the yard. He's just learning how to throw a football and its fun teaching him. Just watching the joy it brings to him when he catches the ball or throws is properly is wonderful.
We all colleague are gathered at Mr. Sumesh's house to celebrate his kid's birthday.
i well good cricket in good ball well pilay in my life in tamilnadu fillar saw significant improvements in memory and six hour chats boosted ... When asked to complete questions about how they felt, those who read ... in my life in world in drink in good well in my best in my life in well enjing good life 
I ate chik-fil-a
I helped set up and proctor an online class. The students were happy when I got it working.
my baby achieved school first in competition,that was giving very proud and unbelievable moment and happiest moment for me
i could still
remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face. i want to
share my bad days with her, my laughters, my tears,my sorrows or
even the rain, i miss her most wen i lie awake at night
and think all about the wonderful times that we spent
in each others arms,for those were the best happiest moments 
in my life that i will remember
every moment of my life is happy becz i leave the life in 
present but happiest moment when achieve in life some new.
my memorable day is my school days. i enjoy a lot with my school friend 9and 10class ..we sat in last bench. we dnt no ay abt subject i always be failed in all exams.bt last time in 10th I am passed .so surprise for me. so i finally passed....
 But I 
didn't get nerous I studdied harder I struggle more and 
practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it 
is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.
My happiest moment is my college days,because weekly two or three days we bunk the class and go to film, beach any resort. this is my happiest moment.
I started to study nan geetha.
I completed one DIY project I started a few days ago and it turned out just as I expected - really nice.
Our team at work initiating teach initiative and i have volunteered for it.
So long network error of our institution got rectified and we enjoyed the full speed internet connection 
This monday I went to a vintage market, I had fun going around to see vintage objects  
every moment of my life is happy becz i leave the life in 
present but happiest moment when achieve in life some new.

Last night I watched an episode of amounam sammathama with my Mom and Little sister soumya after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks
From the last 4-5 days I'm having a cold , I don't even feeling the fresh air in and my nose stuck badly, but today finally I'm well now and able to feel the breathe in and out, feeling fresh air. Being able to breathe through your nose after having a cold give me a relief feeling, which I'm feeling today and Iam happy a lot.
I bbq'd some ribs! I love ribs!
I barbecued some ribs! I love ribs!
It was my son convocation
I finally got my first ever smartwatch after saving up when I've wanted one for a few years and I'm having so much fun testing out new apps and watch faces.
My grand father and grand mother today 60th marriage family members all are very happy and joyful
This amazing trip was one of the most happy moments I have experienced. I felt like a little child flying in a balloon. The pilot was very trustworthy and full of life. I felt during all the flight that the safety of the passengers was the primary thought on the pilots head. A must for all travellers going to Cappadocia. The view is amazing, and Emre is a plate full.

Yesterday I received a surprise package in the mail from my close friend in Maryland. She just opened a new business and sent me sample pieces of clothing to help advertise. I was so thrilled!
good will happy in my life in my event in varu good inmy life in I am Tell me about a special contribution you have made to your employer. ..... stress of being yelled at and gave him what he wanted, so I'm happy.happy in my life well good haillth in my life ve good life good wyif well my happy in my life wee good big happy
A mom of a girl I teach sent me a text asking if I screenshotted her pic on snapchat. I replied, "guilty", and she quickly replied by sending another picture of her smiling and said "you could have just asked". 
I purchased tickets to Planet Comicon KC and a photo op with John Barrowman for my 60th birthday.
I took my son to SkyZone and he participated the whole time without a meltdown!
An experience like this made me think about my place in life. Iam the type who loves seeking out adventures. When we were lost, I realized that I had everything I would ever need with me a my family. Theyave always supported me in everything I do. This experience made me realize that families need to stick together; you donat realize how much you need them until, for a moment, you think they'll be the last people you see for the rest of your life. 
Yesterday i went to my friends son marriage and i was very happy because i was able to see all my old friends there and we chatted all together and spend the time happily.
I received my facial wash in the mail today.
my memorable day is my school days. i enjoy a lot with my school friend 9and 10class ..we sat in last bench. we dnt no ay abt subject i always be failed in all exams.bt last time in 10th I am passed .so surprise for me. so i finally passed....
But I didn't get nerous I studdied harder I struggle more and 
practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it 
is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.
My happiest moment in my life s......for my 20th birthday my dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly dat day i was so exited....i cant forgt dat day in my life,dat was my first suprise gvn by my dad..
It was during the convocation occasion enjoyed with my sons friends and family.
i will good happy in my life in What changes would you make if you came on board? .... For example, try putting a positive spin on events and situations you would normally ..... I'll be happy doing this work and that's what matters most to me, a lot more that  work in good happy in my chillarn in my family in good happy in 
Last night my wife prepared me my favorite food Angus hamburgers.
I purchased a squeaky toy for my german shepherd. He was very happy with the toy and pranced around the living room showing everyone in the family the new toy.
I got a sweet deal on preworkout at gnc.
I watch on a daily base my favorite YouTube channel from a very talented person. Last night I finally signed up to his extra bonus video on a monthly payment to help out the show and keep the channel growing.
Man afraiding with  his own underwear.
A movie I was highly anticipated was finally announced with director and writer.
i'm still the guy who's madly inlove with her.i could still
remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face. i want to
share my bad days with her, my laughters, my tears,my sorrows or
even the rain, i miss her most wen i lie awake at night
and think all about the wonderful time that we spent
in each others arms,for those were the best happiest moments 
in my life that i will remember
my memorable day is my school days. i enjoy a lot with my school friend 9and 10class ..we sat in last bench. we dnt no ay abt subject i always be failed in all exams.bt last time in 10th I am passed .so surprise for me. so i finally passed....
My happiest moment in my life s......for my 20th birthday my dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly dat day i was so exited....i cant forgt dat day in my life,dat was my first suprise gvn by my dad..
Yesterday evening 17:45 o clock I went to airport to receive my aunty, she came from Australia, so I went to airport to receive her. Yes she came to me and I kept her bags in my car, then started to reach home. She said wait wait!! I want to gift you personally, donat tell to anyone. She was gifted Rolex watch!!! Wow. I was excited and said many thanks to her. She said you're like my son, so I gifted this. Donat tell thanks itas my pleasure. I was extremely excited and very happy. So sweet of her. Love you aunty!! Thank you.
I felt that I 
would not get better marks in that because, from 10th I 
studied in urdu medium but BA was in kannda medium. 
i'm still the guy who's madly inlove with her.i could still
remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face. i want to
share my bad days with her, my laughters, my tears,my sorrows or
even the rain, i miss her most wen i lie awake at night
and think all about the wonderful times that we spent
in each others arms,for those were the best happiest moments 
in my life that i will remember
Every moment of my life is happy Because I leave the life in present but happiest moment when achieve in life some new.
 was struggling at college, having a hard time studying and trying to get higher grades. I had an exam yesterday. after it a friend told me aIam proud of you! your persistance despite everything you've been through is remarkable and I admire you for ita
I PLAYED A AWESOME MUSIC WITH MY ROCK BAND HAPPILY. THAT MOVEMENT WAS REALLY MAKE ME HAPPY
Taking the dog for a walk for boosting contentment make me feel happy, getting wet in rain makes me feel happy, taking care of adults makes me happy.
My youngest child made it to the potty without soiling her underwear
work in m,y life in happy in my life And a complete feedback that has only the best intentions can transform your day in a ... Whether it's keeping up on current events, a new hobby or interest or simply any new ... What other small things have made you happy during your work hours? good health in my happy in my happy 
A former bandmate stopped by for a visit.
We killed mythic trilliax
My happiest moment in my life s......for my 20th birthday my dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly dat day i was so exited....i cant forgt dat day in my life,dat was my first suprise gvn by my dad..
my memorable day is my school days. i enjoy a lot with my school friend 9and 10class ..we sat in last bench. we dnt no ay abt subject i always be failed in all exams.bt last time in 10th I am passed .so surprise for me. so i finally passed....
my memorable day is my school days. i enjoy a lot with my school friend 9and 10class ..we sat in last bench. we dnt no ay abt subject i always be failed in all exams.bt last time in 10th I am passed .so surprise for me. so i finally passed....
my memorable day is my school days. i enjoy a lot with my school friend 9and 10class ..we sat in last bench. we dnt no ay abt subject i always be failed in all exams.bt last time in 10th I am passed .so surprise for me. so i finally passed....
Yesterday was my birthday, throughout the dayfrom coworkers I was getting unexpected birthday wishes from people who I would never guess would even remember. 
Biology being able to make a decision on MY time, based on MY preferences and resources. That feeling is everything.A friend sent me a picture of two giant pigeon statues with a French pun about 'pigeons voyageurs.aI was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me aI donat know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this mucha
Yesterday morning I went bank for activate my internet banking for my account, and enquire about my mom bank account also. I wrote the letter and filled the application form for activate internet banking, finally I finished all of formalities then asked about my mom bank account they replied your mom kept good balance so we have increased interest rate  for your mom account. Youare valuable customer to our bank, We will help you anytime, Thank you for being our customer. I was happy about this wishes and my mom. Yes my mom doesn't waste the money she likes to save the money always. So I will also follow the mom habits and save money.
They will hate you if you are beautiful. They will hate you if you are successful. They will hate you if you are right. They will hate you if you are popular. They will hate you when you get attention. They will hate you when people in their life like you. They will hate you if you worship a different version of their God. They will hate you if you are spiritual. They will hate you if you have courage. They will hate you if you have an opinion. They will hate you when people support you. They will hate you when they see you happy. Heck, they will hate you while they post prayers and religious quotes on Pinterest and Facebook. They just hate. However, remember this: They hate you because you represent something they feel they donat have. It really isn't about you. It is about the hatred they have for themselves. So smile today because there is something you are doing right that has a lot of people thinking about you.
I am Amutha .My family is very hardwork and happy movement in every life.
today i went to the office and did some extrodinary changes That made me really happy. and i am really happy to help
I was playing a video game, H1z1l King of the Hill. Its a hard game to play if you don't have the time to play it a lot. There is a ton of frustration that goes with it but when you win its worth it. Anyways I won finally after putting in like 10 hours into the game. It was a good feeling considering I'm a console player and this is the first PC multiplayer game I've played in about a decade. 
I felt sad because i had forgetten where i keep my bicycle key. Then my mom found out that key then i will get ready to come to the office. Then i really felt happy.
Summer is very bad weather for plants and trees in India. As the temp in our city goes up to 45 degrees C .  Today while watering the plants I noticed that leaves were dropped like a tired man due hot weather and they got the strength to stand as soon as they got water.  Its nature's happiness being shown by plants after watering.
In our area the people conduct indoor outdoor playing games that gives me relaxation to the mind and i enjoyed lots of lots with my parents and friends its one of the happy movement
There are two types of people in the world: those who choose to be happy, and those who choose to be unhappy. Contrary to popular belief, happiness doesnt come from fame, fortune, other people, or material possessions. 
I was love with gokila very love and very nice in the life in yesterday.. 
I was able to identify an offage at work near $100,000 that was throwing off our reconciliation.  I was able to pinpoint the issue and received praise from upper management.
we family went to our child school function.ha got first prize in sports category
we family went to our child school function.ha got first prize in sports category
Happy people ask themselves, will this problem matter a year from now?a They understand that life is too short to get worked up over trivial situations. Letting things roll off your back will definitely put you at ease to enjoy the more important things in life.
Yesterday my mom cooked sausage with plaintails
I am so happy that today is Friday and payday!
I felt that I 
would not get better marks in that becz, from 10th I 
studied in urdu medium but BA was in kannda medium. But I 
didn't get nerous I studdied harder I struggle more and 
practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it 
is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.

It means when we get the desired one in our lif, that is 
the most happiest momen. the happiest movent is change to 
person to person and time to tie, as far as regarding my 
moment is concened when got admission in BA. I felt that I 
would not get better marks in that becz, from 10th I 
studied in urdu medium but BA was in kannda medium. But I 
didn't get nerous I studdied harder I struggle more and 
practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it 
is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.

It means when we get the desired one in our lif, that is 
the most happiest momen. the happiest movent is change to 
person to person and time to tie, as far as regarding my 
moment is concened when got admission in BA. I felt that I 
would not get better marks in that becz, from 10th I 
studied in urdu medium but BA was in kannda medium. But I 
didn't get nerous I studdied harder I struggle more and 
practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it 
is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.

I heared the good news of sanctioned loan to me from my company made me very happy and enjoyed with my family for the all day and still feeling it.
Drinking a ginger tea , thatas all there is , this week hasn't been very exciting or happy , in fact itas been rather tiring and stressful but itas fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.
When two songs you love play back to back on the radio makes me feel happy,  When you've finished a really good book and you just put it down on your lap and stare into space for a couple minutes because you need to collect yourself and return to reality make me feel happy, Surprises,Good surprises makes me feel happy.
Yesterday 12:30 I was checking emails and sending replies for that emails, that time my friend john was came to home and he asked me you should help me. I said yeah sure I will help you. He asked me my laptop for his project presentation yes I closed my email accounts and told him to take my laptop and when complete your project work then give to me. He was shocked and told hey now you're checking emails but when I asked you suddenly closed emails account and ready to help me. Youare great!! Iam so lucky have you, thank you. I love our friendship and your respect of friendship. I was happy and replied hey donat think serious Iam your friend I should help you.
I am a mother .My family is very hardwork and happy movement in every life.
today i went to the office and did some extrodinary changes that made me really happy. and i am really happy to help
my family was hangout together as usual at friday morning
spend nan visiting with my cousin at last saturday.that movement was i feel happily
Actually yesterday night when power came back after it was cutoff for fewhours made me feel so much happy, as it it hot summer now.
we planned to go to tour on summer vocation.my father showed me a  buying tickets. i was surprised
The song aHappya is just a couple seconds short of 4 minutes long. The whole video consists of a series different sections,a each of which lasts exactly 4 minutes, over which the song is played. So there are 360 sections total. Most of the sections consist of someone dancing towards a camera that is slowly backing away from them. There are of course variations in number of people and movement of camera (and there are several sections that are all about motor vehicles).
After many days i see my boy friend and i happy to see him i loved him very much we went to park and we talk about lots about our future it is one of the best feeling
Happiness, a main goal of modern life, undeniable becomes the biggest concern of the world. An increasing number of people pay more attention on that ones job or social life which has more influences on our happiness. Different people have view this issue in different angle. Nevertheless, I hold the idea that both my job and social life are important to my happiness and both of them serve indispensable functions.

To begin with, a secure job meets my fundamental demands. With a job, I can receive payment, which supports my personal expenses such as paying for a meal, purchasing a fashion dress, renew my apartment and so forth. All these are the security to ensure my independent life and the source of freedom and happiness. Without a job, it is impossible for me to live a happy life. In this case, indeed, my job enjoys a vital impact on my happiness.

Furthermore, social life, also a necessary part of modern life, has a profound effect on everyone. As far as Iam concerned, social life contains that keeping an inmate relationship with friends, family and co-workers. It would be hard to imagine if one have a terrible social life or even have no social life, how out-dated he or she will be and how tedious his or her life will be. Every year, I will spend my holidays traveling with my friends and family during which we can take beautiful photos and share private life stories with each other. These unforgettable memories are my lifelong measures and bring me endless happiness.

To sum up, my job and my social life serve as different benefits. And they are equally important and both beneficial to my happiness. My job meets the needs and expenses of my daily life, providing sufficient physical fundaments which are the security of a happy life. In addition, my social life allows me to keep a harmony relationship with friends and family and brings a source of happiness. In turn, both my job.
Everyone works at his own pace, so why compare yourself to others? If you think you're better than someone else, you gain an unhealthy sense of superiority. If you think someone else is better than you, you end up feeling bad about yourself. Youall be happier if you focus on your own progress and praise others on theirs.
Went to my favorite seafood restaurant for dinner and ordered my favorite food. (Scallops)
I am the new job recruiter
my memorable day is my school days. i enjoy a lot with my school friend 9and 10class ..we sat in last bench. we dnt no ay abt subject i always be failed in all exams.bt last time in 10th I am passed .so surprise for me. so i finally passed....
My happiest moment in my life s......for my 20th birthday my dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly dat day i was so exited....i cant forgt dat day in my life,dat was my first suprise gvn by my dad..
I AM GO TO HILL STATION WITH MY FRIEND AND FIRECAMP AND DANCING FULL CELEBRATION AND ENJOYED
my memorable day is my school days. i enjoy a lot with my school friend 9and 10class ..we sitted in last bench. we dnt no ay abt subject i always be failed in all exams.bt last time in 10th I am passed .so surprise for me. so i finally passed....
my memorable day is my school days. i enjoy a lot with my school friend 9and 10class ..we sat in last bench. we dnt no ay abt subject i always be failed in all exams.bt last time in 10th I am passed .so surprise for me. so i finally passed....
I ate dinner, which was a bowl of chili and habaneros. afterwards, I ate a parfait for desert, that has black berries and strawberries on top
I was struggling at college, having a hard time studying and trying to get higher grades. I had an exam yesterday. after it a friend told me aIam proud of you! your persistance despite everything you've been through is remarkable and I admire you for ita
I was happy when I cooked a new recipe, turkey meatball stroganoff, and it turned out well! Even after I substitute greek yogurt for heavy cream to make it healthier, the end result was still delicious! 
Yesterday night I went to check my bike petrol tank, because I was ride with bike many places and parks so I thought petrol will be empty tomorrow morning we should fill the tank. So I was checked, but petrol tank is not empty, 10% petrol saved in tank. I was happy and how we saved the petrol yes finally found it yes I was riding highway that's why. So I was excited and very happy, moving forward I will follow to drive bike in highway. This is superb and good idea.!!
I WENT TO MOVIE IN EATING FOR POPCORN
I am Amutha .My family is very hardwork and happy movement in every life.
today i went to the office and did some extrodinary changes that made me really happy. and i am really happy to help
I SPENT A FULL DAY WITH MY WOODBEE
YESTERDAY WE WENT FOR PICNIC TRIP TO HILL STATION VERY WONDERFUL CLIMATE APPEARS THERE AND BEAUTIFUL PLACES AND NATURAL sceneries I HAD A BEST TIME WITH MY FAMILY AND THE PLACES 
My prepared nan for me its my favourite am going have it mom stop today 
I WENT TO SHOPPING MALL
Honestly, I wouldnat even know who Pharrell Williams was if it weren't for the fact that he kinda became the voice of Daft Punk in 2013; he does the lead vocals on both aGet Luckya and aLose Yourself to Dance.a But heas a musician and producer in his own right (just not in the styles of music to which I normally listen).
my grandma cooked me for palkova and rasokala its is very tasteful by eating this the taste is toched in my tongue still now
Nowadays, people live in a busier world stuffed with endless routines from the work than that in the past. Besides the decent job that one might have, enjoying the wonderful and trustful social life are something worth pursuing as well. However, it seems that everyone in the workplace just wants to get his/her jobs done, and it is apparently that one always shares less interaction with people than that in the social life. Thereby, I disagree with the description above. To reinforce my statement, here are the reasons behind it.

First of all, for instance of mine, a regular job doesn't occupy much of my personal time. There are over half of the day allowing me to live in the world out of the daily annoyed work. Therefore, I feel enjoyable to manage my social life. I get used to writing my personal blog, answering the questions that someone else leaves. I interact with huge variety of people, discussing with the latest trends in technology or society. Moreover, I meet different friends with wide diversity of characteristics in some atmospheric cafes nearby where I live. Those kinds of feelings of connecting with people truthfully rather than in the relationship of employees and employers always help me open my mind spontaneously to others. 

Secondly, managing such a great social life grants me sense of achievement and happiness. Some may liken how successful the one could be in work to how much happiness can enjoy in life, but I am not on that side. A wonderful social life consists of tons of friends is something that can last longer, because there is always some day that we will leave our job. Without devoting much of our time then, we may acquire sense of loneliness if we donat have a robust or trustworthy relationships with others. Friends made in the job is highly prone to lose connections when you and friends of yours no longer work together or share the same goal. Besides, the friendships built off work have those sort of conflicts less. 
Junk food makes you sluggish, and itas difficult to be happy when youare in that kind of state. Everything you eat directly affects your body's ability to produce hormones, which will dictate your moods, energy, and mental focus. Be sure to eat foods that will keep your mind and body in good shape.
It sounds silly but I NEVER make it in time to Sknic to get their happy hot price on a slushy but I did today. I even ordered the extra large since it was 93 degrees out and I was outside ALL day!
I was visiting pilgrimage, a church in kamanaickanpatti, near kovilpatti
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
Yesterday night I went to my friend home to ask about his mother health condition, because her mother was admitted at hospital for cardiac arrest it was second attack, my friend was very disappointed and his mind was very stressful and unclear he think he will loss his mother, When I saw him at his home he was very cried and felt very sad, I told him donat worry I will help you for your mother heart operation, We will take your to Singapore and I will take care of your mother donat worry. He replied thank you so much and crying and holding my hand. I was shocked and I said donat worry anymore. I will manage your credits and I will pay the hospital bills, he said you're so great!!! Thank you and he smiled, I too smiled and happy. Thank you.
It is my habit that as soon as I wake up in the morning,I first see the morning sun.Today when I did the same, I was so happy to see the rising sun like a big ball of fire and by the side were 2 stars like bodyguards !! Amazing today which I can cherish for the whole day !!
My cat let me sleep on him for a couple of hours, I smelled his fur while I cried, and he purred, I knew someone cared
I had bubbakoo's burritos with my family for dinner, and it was so good!
I went to shopping and got discount up to 25% for sunglasses.
I found out that my house had been thoroughly bug prayed in preparation for spring.
I WENT A BARBEQUE RESTAURANT AND EAT ALL NON VEG DISHES WITH MY NEIGHBOURS .
one day I am going in to  the ground, suddenly one sound also following with me, I thought its devil, if I stop no sound is coming, I feared a lot, its continuing till my destination, after reaching home I told to my parents, they laughed me, then next I am changing my cloths in bed room then I saw my pant buckle is stitches are removed and its touching to other button, then sound is coming , after seeing that situation, I feel so Happy, felt no devil is following me,i feel very very happy on that entire day.
A dinner of two nan and a shrimp with vegetable on linguini made me very happy. 
I finally finished a jigsaw puzzle that has been in progress on my coffee table for several weeks now.
Many people take this week off from work and school to spend time with their families. The holidays are a good time to strengthen our connections and renew relationships. So turn off the cell phones, computers and televisions and take time to focus on your family.
  Research shows that families who spend time together are strong families. They communicate better and share a sense of belonging. Here are a few ideas you can try to spend time with your family.
     * Family game night. Spend at least one night during the holidays with the TV off and the family huddled together to play a favorite game. You may play cards, bingo or any other family favorite. Consider continuing this practice throughout the year and designate at least one night per week as family game night.
     * Go for a walk. After eating rich holiday foods, taking a walk provides not only time together but a great way to get some exercise.
     * Movie night. Rent a movie or watch a TV holiday special, pop some popcorn, and kick back for some family fun. Like game night, this may be something you'd like to continue throughout the year as a way to spend time together.
     * Play outdoors together. You can ride bikes, play ball, or go for a hike. Itall give the entire family some fresh air, exercise and great fun.
     * Go shopping. Hang out together while shopping at the after Christmas sales.
      * Cook together. Parents and kids can do the holiday baking and food preparation together. Even the youngest children can wash vegetables, set the table, or ice cookies.
     * Spend some one-on-one time with each child if you have more than one. Spending time alone provides time to bond with the child and helps him gain a sense of belonging and feeling of importance. It also provides an opportunity for the two of you to get to know each other better.
     * Since grandparents and older family members usually visit during the holidays, take time to share family customs and tell stories about past generations. Families build strength when they share family customs and traditions give family members a sense of belonging, and they strengthen values and beliefs. 
     One of the greatest gifts of the holiday season is the gift of time with family. Spend time together to strengthen relationships and to make wonderful family memories. Strong families spend time with each other - quality time in large quantities. So begin during the holidays and continue making time for each other throughout the year.
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy 
A simple WhatsApp conversation and the fact that I had food to eat I just bought new DSLR and the moment my young kids opened the box my house was full of giggles and chuckles .. Hehe huhu..this made me extremely happy.
Yesterday morning I did watering to my plants, When I was done the watering to my plants. My uncle came to me and ask, really you're good! daily Iam watching you, you're caring lot to these plants I like your habits and I too will follow these things from the tomorrow I will buy some plants and kept it in my home. I would like to make green earth, thank you for teaching this. I replied uncle Iam not teaching you. This is basic things to do in our life. Yes we should keep our earth green and clean air. Thank you for following this. He replied yes thank you and welcome. Youare so nice. I was happy and replied good to hear from you. Thank you.
I fall in love with a girl I'll never know. She sat across from me at Starbucks, unknowingly stealing my breath away. Yes I'll never see her again, but for that hour I was in love.
I get a dog his name is ROMIO, I love him so much he is like a family member,  I'm very happy for this, 
yesterday morning my family and my relatives are went to the temple and we arrange buffet at there and we enjoyed a lot.
I was happy today when I took a bubble bath and added some fun special bath oils to make the experience even more delightful.  
I had another happy moment and it was to have sold a product in my trade and to obtain a profit, that is very vA!sdad very good.

I completed a 40 mile road bike ride safely.
I was happy to have decluttered my home office.
My friend talking about his spermscope.
The happiest moment in my life? When my doctor told me I was completely cured of typhoid.
I got to see my girlfriend finish her first duathlon
i'm still the guy who's madly in love with her.i could still
remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face. i want to
share my bad days with her, my laughters, my tears,my sorrows or
even the rain, i miss her most wen i lie awake at night
and think all about the wonderful timesthat we spent
in each others arms,for those were the best happiest moments 
in my life that i will remember
yesterday morning i attend an interview for the post of marketing executive i was selected among 50 pepole I am so happy to select to that job in that organisation 
Moment.me was launched in 2012. In May 2012, the New York-based startup, founded by Ronny Elkayam, Boaz Adato and Eilon Tirosh, took in $1.5 million USD in seed funding from Blumberg Capital, SingTel Innov8 and private investors. The companyas smart-matching technology, called HintMachine, turns out-of-context digital assets into cohesive shared albums.[1]
I prepped for dinner, made a home made dough and cooked vegetable mix for our strombolli dinner.
The happiest day of my life was when I got the chance to be one of the EMS. I felt like I was being carried away by them because the EMS are expert in lit as well as in linguistics. they are also taught to be a good citizen of our society.
My father in law helped me in some sort of packaging
I ended up getting some free red bulls from the people who drive around in the red bull cars giving away free redbulls.
Then, repeat back what they said and make sure that you are on the same page. ..... You should focus your time and efforts on customers that are happy with you. ... explain that the owner of your business will correspond in writing within 24 ... some time matter how big or smallajust aren't worth the damage you do to ...
happy my life is my life in  mylife in happy in my life wokr in sex drining in my life is good my life is good in my life is happy in my haill firind is good sex in my life in thing like being lost in a forest for ten minutes will affect your outlook on life. Things like not being able to find your way back to where you came from make you appreciate the little things in life. Looking back on the day, I realize now that it was fate. Moments like that are few and far between and should be taken as a lesson. Surprises like this were, and always will good life in life 
I am going through a rough patch in life today. I am at my wits end and feel like just throwing in the towel and giving up. I know this does not sound happy but the happy moment is because of this. I have been married now for six years and felt me and my wife grew apart. My happy moment in the chaos of the day was finding out no matter what my wife loves me and supports me and is willing to stand by me. Something no other person in my life was willing to do. This is my happy moment.
I nan some hot wings. I love eating hot wings! 
the baby set i ordered finally came and i set it up without any issues that i would normally have
last month i celebrated my brother sun birthday in my home i invite my friends and my relatives i enjoyed a lot
I made paninis at lunch and they were very good. 
when i had witnessed my best friend's wedding i was so happy for her
I WAS HAPPY THIS PAST EASTER SNND MY NEPHEW.SSSSSSUNDAY WHEN i SPENT THE DAY WITH MY FATHER ,SON AND MY TWO SISTERS A
last month i am happy in my life in my event in my life is love var is ok my love is siskss I am happy
My boyfriend made some crab hand rolls for lunch for me which was what I wanted.
my wedding anniversary is very biggest happy moment
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
I was the happiest when I got a text back saying that the previous owner of the puppy that I wanted to adopt could no longer provide a suitable home for him and that I could rehome him for half the price I was originally going to have to pay him for. I ended up driving an hour once more to pick him up at Mt. Vernon, and I brought him home the very night. He was so fluffy and he slept the whole way we drove home.
My youtube channel started getting hundreds of thousands of views, and with came the cash. Ad revenue was accumulating and I was making income.
MY dad presented me a new smart phone surprise on my birthday I was so excited. I can't forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad.
My dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday I  was so excited, I can't forget that day in my life, that was my first  surprise given by my dad.
WHEN I AM YOUNG, I WANT TO BE EVERYTHING. THE STATUS OF JOB BECOMES AN nan AND EXPECTATION. EVIDENTLY I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT I WANT TO DO OR BE IN THE FUTURE, WHICH WILL TOTALLY SATISFY MY NEEDS, ENJOYMENT AND MY PARENTS EXPECTATIONS.
My car engine broke down the day after I picked up my brother from the BART. I was planning on picking him up from his apartment in San Francisco from San Jose the night before, but if I had, the engine would've broken down on the freeway while on the way, leaving me stranded in the early morning.
An enevnt that made me happy was the birth of my cousin. My family is separated so we only see each other for special occasions or hiolidays. I was happy to see since this is now my 2nd cousin in my family. Being a only child with no cousins wasn't bad but i looked forward in seeing them grow. Even if im 20 years older then both of them i still happy to have another cousin and not be the youngest in the family anymore.
My wife got me a very thoughtful birthday present. Something I would've never purchased for myself.
A friend of mine was on the verge of crying. She just threw herself at me, clutched at my clothes, and sighed with some relief as I held her tightly. I was overwhelmed she found comfort in my embrace.I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me aI donat know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this muchaI was struggling at college, having a hard time studying and trying to get higher grades. I had an exam yesterday. after it a friend told me aIam proud of you! your persistance despite everything you've been through is remarkable and I admire you for ita
It was in January, we have a festival in India named "Makar Sankranti". In this festival the boys or men enjoy flying kites in the air and the girls or women dress up in traditional wear and distribute sweets among each other. There is a tagline used while giving and taking sweets, 'Tilgul ghya god god bola'. I was very happy as I got to fly too many kites and my friends came to meet me, then we went to a park in the evening where we enjoyed a lot.
I have been searching for the latest Nintendo console since it came out but due to a large demand, I could never find one until one day I went to a large retailer to purchase an unrelated item when I walked over to the electronic section and saw three consoles in the display case as I quickly went to purchase it!
I am amutha. my family is very intelligent and good work always.
I have my own "world" and I have my own words on my mind, my dreams and my life. ... I try to reach all of them and pleasure every moments of my life. It'Ll make my best life for my future. ... I have a positive view for my future and I enjoy my life. I love my life and I hope all the girls all ...
my happiest moment when i finally belong a real
man!!!!!when i verginatize a fukin shit
woman..wahahahahah..thats make my life a real happy man
Well, I was hangning out with my brother and felt extreme happiness when we were in the woods, just chilling and listening for the birds and the trees.
I have been in love with a girl for the past 10 years. She is a girl who have not been exposed to the public a much as she has been sticking to her studies and home so far. Recently she started working and i found she started to minkle more with people around and chatting with new friends especially boys. That hurted me badly. Now you must be thinking how does this makes me happy. I have been hearing from childhood that we only love or go close to god when we realize that anything or anyone in this world cannot give us true unconditional love and happiness thus leading us to detachment. The moment i realized that every relation which is worldly is with expectations and the love i felt from him during that loneliness made me extremely happy.
Mango festival made me happy because is summer here, and seasn for my favourite fruit just started so I could go enjoy my love to mangoes with other people who thing the same. I could enjoy amazing, sunny weather, try a lot of different kinds of mangos. I had sticky juice on my hand, and my skin smells like mango all the time. It was really beautiful day full of amazing flavours, smells and great people.
I had a new furnace and central air conditioner installed to replace old HVAC equipment, and received both a 0% interest 7-year loan for this and $1750 in rebates from nan.
MY FIRST LOVE GOT SUCCESS IS MY HAPPY MOMENT. MY GIRL NAME IS Shajitha. SHE IS VERY PRETTY GIRL. MOST HAPPY MOMENT IS SHE PROPOSED TO ME LAST MONTH. THAT SAME DAY WE GOT MARRIED.THAT IS MY PRECIOUS MOMENT OF MINE.
My cystoscopy test showed that I am cancer free.
yes it happeneded in last month. my sisters mbbs convecation day.
it was a tour to my family..because she studied at another state .that faar at my place .we went their by three days journey..
The get together with my friends.we went a long trip of seven days and there are couple of old conversation with rejuvenate the past and comes the smile in our faces.As everyone is almost in good stage all are earning good in their life and after that finally get together brings a smile in our face.
I played Pokemon Go with my family. I got a rare Pokemon I didn't have. My little cousin was happy to get a strong Pokemon, which increased how happy I was.
i WENT TO NEW YORK WITH MY WIFE AND IN COMMEMORATION OF MY RETIRMENT EVENT IS WAS A VERY HAPPY VACATIONS WITH NO PROBLEMS AT ALL
Last january 2017 my marriage anniversary celebration. this day  I  have enjoyed the day, i don't forget in our life this event. I am very fun &  colour ful this day.  all the day  this fun continuous i pray the god in all the days.
The happy moment past 3 months is the day my son got award for excellence in studies
I saw a fantastic cast of Les MisA(c)rables on West End with the only person I know who loves Les Mis as much as I do! 
I was happy in the last 3 months when me and my husband got caught up on all our bills. We were severely behind from him losingggggg ghis job and it took a lot of time and hard work to catch up on everything that we had to let slide and not pay. We worked really hard and we were able to get on top of things and pay them all back to current status! It was am amzing happy day to see all our hard work pay off in such a great way. 
Before three months back I had opened the of facebook as my friends told me about that than at first when I opened that I was so afraid because my dad will not accept then I started chating then I met hari who is a very nice guy at first we are just friends I also accepted chating with him on that condition only but days are going on we both shared our feelings with each other then one day I called him brother then he was so angry and scolded me I asked him then he proposed me I was shocked then I also like him but I did not give reply to himbut he knows then we continued chating then oneday my dad saw this and our love  story ws completed and finally iwant say him that I loves him so much I am missing him a lot
the  day that a student thank me for teaching him nicer than other teachers
I was skateboarding again after a lengthy time off from an injury and I was still able to do certain tricks that I thought I can not do anymore.
Figured out a task within a work system (MagHub) that will boost overall efficiency and make peoples lives easier at work.
I sold my very first game on GameFlip
last one week my brother got 98% marks in graduation and get a degree from top university my brother and my family members feel so happy that a whole day.
Pongal is a harvest festival, celebrated by the people belonging to Hindu faith. On this occasion, people thanks the Sun God for abundant agricultural crops. The festival is most popular in the state of Tamil Nadu in India and in Srilanka.

The harvest festival corresponds to the celebration of Makar Sankranti. Generally, the festival of Pongal and Lohri are celebrated on the same day.

Pongal is a Tamil word means which means 'overflowing'. This festival signifies good wishes, wealth, abundance and prosperity
My husband bought  a new car first time after our marriage
I saw a couple on a first date and they clearly liked each other
Received order from OldTimeCandy.com containing many nostalgia inducing favorites I hadn't had in years.
We went to take dinner in a restaurant and everyone had dinner according to their own choices with ice creams and sweets which made them feel happy. Their happiness gave me a great happiness.
my family to do get together gether is very  big happiness
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy 
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy .
When I found this bomb ass bakery and got to try all different kinds of baked goods there and everything was beyond great
I have buy new android phone and i take selfie wherever i go then i recall the event . That make me very happy.
I've got opportunities to meet some of my old school mates in various occasions, I have found some lost old school mates as well which made me so happy
 When you're starving and you see the waiter bringing your food over to your table.
Getting birthday texts from people you havent spoken to in a while.
Hearing someone refer to you as their friend for the first time.
Visited tropicarium with girlfriend. Been there before but first time around noon. Had no idea that they feed animals at that time, although there is timetable on website, never bothered to look. Got to feed some small lizards myself. Great experience made my trip a lot more fun.
I went on vacation with my girlfriend and we spent days relaxing and drinking cappuccinos. 
I am Amutha. my family is very intelligent and good work always.
I went in an interview for the post of acting in a new director of tamil cinema. I acted many roles and characters in many ways. I am selected in their new film. Then i acted as a comedy role in that film. That's unforgettable moment in my life.
It was great experience being herea|. Two years|. I learnt many things|. Now when I look back I feel|.the changesa| Itas the similar feeling I had when I graduated two years backa| how time changes and how life keeps on moving without a pause|. People comea| people goa|. We laugh we crya|. Some really low moments|. Some really higha|. Life is so beautiful in its own waya|. 
I bouth my electronic cigarette, some new e liquid juices.
I got a good evaluation from my team leader and also a small raise before two months. 
I won a raffle at work for a $50 gift card.
MY FRIEND BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION
MU FRIEND BIRTHDAY PARTY CELEBRATE
I bought a new puppy named Buddha and he is a miniature Schnauzer.
Sitting along with friends in hostel lawns and talking about all scrap happening around us.Teasing each other,laughing ,shouting :) :)
Going to beach eating everything.....!!!!!! (mirchi bajji,chat,kulfi, icecream,fish fry,corn) playing with sand making hills,writing names on sand,playing gun shoot.Finally sitting near sea shore peacefully without any cell phones and enjoying the sound of water.
I move finally from my sister in law house, my wife's sister asked us to move with her 2 years ago....I was so frustrated living there because a lost all my privacy. 2 weeks ago we move to our place and I so happy that I just want to stay at home all the time
Let me tell you about another thing that made me happy well it was 420 this week so everybody was showing there love and support for bud so that made me happy for sure.
I write and submit short stories to a writing blog for fun. I took an unannounced hiatus for several months due to a lack of inspiration, but recently came back to it. Followers of the blog have the option to reblog the work with commentary or praise. A person I had never interacted with reblogged my first entry after my return with a note stating that they had missed my stories and were glad to see me. 
My niece moved out of state so I'm always happy when she facetimes me to show off her new toys.
My very good friend moved from his sad sharehouse to a apartment of his own and I was so glad for him because he was struggling a lot and now he can enjoy and he deserves it, i was happy for him.
Helped a nonverbal child say forts word
Hosting my 4 year old nan first all-boys sleep over and letting them run a muck.
Passing my scissor lift and boom lift certification test for work.
My wife and I discovered how much me love living in the desert, a place we had not previously considered possible for us to call home.  We are both intranced with the beauty of this place and how it nurtures our souls
when my dog didn't die from an illness 
I met my best friend after a very long time and spent one full day with her.
I got 1st place in my zone leavel athletic meet
I was very happy when my daughter won a state-wide competition and went on to compete in th nationals.
Learning the newest updates about Cassini Huygens spacecraft mission. The work of 20 years to success!
My baby girl started walking. and it was very nostalgic moment when she fell first time while trying to move forward.
Another event that made me happy is when my new box mod came in the mail, I used to smoke cigarettes, but I quit and I am a vaper, so when I get  a new vape it makes me happy.
When my skittish cat named Juliet jumped into my lap and licked my face.
The weather has been beautiful lately.
good life in my lif dali drinking in my lif is good and life happy in work is good my familly is good daily is good life good father and mother is my family
My birthday was celebrated by being surprised. My family threw a surprise birthday party for me it's never had before. You don't like know how it's going to go into you have one and then you realize how exciting it is.
I adopted a cat so my dog wouldn't be alone and after 3 weeks they were inseparable and best friends. The cat hoped off of my lap and went and laid down to my dog who started grooming him. 
My uncle is working abroad. when he is here, its the puality time that are precious to me.
I WENT TO SHOPPING MALL
I WENT TO SHOPPING MALL
I MET MY COLLEGE MATES AND GONE FOR A PARTY
I was having lunch with my family. Since my childhood we have a pattern in our home, first everybody at our home has lunch while my mother serves and while we are on our last Roti she too joins with her plate.I was little extra hungry. She had just joined with her plate along with my sister. I asked her for Roti. She said aWait I am making one for youa and she left her seat.I held her hand and said, aMumma! I am in some cooking mood. You have food, I will make a roti for mea. She said, aWhy will you work in kitchen while I am here?aI said, aI want to make a rotia and I left my seat. Sister popped up saying, have this roti from mummy's plate, complete your lunch and then make a roti for mumma.aI said, well! You are falling for a dangerous act.Hahahahah.a I completed my lunch and started with roti, This was it! Previously I have cooked many times, but only for me. This was the first time I cooked for mother.I made a roti and served it to mother. She made 3 parts of it, one for my sister, one for my father and one for herself. They all had their parts and I was observing them with suspense about comments.Sister chuckled, Your wife is lucky, you can feed her deliciously. Father giggled, Your Gf must have said you to learn cooking this morning.Mother was little emotional, she said, My son has grown up. Roti is sweet! She was happy. Everyone was happy.It made me happy.
i made over 30.00 in one day on mturk.
My uncle is working abroad when he is here its the quality time that are precious to me.
We purchase the new washing machine yesterday 
Easter Weekend 2017. My dad's entire family came in for Easter weekend. We had a big grill out, an easter egg hunt, rode 4 wheelers, and had a hike. This may not seem much but its everything to me. We sat around later that night laughing at so many stories from my aunts/uncles. Watching the kids play in the yard catching lightning bugs and blowing bubbles. (Sneaking candy). It makes my heart happy and full.
I discovered my love for cappuccinos which is rare for me because I have been drinking black coffee for at least a decade but I tried one at a local shop and the steam and milk floored me. 
We went for a week to Italy. The most beautiful country imaginable!!!!
My girlfriend won a night in an expensive hotel near the city. She signed in a promotion and she won it. Now we can choose when we want to stay for 24 hours. This was a huge win for us.
I was very happy when i have made an interview that will be published in a newspaper in future.
I am Amutha. my family is very intelligent and good work always.
I and my kid went to park where i went for walking and my kid played badminton with her cousins . i went three rounds around the park so i feel very energetic and happy.
My internship was like a turning point which gave me a very good exposure and learning experience and I really appreciate my boss who was not just a boss but also a strict teacher who taught us practical management lessons|. 
I went to the doctor to check on my migraines and it seems like there's nothing wrong with me. I was worried there might be something bad with my brain.
My frist grandson finish college
I watched a video of dogs that had been in laboratories their whole lives experience grass and sunlight for the first time.
A friend of mine gave me a bag of cadbury eggs out of nowhere.
We bough a trip to Jamaica for my parents and surprised them with it last month. They loved it. 
My son is graduating soon and I was able to save money to give him a nice graduation present. We have sent out invitations and are awaiting that day.
MY BOY FRIEND LOVE FEELINGS
 Today morning a i am going to mall , there i was met my own best friend, I am very excited to speak with my friend because i didn't see her for past 2 years. Around one hour we share our memories and that gives me lot of happiness.
The day I brought dream refrigerator a big one.
i got my first payment from Amazon mechanical turk, hope the work will go smoothly and want to make a small income
I was very happy for atleast half of the day in last 3 months when my name was selected for applying Germany work permit and not my WP is in progress and very soon I will be in Germany yohooo, Germany I am coming woohoooo
Personal Narrative- Most Memorable Christmas Ever since I could remember, I have spent Christmas at my grandmother's house, a house which is full of comfort, warmth, and happiness. At Christmas, I have always been able to escape the cold and dark real world allowing myself to truly enjoy just several moments in time. These moments have left impressionable memories from my childhood making Christmas a holiday that is special to me and my family.
Sitting down to eat a nutritious meal with my happy children.
A customer giving me a valentines day gift
I'm almost finished with my cosplays. :)
My uncle whi is my unwanted house guest with no intentions of moving stayed out for  2 days .
Found a new job after weeks without one with higher pay and benefits.
I made a pair of adult onesie pajamas with feet. I have been wanting adult footie pajamas for quite some time but have been unable to find ones that provide everything I want in pajamas (i.e. cozy, footed, pockets, hood, buttflap). Finishing a pair that has everything I want was a happy moment. 
Another event that made me happy in the lat 3 months was learning how to make better use of my time when I work online. I was not making much money and I was still learning. Once I learned how to use the tools available to me to make my time more valueable I was happy as could be. I was able to make double what I used to make, it still is not much compared to most people but to me it is great!
2 months back when hari proposed to me I was so happy
I cleaned my apartment and decluttered it!
Went for trekking into dense forest at agastyaarkodam with my friend and we were very tired and wen we reached the top of hill and drank cold water from stream and sat and my eyes cant forget the cloud that were touching us and we felt like as if we were surrounded by soft cotton bed.
I saw one of my foster dogs that I helped rehome happy, healthy, and well loved.  I got to meet with a former adopter and one of my old foster dogs.  The dog looked happier and healthier than ever.  Both the dog and the family were beyond happy.  It made me feel good to know I was able to help a great family find an amazing addition to their lives.  
3. April in Pocatello, ID has been a mixture of rain, snow, wind, interspersed with a few really nice days.  A few weeks ago it got up in the 60's and although I have never been diagnosed with SAD (Seasonal Affective Disorder) I noticed that my mood went from somewhat blas to very positive. 
I planted my spring flowers and everytime I see them they make me so happy and fill me with such joy. 
vi a una amiga hace unos dias que hacia meses que no veia, eso me nan.
We had leftover scrap metal to sell.
my daughter is having a new child. i am to be a grandmother again.  
Okay, so a couple of months ago I graduated from university - it was a really happy time for me, and although my family and I had already celebrated finishing my degree successfully, the official graduation day ceremony was really quite special, and a very happy day, for me and my friends. It was one of the last times that all of us were together because shortly after that two of our group left to go abroad and they'll be there for about two years before they come back home.

So, the graduation ceremony was in the main auditorium of the university and everyone was there, all the students, faculty members and of course family and other invited guests. There were the usual speeches, presentation of degrees to graduates and a few other things which the faculty had organized, and then after we organized a big lunch.

There was my own family and three of my friends and their families as well, so it was quite an occasion. We had this family lunch at a local restaurant which we had booked for the afternoon. It was a really special time having all the most important people in my life together at the same time.

Later on, when the family members had left we went out to a bar and had a few beers together just me and my friends. Looking back on it now, it was one of the happiest days of my life I think a we all felt like we had really achieved something graduating and that particular day was really good for all of us. I hope that maybe in a couple of years we can arrange a sort of reunion a so that we can all get together again and catch up with each other.
When my daughter finally perfected saying the word "hallelujah" instead of "hallelujah" last week.  
I went and saw a movie with my friend on saturday.
I got to dogsit for my friend, and the dog is always so playful and enthusiastic that it's a treat to spend time with her.
I went on a trip to Marin Country and stayed at a nice Air Bnb'B.
Three weeks ago, my wife's long coming professional promotion to a senior managerial position in her firm finally became effective to a senior managerial position in her firm. She is settling into the role rather comfortably, and indeed so well deserved a milestone. Her competent, efficient, productive, coveted, fore & far sighted leadership assets are well known around the company. She is quite happy about these new responsibilities & I am at once profoundly proud of her for this achievement as well as for the wonderful, unparalleled gifted lives that she has made possible for us as a family. She is a deeply loving, deeply caring, selfless, brilliant, a force of nature and very beautiful wonder woman. I am at a loss for thought, feelings & words as to where on earth I would be without her magical angelic existence in our lives. She rocks my world. Hence, I uncorked the champagnes & celebrate this terrific pick with her. This was ever so, for me, one of the happiest, most awesome moments. What can I say beyond that, you ask? Plenty. But, I will do you a favor and halt right here. No further comments.   
I was worried one of my pets (I have lots of pets) had stomach cancer, after what one of my vets said during her last visit. He said that she may need a biopsy of her stomach. However, he soon learned that she does not have stomach cancer with no surgery necessary. She has feline IBD (irritable bowel), which is helped by dietary change and probiotics and steroids.
A small moment of happiness was when my son gave me a hug and told me I was his best friend.
I finished my last day of fieldwork for my clinicals the other day. It was my last day before graduation.  
My best friend just asked me to be godmother to her son. Her son happens  to look just like her and he is so adorable! I am so honored!
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
I Went To My Friend Marriage. I Was So Happy. I Met My Old Friends. MY Friend Marriage was very formally  interesting and lot of funnies.
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
MY BABY'S FIRST TALK
Buying dress for me which I was been dreaming since two months
Last month God blessed my family with a baby angel, my wife give birth to jewel jomin. i was too happy when i heard this news.my angel give me happiness and new future. I am too happy to play with my kid.After my office i am spenting all my time with my kid, am too excited for her each cute smile. When i saw her that smile, i forgot all my stress. Now am living in a happy world.
tructions
What made you happy? Reflect on the past 3 months, and recall three actual events that happened to you that made you happy. Describe your happy moments with a complete sentence. Write three such moments. You will be also asked to note for how long each event made you happy. This task also has post-task questions. Please be sure to answer the questions.
YESTERDAY MY BROTHER AND MY FRIENDS HAVE LOT OF FUN WITH HER CHILDREN .
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.

OK HERE I GO....MY FIRST HAPPIEST MOMENT WAS WHEN I MARRIED THE MOST SWEETEST AND HELPFUL GUY I HAVE EVER MET (SONIL). IT WILL BE 12YRS ON MAY 1OTH.
It was a busy traffic lot of vehicles going here and there. I was driving in my car with my family. In traffic signal we are waiting for a green light. There i saw a lady in a scooty, suddenly she felt down. I came out of my car and take that lady. She was felt down due to unconsciousness. I care her and gave first aid in my car itself. After a while she woke up and cried. She cried and said on the road in a traffic signal there was a beggar, who was her lover. Due to love failure he became like this. After seeing him she was surprised and shocked that he begging in traffic. And also he became mad. Then i took her and that beggar to hospital. Still he is in treatment and now she got her lover. They both married. He recovered from all. This made me in my life happiest moment. 
Okay, so a couple of months ago I graduated from university - it was a really happy time for me, and although my family and I had already celebrated finishing my degree successfully, the official graduation day ceremony was really quite special, and a very happy day, for me and my friends. It was one of the last times that all of us were together because shortly after that two of our group left to go abroad and they'll be there for about two years before they come back home.

So, the graduation ceremony was in the main auditorium of the university and everyone was there, all the students, faculty members and of course family and other invited guests. There were the usual speeches, presentation of degrees to graduates and a few other things which the faculty had organized, and then after we organized a big lunch.

There was my own family and three of my friends and their families as well, so it was quite an occasion. We had this family lunch at a local restaurant which we had booked for the afternoon. It was a really special time having all the most important people in my life together at the same time.

Later on, when the family members had left we went out to a bar and had a few beers together just me and my friends. Looking back on it now, it was one of the happiest days of my life I think a we all felt like we had really achieved something graduating and that particular day was really good for all of us. I hope that maybe in a couple of years we can arrange a sort of reunion a so that we can all get together again and catch up with each other.

Yet, for those of us who have lived abroad, this is simply the way it is.

The first time I experienced what experts call reverse Culture Shocka was after returning home from a Year Abroad Program in Galway, Ireland. My home town, which before had given me a sense of comfort and belonging, upon returning seemed stifling and bereft of warmth. I moved about my days feeling that something was missing but I had no idea what it could be. I eventually came face to face with the starling reality that my home would never, ever again feel the same as it had before. I had sealed my fate the moment I had boarded that plane the year before.

I donat think there is really any way to describe this feeling to those who havent experienced it themselves.  Itas a little like free-falling.  It feels as if we are floating aimlessly on restless waters.  We feel distinctly ungrounded
the day i adopted a kitten that was a stray
My father, who has been disgnosed with fibromyalgia, was finally approved for a medicine that has the power to take away 90% of his pain, giving him a new start on life. 
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I was gifted a bbq grill by my friend
The Christmas gathering took place on December 25 in 2016. All of my relatives gathered in my grandpa's place one or two days before the event. I have two paternal uncles and three aunts. They arrived with their kids. On the other side, we were six in number. So, it was almost a medium-scale crowd there. Everyone one greeted each other and shared their feelings. Additionally, my grandparents were extremely happy with this crowd of people. Actually, they are to live almost alone round the year and this is the time when they have chances to spend some quality moments. My grandpa was a retired professor of Physics while my grandma took care of the house. My parents or uncles were unable to meet them in regular days for their hefty schedules. The gathering was arranged each year to keep the bondage alive among all. So, in this time of the year, we made the gathering at my grandpa's place.

I booked a disneyworld vacation.
My daughters face when I arrived at her door with the 10 size 24 mths onesies that she wasn't able to get out of the house to purchase.
My best friend og 16 years finally texted me after giving me the cold shoulder for the past 2 months because she did not like some advice i gave her that she asked for.
I watched spider man 2 and ate little caesar's pizza in a private theater with my partner.
Recently, I received the email notifying me that I had been selected to participate in Somos nan. I am very excited to participate in this, and only 15 have been lucky to be here, so I feel lucky for this too.
I went on a vacation with 5 other friends, it was so fun and I have a bittersweet feeling of happiness that I went but sadness that it's over.
My brother called me 3 weeks ago saying he was finally moving back home after being away from almost 7 years
i was extremely happy when I made enough money to pay my bills with out struggling. 
I MET A NEW FACEBOOK FRIEND ON LAST NIGHT. SHE'S LOOKING SO GLAMOROUS
Adapted child we kept name saw aashwin and have a big party our friends and to announce that his our family boy they all felt so happy and my son prepared some cookies for aashwin he so happy with us am feel so happy that he like us rey much
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy 
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy .
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was attaining my nan ID for mortgage lending services
my engagement
febuary 14 Valentine's day 
My most memorable moment happened in my school days. The moment happened when I was in class 4 , while the school day annual celebration
was going on ,suddenly my name was been announced that I got the first prize in telugu eloctution ,still that time I have not even got any prize even though I participated in many cultural activities and sports events .so on hearing my name I got surprised and become proud to receive that. while receiving the prize I was been praised by my classmates ,class teacher and the principal.so thats why i consider it as a most memorable moment which was unforgettable in my life.
febuary 14 valentine's day
It made me happy to receive good news from a source that I needed to accomplish a very important challenge that will change my life.
2 Months ago, i got promotion in my office and i was selected as the employee of the month. I was too happy, because i never expected that promotion and i thought i was the inefficient employee in my office, but they selected me as the employee of the month and my superiors congratulated me personally. That made me more happy
The Kashmiri doesnat care whose flag he follows, whose anthem he sounds. As long as the Kashmiri gets to row his shikara, herd his sheep, temper his willow bats, grow his apples and light his kangri in peace, whatas an India, what is a Pakistan.

It has been an illuminating first day in Kashmir. The flight from Delhi spelt its own episodes, but thatas another, rather insignificant, story. A delay caused due to fog meant that we touched down at Srinagar Airport an hour behind schedule.

But enough of that; let the story begin.
The passage from the boarding gate to the baggage check reminds me of a Republic Day paradeawithout the celebration. Rows of stoic-looking men in full combat gear holding INSAS rifles greet me as I proceed towards the baggage counter. On the arrivals desk across the hall, a mini-police station of sorts deals with nervous-looking foreigners and Kashmiris on their way out. The customary chatter and hubbub youad find in any airport is much subdued here.
The driveras name is Shakeel Ahmed. A man of average height, with an oval-shaped head, a self-conscious smile and the customary reserve youad find in town folk whenever they encounter city dwellers like myself.

That reserve dissolves quickly as I start asking him about the Kashmiri way of life.

well sir, the people here, they like to work,a he says, smoothly overtaking a truck carrying logs. aWhether itas growing saffron, or almonds, weaving cloth, or going to school, we like to stay occupied. Thatas why I donat like winter so much. Too little time to get out and about.a

As we cross Lal Chowk, I am struck by the inconspicuousness of roadside beggars anywhere.

aOh, you wonat find any beggars in Kashmir, sir,a Shakeel says, aKashmiris are a proud people. We donat like opening our palms, except in prayer.a

The Kashmiri livelihood, I learn, comes from growing things and showing things. The village folk depend on saffron, almonds, apples, wood and weaving for their livelihood. City dwellers are invested in various services for the visiting tourist.

aThereas plenty of money in Kashmir,a Shakeel remarks, abut you wonat see it out in the open. We are not ostentatious by nature.a

An offhand barb at Delhi brashness, I suspect, but let it pass.
We pass through a crowded marketplace. Glittering streamers and flags of Pakistan hang from the ropeways overhead. I ask him about the flags.

aOh, they arenat Pakistani flags, sir,a he replies with a short laugh. aThese are for Bada Din. Look, that banner over there says aId Milaapa.a

Donat I feel foolish.

actually, this district, Pulwama, it has 95 per cent Muslims. Bada Din is celebrated with a lot of pomp and circumstance. That road forking right leads to Pulwama town. Itas renowned for its shopian apples and, well, other things,a Shakeel says with a quiet smile.

The other things, it turns out, are afeem (opium) and hashish (marijuana).

aSaara do number ka kaam wahaan par hota hai, sir,a remarks Shakeel with a wink.

I return the wink as a road milestone closes. aPahalgam: 98 kilometres,a the sign reads.
Weave pulled over beside a large shop with a sign that reads aKesar Valley'. Shakeel seems to have taken a personal affront to the fact that Iave never had kahwah in my life, and decides the experience can wait no longer.
Two bearded men nurse the counter, sitting cross-legged on low stools. The long table in front of them displays almonds, kernels, tiny containers of saffron, cans of almond oil, homemade hand cream and a host of other items. One of them rises to greet me.

aSalaam ailakum, welcome to Kesar Valley.a

Tall, bearded, unsmiling, with intense, brooding eyes, Nisaar Ahmad could be the worst fear of any ignoramus who pays heed to manufactured media. Shakeel exchanges a quiet word with the other man, who then disappears behind a curtain.

Nisaar comes straight to business. Directing my attention to a stack of photo frames, he begins, aOur roots lie in saffron farming. My grandfather grew saffron, his son grew saffron after him, and nowa|,a he gestures to himself.

His companion returns with a bag of almonds.

aTry them. No, in fact, crush them on the counter here,a Nisaar commands, there, see the way the oil oozes out? You won't find almonds like these anywhere outside Kashmir.a


White walls and uncomfortable chairs arenat the greatest amplifier for creativity. If you're not getting the greatest results from your brainstorms, surely the monotone work environment has its role. Maybe a colorful room, with all kind of inspirational images on walls, a comfy chair and a hilarious rug will kick off that wild imagination of yours.
When you've finished a really good book and you just put it down on your lap and stare into space for a couple minutes because you need to collect yourself and return to reality.
Surprises, Good surprises make me happy
Being awake when everyone else is asleep.
when 2 months back my marriage had  that moment was so afraid and excited and I was  so happy at once I  felt that some new had entered into my life
My neighbor brought over some home made lasagna for dinner. This was great because not only does she make great lasagna, I had a hectic day at work and had no idea what I would make for supper. Also, the company for supper was a pleasant surprise and a nice distraction after a bad day. The food was good and the company was great.
Letas say you choose a job just for paying your rent and you're waiting for a dream job opportunity. But, whatever you're doing you want to be appreciated for your work. And how can we judge a fish by its climbing skills? We canat.
When i got home from work yesterday, my 2 year old son came running to hug me shouting "DADDY'S HOME".

Yet, for those of us who have lived abroad, this is simply the way it is.

The first time I experienced what experts call 'Reverse Culture Shocka was after returning home from a Year Abroad Program in Galway, Ireland. My home town, which before had given me a sense of comfort and belonging, upon returning seemed stifling and bereft of warmth. I moved about my days feeling that something was missing but I had no idea what it could be. I eventually came face to face with the starling reality that my home would never, ever again feel the same as it had before. I had sealed my fate the moment I had boarded that plane the year before.

I donat think there is really any way to describe this feeling to those who havent experienced it themselves.  Itas a little like free-falling.  It feels as if we are floating aimlessly on restless waters.  We feel distinctly ungrounded
I was walking with my dog, Remy, and he stopped at a telephone pole..he peed and then he started kicking at the ground. All four of his legs were furiously scratching the ground and grass/dirt was flying up behind him in a spray of about 5 feet. It was so funny and it made me so happy. I laughed and laughed. I wish I had it on video, but I was laughing to hard to get my phone out before it ended.
I participate in surveys on a wide variety of platforms. One in particular, included a lottery bonus possibility. I found out that I won! The extra money was greatly needed and appreciated and as someone who never wins anything, was quite the pleasant surprise.
I was able to solve a rubik's cube in record time. 
I went to a charity nan.
Dragonball Super had a story arc featuring the return of my favorite character.
Seeing a gal who works for me get a car after she been saving for several months. She was able to get a good price on the car she wanted and had finally saved up. 
BIKE RIDING WITH MY COLLEGEMATES
Last month we went to Hyderabad because of my husband he have some office work we saw the nan and park and buy any things for friends and family
After marriage, there is a ritual where the bride goes with bridegroom to his home. This is called aBidaia meaning abeading farewell to bride all the relatives were grouped together for the ceremony. It is an emotional moment. I also remembered about my daughters abeading farewell ceremonya It was a very happy moment. 
After my crush agreed to go on a date with me.
I WENT TO SHOPPING MALL
 I WENT TO SHOPPING MALL
I  WENT TO  SHOPPING MALL
my engagement an 17febuary 
MY ENGAGEMENT MAY 20
Last week i saw BAHUBALI film in cinipriya theatre with my friends.The film is very good,graphics and artist acting very excellent.Especially kattappa roll character very nice.Interval time we ate some snacks and pizza.We spend in theatre 3 hours.Then we went hotel ate briyani and we back our home.
It means when we get the desired one in our life, that is 
the most happiest moment. the happiest moment is change to 
person to person and time to time, as far as regarding my 
moment is concerned my first son ADHWIK got admission in BE. I felt that he 
would not get better marks in that because, from 12th  he
studied in TAMIL medium but BE was in HINDI medium. But he 
didn't get nervous, studied harder ,struggled more and 
practice more at the end he got highest marks in that. so it 
is the most happiest moment in my life according to me because of him.

After 15 years our school friends organized the get together and 45 members get together- ed and spent lot  of time. It's an unforgettable event in my life after a long back
It was a rainy season, heavy rain. Me and my friends out in that place a pregnant lady, screaming and crying on the way. There is a heavy rain no people stands on the road. And also its a mid night time 1 clock. Me and my friends take that lady to our room. We are all engineering students. I made a call to my wife anju and tell about this. Anju asked me to on the video call and saw that lady in video. She said not to worry to that lady and also to cooperate with us. Anju asked me take a hot water and cloth to treat that pregnant lady. Then she asked the pregnant lady to push push slowly breath and push. And also my wife asked me not to scare. Then we helped that lady for her delivery. Then a cute boy baby born for that poor lady. We saved that lady and the child. It was an happiest moment and also my wife praised me for helping that lady. The engineer students worked as a doctor. So from this i  understood not only studies make a man best in world. Only if we have effort and confident we can learn everything in the world by our own effort. 
Not anybody can brag about having a mentor at their job. A mentor is not only a teacher, it is the person that inspires you, the person from whom you want 'steal' the knowledgeas of the job or you want to enjoy his asuccess secretsa.
My husbandndndndndnd
I enjoy seeing neatness and orderliness and every time I straighten up the garden it makes me feel really happy.
Whatever your spiritual beliefs a or non-beliefs a may be, studies show that connecting to a high power is correlated with happiness. Just stepping back to realize that we are part of an enormous universe can put some perspective on your annoyance with the those-are-definitely-not-mine-and-they-are-abso-fricking-lutely-repulsive socks under the coffee table. Before bed, spend just a few minutes contemplating something larger than yourself. Take a walk in nature. Write in a journal. Create a sacred space in your home.
Yet, for those of us who have lived abroad, this is simply the way it is.

The first time I experienced what experts call 'Reverse Culture Shocka was after returning home from a Year Abroad Program in Galway, Ireland. My home town, which before had given me a sense of comfort and belonging, upon returning seemed stifling and bereft of warmth. I moved about my days feeling that something was missing but I had no idea what it could be. I eventually came face to face with the starling reality that my home would never, ever again feel the same as it had before. I had sealed my fate the moment I had boarded that plane the year before.

I donat think there is really any way to describe this feeling to those who havent experienced it themselves.  Itas a little like free-falling.  It feels as if we are floating aimlessly on restless waters.  We feel distinctly ungrounded
My son was evaulated by the interventional unit and deemed to be cognitively fit. 
Last weekend my little brother came over because he wanted my help with his project for astronomy. We reminisced, laughed and teased each other and acted silly. We would have gotten his project done sooner if we wouldn't have been laughing so much. It reminded me of when we were kids and I would help him with his homework and we would do the same things we did last weekend.
A few weeks ago my cat was bitten by a snake and got really sick. After some days on meds, he is doing a lot better now and I am very happy he did not die. It was scary for a while. Now I am happy he is on the mend properly and almost like his old self.
Bought the new bureau with new technology
this september my parents are Visiting us from overseas to meet our new member of the family , so that is the best news I could get these days 
today in morning i had headech  i was sleeping my husband prepare for me breakfast
I designed wedding dress for my brother's marriage.
I recently bought a new car, and I wanted it to be louder. A nan exhaust would be close to a thousand dollars, so that was out of the question. Instead, I got a resonator delete, and got a straight pipe put in place of it. It sounds better than I expected. 
I got approved for gender transition hormone therapy
what a beautiful night with my wife, after few days we were busy tonight we feel belong to each other 
LAST WEEK WE CELEBRATE OUR WEDDING DAY FUNCTION.
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy .
i went to see the nan movie last week 
When my girlfriend from highschool came back into my life I was happy.
last month me and my friends played cricket very well. at that time we goal 5 set of goal to opponent team. that moment was make me happy
YESTERDAY, MY BROTHER CALL ME AND SHARE THE PROBLEM AND THEY Felt BETTER AND SHARING MEMORABLE MOMENTS ALSO.
Sitting on your desk all day long could have long term negative effects on your health. And as we all know unhealthy people are not happy. A chair that makes you feel like you're in heaven, which keeps you relaxed while you work, can transform the nasty tasks in a breeze. And isnat this a great reason to be happy?

Before 2 months ago when I was learning javascript is a programming language.At that time I was new to javascript but when I did everything in best possible manner.Now I have basic knowledge of javascript libraries like Jquery,annyang..etc.When I did not learn javascript even don't know what type of work I can do from javascript.At that time I was really scared but when I started learning javascript my confidence level would be increase instead of decrease.So that time is really really amazing for me. 
saw a new film bhagubali 2. waiting for more then 2 years for suspense
My wife woke me up by giving me a sex act.
The time my Tweet got a number of retweets
I delivered baby girl during last month.I feel very happy about it since I am fond of girls than boys.The moment I saw her she was looking like me and and her fingers and toes are looking like her father.It was amazing to look her when she was looking.She is one of the beautiful things that I have seen in the world so far.
My first event that made me happy in the past 3 months would have to be when I finally got the local school district to re-new my children's IEPs. We are a homeschooling family and the local school district was uneducated on the laws in our state. After a lot of phone calls and threats, they finally renewed the IEPs!
Going out to  real fast with my two sons.
Yesterday evening (05.05.2017) around 8:00 PM I am at office. I have received a printing order worth Rs.2000/- Per day income of Rs.2000 is a big money for me. I am very glad and finished the work up to 11:00 PM and went to home. Early to this incident, just my shop owner came and asked for the rent. I am very sad about not to pay him at time. But now I am very happy. 
MY BROTHER IN LAW GOT STATE 7TH RANK IN INTERMEDIAT SO I AM VERY HAPPY TO LAST WEEK
A week before I went to my native place for a cultural function. When I was drinking a cup of coffee I saw one of my old friend who came from US last week. We were discussing about our life and he took a ' Sai Baba photo' from his purse and showed me did I remember. Very long back when we were studying in school , when he came with a trouble I gave him the photo and console that till the photo is with him he will not be in trouble. He in remembrance of me kept the photo safely without torn. At that moment I was very much happy and that movement could not be expressed and could only feeled.
I finished my pre-reqs for a master's program
Having all my personal needs met by being in control of the situation. When I can make the decisions in life, I do so much better, I am less confused or apprehensive.
I graduated from university - it was a really happy time for me, and although my family and I had already celebrated finishing my degree successfully, the official graduation day ceremony was really quite special, and a very happy day, for me and my friends. It was one of the last times that all of us were together because shortly after that two of our group left to go abroad and they'll be there for about two years before they come back home.
feeling lighter and faster and having more energy
I WENT FOR COLLEGE TOUR . I HAVE A LOT OF FUNS IN THAT TOUR . I HAD CHOCOLATES IN THE HILL STATION AND WE WENT SO MANY PLACES IN THE TOUR.
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On that day, My brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very blissful. 
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On that day, My brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very blissful. 
Unfortunately,  I went to my grandma house. On that day, MY brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to gift shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very blissful.
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On that day, My brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very blissful. 
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy 
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On the day my brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to gifts shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which I selected, he felt very blissful.
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On the day, My brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to gifts shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which I selected, he felt very blissful.
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On that day, My brother came there, That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very blissful.
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On that day, My brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddently I am go to gift Z shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very blissful.
UNFORTUNATELY, I  WENT TO MY GRANDMA HOUSE. ON THE DAY, MY BROTHER CAME THERE THAT  DAY IS HIS BIRTHDAY. SUDDENLY I AM GO TO GIFTZ SHOP WITH HIM AND THEN WE PURCHASED MANY THINGS. ON  SEEING THE GIFTS WHICH  I SELECTED, HE FELT VERY BLISSFUL.
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. on that day, my brother came there. That day is his birthday suddenly I am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things, on seeing he gifts which selected he felt very blissful
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On that day, My brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to gift shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which I selected, he felt very blissful.
Can we plan for Tirupati Balaji Mandir on 17th ?a An unexpected noon phone call from Hubby.

aI may, if you want to goa|." I was quick to reply, but, added one "But" to it....

"But I won't guarantee whether I would go inside the temple or nota|.if itas too much of crowd, I may give up half the way took|a I clarified.

So, a quick plan was made with two other families, Hubbyas colleagues, Basav and Silky with their families. 

Itas been long time, though I felt like visiting this - one of the richest temples in the world, it was not in my wish-list as I heard it is one of the most crowded temples too. On an average 50,000 to 100,000 devotees visit the Tirupati Balaji temple at Tirumala every day. Sandip, Nabami, Mittal, so many friends of mine shared their experience with me that itas just for 5 -10 seconds, one get a glimpse of the Idol of Lord Balaji. The pushing crowd and security personals would push you forward automatically.  

On 16th, the day was too hectic for me. Work, dizziness and the tension of facing huge crowd at the temple made me so exhausted that sleeping queen refused to come to my eyes even for a minute, though I tried to bring her in at least for 4 hours.

We started at 1:57 AM from Bangalore on 17th, while I vomited on the way twice, because of my uneasiness. I just recalled my pregnancy time that moment. We reached Tirupati town at 7:30 AM. We already had booked one hotel. This time, sleeping queen attacked me badly and took me to a deep sleep for at least one hour.

Somehow, I managed to get up from Bed at 8:30 AM, quickly took bath and tried my level best to be positive in attitude. We were out from the hotel by 9 AM.

In the first entrance of the Temple campus, we had a proper security check; every individual, the luggage, and the vehicle, all were scanned.
Beautiful view, cleanliness of the town, stunning curvy roads made us fresh and positive. There was a special instruction on speed limit while driving up the Tirumala hill, 25 kilometer of ascent is to be completed not earlier than 28 minutes. In case, any vehicle reaches there early, it will be penalized for driving fast. 
Basav shaved his hair, and during that time, rest of us just had some quick breakfast in one of the roadside stalls. I was just amazed to see the cleanliness all around. Some people were sitting in the middle of the road even, to eat food.
We covered the whole queue area in 20 mins. No electronic items are allowed, such as camera, mobile phones, but they allow wallets. Everyone has to wear traditional dresses, for man, dhoti or kurta were mandatory and for woman, Saree, Salwar suit etc. There was a strict security check just before entering the main temple area. There were drinking water tanks in every 100 mtrs distance. And free food items were offered to the people while in the queue.

On the way, we saw many waiting rooms which were locked. Other days, the devotees are released from these rooms slot by slot, to make queues. The most important entrance of the place, where the statue of Lord Balaji is kept, aadat se majbur people were pushing forward for no reason, though there were not lots many people. Basav, from his previous experience suggested us to keep ourselves extreme right so that we could see the statue without any distraction. Luckily, I managed to keep some gap in the last moment, while hubby picked son on his shoulders and the divine moment stayed with me for at least 15 seconds while I kept  my eyes on the most desired statue at sanctum sanctorum.

While coming out from that space, there is another chamber where one can write his/her wish with a coin and drop that coin there itself. When the secret wish accomplishes, the person has to come back to say aThanksa.
Prasad in the form of Ladoo is available outside the temple premise.  Two free ladoos which are very tasty, prepared with ghee and dry fruits are given per Sheegra darshan ticket. Each extra ladoo costs Rs 25. There is free food service also, but we were so tired that we could not eat it.

So, coming out from the main temple, there is another temple of Hanumanji. One can break a coconut and devote there. One thing, I noticed is that, you won't hesitate to sit on the floor anywhere inside the campus, as it was very clean.

There are many food stalls, and lines of shops, where the stuff were not so costly, be it home dA(c)cor, idols, devotional items or cloth.

Lovely experience it wasa|..Lucky was me as I did not have to give up half the way, not had to face crowd, and above all, had a longer glimpse of Lord Balaji!
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On that day, My brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very blissful.
My son starting to wqlk on his own. It means i wont have to carry hij everywhere for much longer.
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.
yesterday we made "biryani" with the help of you tube, its a north indian food made of chicken, so nice to eat and we all became happy with the successful preparation
Childhood is the best time of one's life and most of the adults want to get back on the childhood days. I was given a novel as the first prize in my school in my early childhood which was a happy event for me and I still remember it very vividly.In my junior school, the authority held different competitions to motivate the students into learning and attending the school. As part of the activities, they annually organised different competitions like debates, painting, indoor sports and more other events. I took part in a competition and got the first prize by beating five other contestants. It was the first major success in my life and I remember it most as it was in my early childhood 
The sunrise was gorgeous. Very pink and clear. It felt like I should've been able to hear Morgan Freeman's voice in the background saying something inspirational. 
I'm doing good in rehab after an opoid addiction.  4 months clean. I'm going to stay clean.
I met someone. Initially I was excited because they were autistic like myself. But now I realize, I have felt falsely strong and projected. So it is bittersweet yet I am still happy to have met someone and made yet another experience. I look back and in retrospect I know things are a mistake. There are so many mistakes I knew whilst making them. I am gleefully accepting of this time in my life with profound wisdom. 
My college had a successful premiere of music to the silent movie Metropolis two weeks ago. 
nan MOVIES MY FAMILY ONE DAY
 PAKUPALI MOVIES MY FAMILY ON DAY 
my wife waas said i aam 2 months pregnant
After I was able to get my children's IEPs updated I was able to enroll them into an awesome local private school. They won't be able to start until next year though. This school is the next best thing to homeschooling and we are all excited about the change. 
The day I found out I stop doing dialysis. Because my kidneys stopped I was on dialysis.
My daughter ordered LuLaRoe for my husband to give to me for my birthday! This saves me having to drive him around to shop for me as he doesn't drive plus I am sure I will be happy with the gift.
I spontaneously flew a cessna plane in Anchorage Alaska. My friend was a friend of a private pilot that took us out flying to look at glaciers. When we were in a safe spot he let me pilot the plane and explained all the instruments. This has inspired me to get my pilots license.
MY COLLEGE inauguration FUNCTION
MY THREE MONTH ANNIVERSARY MAY 24
my enkement april 20
MY COLLEGE 1ST DAY INAUGURATION FUNCTION
MY COLLEGE 1ST DAY INAUGURATION FUNCTION
Myself and my family enjoyed a hill station trip after their children's annual exams, This trip made them happy, and their joy made me happy.
Me and my friend went for a shopping and took 3 shirts for him and we returned back to home after booking a cab.The day was so fulfilled
I got a check from massSave for a rebate on my new furnace.
every moment of my life is happy becz i leave the life in present but happiest moment when achieve in life some new.
Two month before when I was travelling in train one person who was travelling adjacent to me  while getting down from train missed a bag in the train. I opened the bag and found it was his degree certificate with some more document and an interview card. I felt that he is going for an interview. Even though I got plenty of works , I stepped down in the next train station and went to the company in the card. There I saw the person searching something and went to him and told the fact and gave him the bag and advised him to be more careful. The person overwhelmed with joy and thanks me a lot and offered me the actual expense that was occured by me for him. But I refused . I felt that reciving is only not happy but helping to others also in time is also happy.
I recently was told by one of my coworkers who works in dispatch that I am his favorite driver on the team.  I am a paratransit driver, I drive a cabulance for disable people.
This guy took a job from me at work but it turned out kind of shittily for him.

Happiness is so interesting, because we all have different ideas about what it is and how to get it. Itas also no surprise that itas the Nr.1 value for Bufferas culture, if you see our slidedeck about it. So naturally we are obsessed with it.
I would love to be happier, as Iam sure most people would, so I thought it would be interesting to find some ways to become a happier person that are actually backed up by science. Here are ten of the best ones I found.
1. Exercise more a 7 minutes might be enough
You might have seen some talk recently about the scientific 7 minute workout mentioned in The New York Times. So if you thought exercise was something you didnt have time for, maybe you can fit it in after all.
Exercise has such a profound effect on our happiness and well-being that itas actually been proven to be an effective strategy for overcoming depression. In a study cited in Shawn Achoras book, The Happiness Advantage 1, three groups of patients treated their depression with either medication, exercise, or a combination of the two. The results of this study really surprised me. Although all three groups experienced similar improvements in their happiness levels to begin with, the follow up assessments proved to be radically different:
The groups were then tested six months later to assess their relapse rate. Of those who had taken the medication alone, 38 percent had slipped back into depression. Those in the combination group were doing only slightly better, with a 31 percent relapse rate. The biggest shock, though, came from the exercise group: Their relapse rate was only 9 percent!


 
You donat have to be depressed to gain benefit from exercise, though. It can help you to relax, increase your brain power and even improve your body image, even if you donat lose any weight.
A study in the Journal of Health Psychology 2 found that people who exercised felt better about their bodies, even when they saw no physical changes:
Body weight, shape and body image were assessed in 16 males and 18 females before and after both 6 A 40 mins exercise and 6 A 40 mins reading. Over both conditions, body weight and shape did not change. Various aspects of body image, however, improved after exercise compared to before.
Weave explored exercise in depth before, and looked at what it does to our brains, such as releasing proteins and endorphins that make us feel happier, as you can see in the image below.
make yourself happier - exercise
2. Sleep more a youall be less sensitive to negative emotions
We know that sleep helps our bodies to recover from the day and repair themselves, and that it helps us focus and be more productive. It turns out, itas also important for our happiness.
In NutureShock 3, Po Bronson and Ashley Merryman explain how sleep affects our positivity:
Negative stimuli get processed by the amygdala; positive or neutral memories gets processed by the hippocampus. Sleep deprivation hits the hippocampus harder than the amygdala. The result is that sleep-deprived people fail to recall pleasant memories, yet recall gloomy memories just fine.

In one experiment by Walker, sleep-deprived college students tried to memorize a list of words. They could remember 81% of the words with a negative connotation, like acancer.a But they could remember only 31% of the words with a positive or neutral connotation, like asunshinea or abasket.a
The BPS Research Digest explores another study 4 that proves sleep affects our sensitivity to negative emotions. Using a facial recognition task over the course of a day, the researchers studied how sensitive participants were to positive and negative emotions. Those who worked through the afternoon without taking a nap became more sensitive late in the day to negative emotions like fear and anger.
Using a face recognition task, here we demonstrate an amplified reactivity to anger and fear emotions across the day, without sleep. However, an intervening nap blocked and even reversed this negative emotional reactivity to anger and fear while conversely enhancing ratings of positive (happy) expressions.
Of course, how well (and how long) you sleep will probably affect how you feel when you wake up, which can make a difference to your whole day. Especially this graph showing how your brain activity decreases is a great insight about how important enough sleep is for productivity and happiness:
make yourself happier
Another study 5 tested how employeesa moods when they started work in the morning affected their work day.
Researchers found that employeesa moods when they clocked in tended to affect how they felt the rest of the day. Early mood was linked to their perceptions of customers and to how they reacted to customersa moods.

And most importantly to managers, employee mood had a clear impact on performance, including both how much work employees did and how well they did it.
Sleep is another topic weave looked into before, exploring how much sleep we really need to be productive.
3. Move closer to work a a short commute is worth more than a big house
Our commute to the office can have a surprisingly powerful impact on our happiness. The fact that we tend to do this twice a day, five days a week, makes it unsurprising that its effect would build up over time and make us less and less happy.
IT made me happy when my sisters found their new home without having to move in for a year with me. Even If I love them I felt a lot of preassure about that and didn't wanted to loose my privacy.
My garden is growing noticeably
I WENT TO SHOPPING MALL
I WENT TO shopping mall
I WENT TO SHOPPING MALL
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, God's photos, etc. he said that it prices each Rs.250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs.350. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
i went to visit tajmahal last month
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, God's photos etc., He said that it prices each Rs.250. But a gentle genuine  man bought that all times for each Rs.350. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, God's photos, etc. He said that it prices each Rs.250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs.350. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, God's photos, etc. He said that iit prices each Rs.250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs.350. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
At my home town we had celebrated aakshayatriya day , an auspicious day to help others and to brought things so that it will last in our home ever. so i brought a gold coin and to my kid some stationeries.i feel happy on that day
ONE DAY,A BLIND MAN SOLD NATURAL SCENARIO PHOTOS,GOD'S PHOTOS ETC.HE SAID THAT IT PRICES EACH RS.250. BUT A GENTLE GENUINE MAN BOUGHT THAT ALL ITEMS FOR EACH RS.300.I REALLY FELT TO SALUTE HIM FOR WHAT HAPPENS
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, god's photos , etc. He said that it prices each Rs. 250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs.350. I really felt to salute him what happens.

YESTERDAY, MY BROTHER CALL ME AND SHARE THE PROBLEM AND THEY FEELED BETTER AND SHARING MEMORABLE MOMENTS ALSO.
I was having lunch with my family. Since my childhood we have a pattern in our home, first everybody at our home has lunch while my mother serves and while we are on our last Roti she too joins with her plate.
I was little extra hungry. She had just joined with her plate along with my sister. I asked her for Roti. She said aWait I am making one for youa and she left her seat.
I held her hand and said, aMumma! I am in some cooking mood. You have food, I will make a roti for mea. She said, aWhy will you work in kitchen while I am here?a
I said, aI want to make a rotia and I left my seat. Sister popped up saying, have this roti from mummy's plate, complete your lunch and then make a roti for mumma.a
I said, well! You are falling for a dangerous act.Hahahahah.a I completed my lunch and started with roti, This was it! Previously I have cooked many times, but only for me. This was the first time I cooked for mother.
I made a roti and served it to mother. She made 3 parts of it, one for my sister, one for my father and one for herself. They all had their parts and I was observing them with suspense about comments.
Sister chuckled, Your wife is lucky, you can feed her deliciously. Father giggled, Your Gf must have said you to learn cooking this morning.
Mother was little emotional, she said, My son has grown up. Roti is sweet! She was happy. Everyone was happy.It made me happy.
A third time I was happy was when my daughter wanted me to teach her how to drive the tractor. It was aqes ok me because she said I am a better teacher than her mom.
White walls and uncomfortable chairs arenat the greatest amplifier for creativity. If you're not getting the greatest results from your brainstorms, surely the monotone work environment has its role. Maybe a colorful room, with all kind of inspirational images on walls, a comfy chair and a hilarious rug will kick off that wild imagination of yours.
AT THE END OF APRIL ALONG WITH FAMILY WE PLANNED A TRIP FOR KODAIKANAL WHICH WAS A HILL STATION. DURING THE SUMMER SEASON WE PLANNED A TRIP FOR HILL STATION. THE CLIMATE WAS AWESOME WITH RAINY, CHILL BREEZE AND COOL NIGHT. REALLY THE CLIMATE WAS VERY NICE AND WE VISITED LOT OF PLACES LIKE PILLAR ROCK, GUNA CAVE, PINE FOREST, LAKE VIEW AND COAKERS WALK. AT THE FINAL DAY WE PLANNED FOR TREKKING WHICH WAS VERY FUN WITH FAMILY MEMBERS. AT THE END OF TREKKING WE VISITED THE PLACE CALLED DOLPHIN NOSE. WE TOOK LOT OF PHOTOS AND ENJOYED THE TRIP. 
My boys have continuously been getting good grades in school.  SO proud of them.
I was shopping the other day and was looking for new shoes.  The shoes I loved were on sale 50% off.  I wasn't going to buy them until I double checked the price and couldn't believe they were on sale
I found out that I am ranked in the top three of the rocky mountain region for leadership within my corporation. I do not formally hold a leadership title despite maintaining and growing my team within the company for the last three years. This has made me feel very successful without technically being able to have this qualification within my jurisdiction. 
WE HAVE MET IN MY COMMUNITY FOR EVERY NEIGHBOR TO CONTRIBUTE ITS IDEAS TO SUPPORT THE WORK OF SANITATION AND TO AVOID THE CONTAMINATION THAT MAY PRODUCE DISEASES, THE PARTICIPATION AND COMMITMENT OF ALL FILLS ME OF JOY BECAUSE WE ARE WORKING FOR A COMMON GOOD
treat my daughter because she accomplish a good grade in her studies
It was the day  ..i  felt very happy. while return  from office i  saw my crush waiting for a cab !! it was the rainy climate .. and drizzle over  there... she came and sit in  my bike.. it was such a great feeling ..i felt so lovely on that day 
One event that made me happy was getting to play with my neighbors new puppy, a golden retriever
At my condo complex the disabled lady -Maria- across from my unit got a dog trained to help people with diabilities, this occured during early April of 2017
Summer nights are very long and reading novels is a good past time during night which I like very much. I was reading a novel written by Mr Chetan Bhagat  As I was reading, I stared relating the heroas character to myself and my life as situations. The situations were almost similar. It started giving me pleasure and novel became more and more interesting to read. It gave me a happiness of third world.
Listening to a certain song and feeling like you're in a movie. Losing track of time because of how much fun you're having.Long drives in the car.
Listening to a certain song and feeling like you're in a movie. Losing track of time because of how much fun you're having.Long drives in the car.



My sister invite me at home last weekend and gave me Samsung galaxy 7s it was vey happy for me
Iam a budding writer and sometimes send peoms to reputed magazines for publishing.But for some reasons they always returned. Today for the first time, I saw my peom in one of the magazine and was very happy.!!!
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
Listening a certain song when goes on the long drive in the car and feeling very blissful on that time how much fun I'm having


Listening a certain song when goes on the long drive in the car and feeling very blissful on that time how much fun I'm having


Listening a certain song when goes on the long drive in the car and feeling very blissful on that time how much fun I'm having


Listening a certain song when goes on the long drive in the car and feeling very blissful on that time how much fun I'm having

Listening a certain song when goes on the long drive in the car and feeling very blissful on that time how much fun I'm having

Listening a certain song, when goes on the long drive on the car and feeling very blissful on that time how much for I'm having.
Listening a certain song when goes on the long drive in the car and feeling very blissful on that time how much fun I`m having.
Listening a certain song, when goes on the long drive in the car and feeling very blissful on that how much fun I'm having
Listening a certain song, when goes on the long drive in the car and feeling very blissful on that time how much fun I'm having.
I WENT THE SHOPPING MALL.
Listening a certain song, when goes on the long drive in the car and feeling very blissful on that how much fun i am having.
i went to ppppotty for enjoyment last month
Listening a certain song when goes on the long drive in the car and feeling very blissful on that time how much fun I`m having.
Listening a certain song, when goes on the long drive in the car and feeling very blissful on that time how much fun I'm having.
MY FAVROTE FILM RELEASE IN APRIL 23
I finally was able to replace my old laptop with a newer spec'd one.
The most happiest moment i still remember when i came back from the first day of my school, i was so excited and happy to attend my classes and meet with new friends. when i return back to my home. i saw my dad were waiting for me with a glass of juice and that moment made me feel so 
special so i enjoyed a lot and felt the most happiest moment of my life.
this incident had happened last two months back.I lived in a joint family, i was aged 22yrs and i was working as a sales executive and i use to reach home around 6.30pm everyday as my office timing was 9am - 6pm, when i reached home that evening i saw my aunty crying with pain as she was pregnant and there were no one at home as she was alone. As i don't know what to do even i was also fully tried, somehow i managed to take her to hospital and later  she delivered a baby girl. That was my first time carrying a new born baby in my hand where i forgot all my tiredness and i was also appreciated by the doctor that i had brought my aunty at the right time nor she would have been in a critical situation.
A stranger gave me a compliment on my haircut
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy .
I have been struggling to lose weight for several years and i recently made it to ten pounds of weight loss on a new life style change. I am severely over weight and this is huge for me. 
I was happy to eat at a really nice restaurant
my enkement april  23
I ordered to a friend living abroad in Asia a rare and hard to find incence, but I was not allowed to be sent by post, and finnaly a friend could bring it back to me last week ! I've been waiting for it nearly one year.
When I met my girlfriend in Ibiza. Well, my ex-girlfriend. Now Iam trying to get her back. After our first night together, we went to a restaurant called L'Elephant, which is quite fancy. At some point she went to the bathroom, and as she was coming back I noticed the way the light hit her, she was wearing this purple dress. And I thought: "Iave never been so in love." That was the happiest moment of my life.
I went to dogsit my favorite pups last weeks. I am always happy to see them.
Playing games with a friend I haven't spoken to inawhile.
I got my motorcycle endorsement. 
My husband and I decided to declutter the house and focus on things we actually need.
While i was on my foot to my home after a tiring work i decided to land on a coffeeshop for a cup of  coffee.At coffeeshop i was greeted warmly and was treated like a guest and when i asked for them the reason for royal treatment, they said that it was their shop anniversary and so i can have a few advantages on that day.I was much happy for them and also for me to get myself involved accidentally .
Ayer en la noche, antes de dormir, estuve charlando un rato con mi hijo adolescente. AdemA!s de contarme cosas de su dAa, hablamos sobre pelAculas y noticias leAdas en twitter e intercambiamos opiniones
I recently got married. Unfortunately, my husband and i haven't had much time to ourselves due to guests dropping by our home for a few weeks at a time. I was really happy last weekend when everyone left and it was just us to ourselves.
Saw a bhagubali film 
Getting a new vehicle
I WEND TO SHOPPING
A pen wrote wrong.
 I WENT TO SHOPPING MALL.
Laughing so hard when telling a story you can barely make it to the end.When you've finished a really good book and you just put it down on your lap and stare into space for a couple minutes because you need to collect yourself and return to reality.Surprises. Good surprises.
Searching online for platform beds and memory foam mattresses that I plan to buy in the next month because I'm excited to get my new set!
Laughing so hard when telling a story you can barely make it to the end.When you've finished a really good book and you just put it down on your lap and stare into space for a couple minutes because you need to collect yourself and return to reality.Surprises. Good surprises.
Simply, I resolved a conflict with my sig. other, who planned ahead with me on a schedule matter. Because we regularly are at odds about schedule, the pre-planning resolution was meaningful. 

[Aside -- I realize the nature of my responses show that I don't need to be happy about having access to basic necessities, a family, stability, safety. I know I am in that way very fortunate.) 
i went to go in my favorite place in 20th singampunari
That quick squeeze from the other person at the end of a hug.
Receiving snail mail.
When you've finished a really good book and you just put it down on your lap and stare into space for a couple minutes because you need to collect yourself and return to reality.
I bought a bike and a bicycle at the same week last month. I've been dreaming of having my own bike for as long as could remember. The bicycle was also a bonus present for the family and we're all truly happy about it.
I was having lunch with my family. Since my childhood we have a pattern in our home, first everybody at our home has lunch while my mother serves and while we are on our last Roti she too joins with her plate.I was little extra hungry. She had just joined with her plate along with my sister. I asked her for Roti. She said aWait I am making one for youa and she left her seat.I held her hand and said, aMumma! I am in some cooking mood. You have food, I will make a roti for mea. She said, aWhy will you work in kitchen while I am here?aI said, aI want to make a rotia and I left my seat. Sister popped up saying, have this roti from mummyas plate, complete your lunch and then make a roti for mumma.aI said, well! You are falling for a dangerous act.Hahahahah.a I completed my lunch and started with roti, This was it! Previously I have cooked many times, but only for me. This was the first time I cooked for mother.I made a roti and served it to mother. She made 3 parts of it, one for my sister, one for my father and one for herself. They all had their parts and I was observing them with suspense about comments.Sister chuckled, Your wife is lucky, you can feed her deliciously. Father giggled, Your Gf must have said you to learn cooking this morning.Mother was little emotional, she said, My son has grown up. Roti is sweet! She was happy. Everyone was happy.It made me happy.
After putting it off i went and paid off that phone bill i owed from a while back. 
There was a big drop of csats today on the forum, and they're one of my favourite requesters.
On April 30, 2017 I obtained a new credit card that had zero percent fees on purchases for 15 months, plus 5% cash back on some purchases.
Honestly, I wouldn't even know who Pharrell Williams was if it weren't for the fact that he kinda became the voice of Daft Punk in 2013; he does the lead vocals on both "Get Lucky" and "Lose Yourself to Dance." But he's a musician and producer in his own right (just not in the styles of music to which I normally listen).
I saw a family member I haven't seen for a while.
I re-watched a short comedy tv series that I have not watched in a long time
What made me happy was when I finally paid off my apple watch with the money from Mturk. I was very happy.
It rained today!  I live in the desert, so it's something of a rare occurrence.
Today I got to be a super couponer at Walmart and walked around just buying things on the iBotta app.
I was asked to dogsit for a whole month for a dog I love!
My best friend's correct diagnosis of gender dysphoria and her subsequent seeking of treatment for the condition in order to be able to live their life honestly.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO COMPUTER CLASS.
I WENT THE TEMPLE
WHEN I FIRST  SET FOOT ON THE PLANE .I WAS GOING TO UNITED STATES  AND IT HAVE FUN 
WHEN I FIRST SET foot ON THE PLACE. I WAS GOING TO UNITED STATES AND IT HAVE FUN 
WHEN I FIRST SET FLOOT ON THE PLANE. I WAS GOING TO UNITED STATES AND IT HAVE FUN 
MY FAVROTE FILM RELEASE IN MAY 25
WHEN I FIRST SET FOOT ON THE PLANE. I WAS GOING TO UNITED STATES AND IT HAVE FUN 
I ENJOY THE HOLIDAYS FOR THE FRIENDS GO TO TOURS .I WELL excite THE PLACE .   
Bike riding with my woodbee on long trip 
Last month last week end, while i was browsing internet i found a website which influenced on my life very much, which made really very very happy.
I was having lunch with my family. Since my childhood we have a pattern in our home, first everybody at our home has lunch while my mother serves and while we are on our last Roti she too joins with her plate.I was little extra hungry. She had just joined with her plate along with my sister. I asked her for Roti. She said aWait I am making one for youa and she left her seat.I held her hand and said, aMumma! I am in some cooking mood. You have food, I will make a roti for mea. She said, aWhy will you work in kitchen while I am here?aI said, aI want to make a rotia and I left my seat. Sister popped up saying, have this roti from mummy's plate, complete your lunch and then make a roti for mumma.aI said, well! You are falling for a dangerous act.Hahahahah.a I completed my lunch and started with roti, This was it! Previously I have cooked many times, but only for me. This was the first time I cooked for mother.I made a roti and served it to mother. She made 3 parts of it, one for my sister, one for my father and one for herself. They all had their parts and I was observing them with suspense about comments.Sister chuckled, Your wife is lucky, you can feed her deliciously. Father giggled, Your Gf must have said you to learn cooking this morning.Mother was little emotional, she said, My son has grown up. Roti is sweet! She was happy. Everyone was happy.It made me happy.
yesterday i enjoyed narasimhaswami tirunalla  with my family at my village.
Last month, my mom and I were flying to an event where I was speaking. As I told her about some exciting things happening with Mo-mastery, Together Rising, and my book. she seemed quieter than usual. I asked her what was wrong and her eyes got watery. She said, Oh, itas nothing, honey. Itas silly. What? I said. Her voice quivered as she said, Oh, itas just that you and your sister are doing such world-changing, important work. Iam so proud of you. After I feel so happy.
Recently My sister came to India to Visit us. But For a quite while even before she visiting us, she has been suffering with few pains in her wrist. Initially she thought it was just due to workload. So When She came to India, she consulted our family Doctor . He reported after few scannings that she has Giant Bone Tumour (Giant-cell tumor of bone - Wikipedia) in her hand and Some Organisms have already eaten some part of her bone. So we quickly without any further delay Planned for Operation in which some part of Necessary Bone from leg will be taken and that part will be fixed in hand after removing the tumour she had. Later they thought fixing it with artificial Bone. On the day of Operation,We all family members were waiting outside while her operation was going on. Then Came Doctor and Said they needed Blood ( B+) because of the blood loss she had during operation it was making her hard to breath. I and along with My sister's Brother-in-law Rushed to Blood Bank, I decided to be the Donor , But they initially needed to check my Blood group and all that safety measures which took around 20 Minutes and They Needed Blood Soon and I Quickly Started pumping my Blood Out and Finally Reached the hospital and handed over it to them and the Operation took Place Successfully.

Don't Know why but that feeling which I Experienced while Traveling to hospital with my Blood in my Hands to my sister in need of it and tears were rolling threw my eyes is the best feeling I ever Experienced in life.
Last month we welcomed a new pet in our home. His name is richard and he is such a cute dog. He always makes me happy with his cuteness and playfulness. I really love him a lot. I was very happy welcoming my new pet to house.
I bought pop tarts for a really cheap deal from slick deals website. And it was cinnamon flavoured, so yummy.
I joined party with team after We won against warriors 120-100 and  I was mvp of the match 
I WENT THE SHOPPING MALL
WE HAVE TO TRAVELLING  THE UNITED STATES  AND  IT SAW MANY ATTRACTIVE PLACE IT WAS HAPPINESS  IN MY LIFE 
But I 
didn't get nerous I studdied harder I struggle more and 
practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it 
is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.
 i want to
share my bad days with her, my laughters, my tears,my sorrows or
even the rain, i miss her most wen i lie awake at night
and think all about the wonderful time that we spent
in each others arms,for those were the best happiest moments 
in my life that i will remember
I WELL EXCISTE THE PLACE . MY FRIENDS ALL ALWAYS  HAPPY 
last day we and my friends played hockey that time was we and me very nan and very staminas. that moment was make me happy
My wife started this shakeology program yesterday. I am so happy for her.
My wife started this shakeology program yesterday. I am so happy for her.
When unhooking my daughter from the car seat this morning, she reached for me for the first time.
It was one of the last times that all of us were together because shortly after that two of our group left to go abroad and they'll be there for about two years before they come back home.
Trump is doing a great job. He got rid of Obama Care.
I finally took the initiative to sign up for a cooking class because I've been cooking the same foods every week.
There surely are some important days in everyone's life and the one that is still the most important day of my life is last week. This was the day when I took the first step towards my career.so am happy that day
My motorcycle was in the repair shop and 3 things could've potentially caused the initial issue. Two of the possibilities were very expensive and the issue that caused it was the least expensive one.
The happiest moment in the last 24 hours was when I reunited with my best mate, Luke, and took 2 Polaroid photos before he headed back to ootty.I just wrote out several answers here on soumya and several people liked them and got something out of them. That made me happy to think that I added a little value to others' lives.
Va lekum salam

it is funny how big of an impact she have on me. it's been a
year i thought im already over with her, but im wrong.so wrong.
i'm still the guy who's madly inlove with her.i could still
remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face. i want to
share my bad days with her, my laughters, my tears,my sorrows or
even the rain, i miss her most wen i lie awake at night
and think all about the wonderful times that we spent
in each others arms,for those were the best happiest moments 
in my life that i will remember

my memorable day is my school days. i enjoy a lot with my school friend 9and 10class ..we sat in last bench. we dnt no ay abt subject i always be failed in all exams.bt last time in 10th I am passed .so surprise for me. so i finally passed....
I felt that I 
would not get better marks in that because, from 10th I 
studied in urdu medium but BA was in kannda medium.
it's been a
year i thought im already over with her, but im wrong.so wrong.
i'm still the guy who's madly in love with her.i could still
remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy..
MY COLLEGE 1ST INAUGURATION FUNCTION
 I 
didn't get nerous I studdied harder I struggle more and 
practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it 
is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.
MY COLLEGE 1ST INAUGURATION FUNCTION
Long drive in my own bike with my girlfriend
Meeting my childhood school friend after 15years.We are now besties  and I am so happy for her and thank god for getting her contact.
Last night I looked through my memories and shared with my wife a special moment with my mom. But knowing my mom had died and that there was sadness mixed in, my wife said, aYou have to find a happy moment that doesn't depend on anyone else.a I looked backwards some more and found a lot of great moments, but I still didnt feel a happy big enough to create a magical charm. This sent me on a deep inner inquiry to find Happy.
i was happy when i completed my 24 nan in a single semester.
THE MARRIAGE FUNCTION VERY ENJOYMENT OF THE FUNCTION. THE CHILDREN AND RELATIVES TO INVITE OF THE PARTY O COOL. THE FUNCTION TO DANCE SONG ETC.
The most happiest moment i still recognize when i came back  from the first day of my school, i was so excited and happy to attend my classes and meet with new friends.
Me and my sister family went to a science exhibition. My sister kid name Thishi enjoyed all the games and how each and everything works on scientific manner. He saw mulitple reflection mirror and newtons law implemented in simple games. Later we went for family lunch and enjoyed the moments.
due to married am unable to go for job by that time i got one reference and got online job which can be done from home. its easy for me to earn more money and now am more happy to buy all things
the happiest moment in my life
the happiest moment in my life is when
im with someone special,shes been in my life
for almost 6years.whenever im with her i felt
complete,yes it may sounds weird but it is true.
it is funny how big of an impact she have on me. it's been a
year i thought im already over with her, but im wrong.so wrong.
i'm still the guy who's madly inlove with her.i could still
remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face. i want to
share my bad days with her, my laughters, my tears,my sorrows or
even the rain, i miss her most wen i lie awake at night
and think all about the wonderful times that we spent
in each others arms,for those were the best happiest moments 
in my life that i will remember
My dog happy/excited to see me  home from work makes me happy
1. I was extremely happy when I realized Starbucks had half off frappuccinos during the same week as my college finals.

I placed within the top 200 of an online coding hackathon.
I purchased a beautiful vintage gold foil art print that changes color depending on the light source.
When I was told I had perfect nan by my doctor, I was very happy. 
I made denver omlette and it turned out perfectly. I have struggled to make omelettes in the past but today it went great.
I won tickets to comic con. I joined a facebook group and expressed why I wanted to go to comic con and surprisingly won! I honestly didn't expect something like this to happen to me.
Doctor wrote poem.
my friend marriage
THE MARRIAGE FUNCTION VERY ENJOYMENT OF THE FUNCTION. THE CHILDREN AND RELATIVES TO INVITE OF THE PARTY O COOL. THE FUNCTION TO DANCE SONG ETC.
To provide a virtual tour to all the major tourist places in Kerala for my guests, I have decided to travel to these places purposefully and write travel dairies of what I experienced. This is the first in the series and I hope it will be helpful, for all on tour to Thekkady.

I have been to Thekkady recently with this purpose in mind. Thekkady is also called Periyar and sometimes known as Kumily too. Kumily is the place where we normally stay and Thekkady is where Wildlife Sanctuary is located; both are just 2 -3 km apart.

Thekkady is situated 170 kms from Cochin and it takes approximately 5 hours to reach there. For most of the package trips, we go to Thekkady after Munnar which is 110km away or from Alleppey which is about 140km away. The route is a combination of hills as well as normal roads.
Thekkady is famous for the wildlife sanctuary located here. There is boating facility at Thekkady where the boat will take you around the Wildlife Sanctuary through the Periyar Lake. One can see wild animals during this boat ride but need to be very quiet. Mullapperiyar dam can also be seen during this boat ride. Note that, Mullapperiyar dam and Periyar wildlife sanctuary can be seen only during this boating and cannot be accessed by road.

For a guest who opts for one night accommodation, try to reach Thekkady as early as possible and get tickets for boating in lake. Ticket availability depends on the rush on that particular day. Advance booking is possible through KTDC where they charge Rs. 500/- instead of 150/- which is the cost for for normal booking. To do advance booking for boating at Thekkady, you may contact KTDC Lake Palace on 04869 222014 or send an email to lakepalacethekkady@ktdc.com. They will respond back with their bank account details and you can proceed with booking. To take normal ticket, you need to be in queue and need to produce ID card and your personal details.
I was having lunch with my family. Since my childhood we have a pattern in our home, first everybody at our home has lunch while my mother serves and while we are on our last Roti she too joins with her plate.I was little extra hungry. She had just joined with her plate along with my sister. I asked her for Roti. She said aWait I am making one for youa and she left her seat.I held her hand and said, aMumma! I am in some cooking mood. You have food, I will make a roti for mea. She said, aWhy will you work in kitchen while I am here?aI said, aI want to make a rotia and I left my seat. Sister popped up saying, have this roti from mummy's plate, complete your lunch and then make a roti for mumma.aI said, well! You are falling for a dangerous act.Hahahahah.a I completed my lunch and started with roti, This was it! Previously I have cooked many times, but only for me. This was the first time I cooked for mother.I made a roti and served it to mother. She made 3 parts of it, one for my sister, one for my father and one for herself. They all had their parts and I was observing them with suspense about comments.Sister chuckled, Your wife is lucky, you can feed her deliciously. Father giggled, Your Gf must have said you to learn cooking this morning.Mother was little emotional, she said, My son has grown up. Roti is sweet! She was happy. Everyone was happy.It made me happy.
I felt that I 
would not get better marks in that because, from 10th I 
studied in urdu medium but BA was in kannda medium.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy.
Happy to see RIT asking mturkers again what makes us happy today.
for my son kG graduation day celebrate i was more happy to see my baby getting convocation and certificate
Earlier today myself and another veteran got our new nan geared up and far enough into the game to join us on endgame quests and missions.
LAST WEEK WE ARE GOING TO BAGUBALI FILM WITH OUR FRIENDS FOR MIDNIGHT SHOW WE MADE A LOT OF FUN AT THEATRE 
MY COLLEGE 1ST INAUGURATION FUNCTION
When I saw my brothers report card he is doing a lot better than I expected.
THE MARRIAGE FUNCTION VERY ENJOYMENT OF THE FUNCTION. THE CHILDREN AND RELATIVES TO INVITE OF THE PARTY O COOL. THE FUNCTION TO DANCE SONG ETC.
 But I 
didn't get nerous I studdied harder I struggle more and 
practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it 
is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.
I took a trip to an out of town casino.
i'm still the guy who's madly in love with her.i could still
remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face. i want to
share my bad days with her, my laughters, my tears,my sorrows or
even the rain, i miss her most wen i lie awake at night
and think all about the wonderful timesthat we spent
in each others arms,for those were the best happiest moments 
in my life that i will remember
My little daughter came up and hugged my kneww
I was happy to see my sweet cat with his little smooshy face propped up on the couch. He doesn't often "pose" for us like that, but when he does it's the cutest thing ever.
My husband and I built a small koi pond in the backyard with no experience and it's came out 
remarkedly good.
I was happy when I went to the movie theaters with my friends and laughed with them during the movie. 
Won $10 dollars on my birthday.
I found a good midwife who does not charge extra for VBACs.
The event that made me happy happened in July of 2016 when I got hired as dod contractor deploying to Afghanistan. 
I am following a resolution to talk with my parents daily for at least 10 min and know their well being, and this makes me and my parents very happy
MY FRIENDS ALL TOGETHER FOR GETOGTHER THAT IS HAPPY MOMENT 
I WENT TO COMPUTER CENTRE
I AM GOING COLLAGE  FESTIVAL   DANCE FUNCTION  IN VERY HAPPY MOMENT IN MY LIFE. IN REALLY ENJOYED 
so a couple of months ago I graduated from university - it was a really happy time for me, and although my family and I had already celebrated finishing my degree successfully, the official graduation day ceremony was really quite special, and a very happy day, for me and my friends. It was one of the last times that all of us were together because shortly after that two of our group left to go abroad and they'll be there for about two years before they come back home.
Seeing my dog who has end-stage cancer, running down the sidewalk towards me, acting like she wasn't sick at all.
me and my friends gone to a restaurant last month. there was a cute and good speaking server as a girl. she don't know our language. but my speake and easily to her. we are shocked. so i cant forgot that moment.
My much awaited desired prolonged Velankanni trip.

One of the greatest pleasures of being in Chennai is your proximity to a lot of one day getawaysa| and nothing more exciting than planning a trip.

Even though we are in the first quarter of the year I have exhausted my leaves due to our clichA(c) dialogue personal issuesa.

Now that canat stop me from holidaying ;-)

When I sat down to plan the places to visit on my bucket list the first one that popped up was Velankanni, to visit the shrine of lady of good health.

In times of sickness this was always on my mind that when I get back to optimum health I will go and stand face to face with this mother as a sign of gratitude.

Hailing from down south in Kerala the trips to Velankanni were often registered as tedious, dirty, long trips.

I decided to create a better memory and enjoy my trip.

I did my research on climate to start with, modes of transport, hotels food, mass timings, and other tourist spots around Velankanni.

For the last two weeks I have been doing my research on the internet about Velankanni and speaking to the best hotels available for tariffs.

Something or the other came up and my two day leaves were not working out.

I planned a one day trip.

Departure - 10pm Chennai the busy Koyembedu bus stand

Arrival at the holy soil a 4.30 am.

I rushed back from my hectic weekend at work and quickly packed my backpack with clothes and other necessities, cookies to munch on and water.

Not to give extra strain on my back I preferred a Sleeper bus. There were hardly buses to Velankanni (surprisingly).I took a non a/c sleeper bus as A/c was not available. The humidity currently is beyond words could explain. I kept my fingers crossed that I should not fall ill or claustrophobic in the bus.

I thanked all the bloggers and their wonderful reviews which were so helpful choose the bus and hotel I wanted to stay in.

I would be using the hotel only during the day to refresh and catch some sleep which I have been deprived of.

Koyembedu and travel from that super busy noisy bus stand was not new to me. I sat down waiting for my bus and remembered my college days of how reckless and daring I was to walk in to koyembedu buy a random ticket to Nagercoil and further take buses to Trivandrum.

Today in spite of all the planning I was worried,

The bus reminded me of a fish .Tall and sleek and way too silvery.

Even though these thoughts happen on my thought bubble I laugh out loud, followed by an embarrassment.

The sleeper was an upper berth and had sliding windows. The bus started to move and the air fought to gush in.

I didnt want to reach velaknni at 4.30.I prayed hard for a delay in departure contradicting to the prayers of fellow passengers.

I had a small talk with the bus driver and conductor and asked him if he could drop me  at amathakulama(this was the landmark the hotel reception gave me.

After a long halt at a toll before reaching Velankanni the bus pulls in to Velankanni by 5.30.The sun was out and I was a happy child. A proactive bus conductor asks for a couple of directions and drops me at VPN hotel in Matakulam or Our ladyas tank.

The bookings we done prior to my visit and they offered 10% discount plus complimentary breakfast after my sweet talk and enquiries.

The hotel was relatively new and the rooms were spotlessly clean .

I hit the bed and woke up at 8.30am.A quick shower and nibbled through a bit of everything on the buffet, took my camera and stood outside the hotel.

Being very enthusiastic and experimental that morning, I took a shortcut to walk to our ladyas tank.

I walked and walked through a dry dusty road with no signs of a tank. Occasionally there was a signage pointing to the direction I was walking to. I finally reached my destination. There were trees with cradles tied all over with bright yellow threads.

There was the tank with a metal covering and a cross and Hail Mary stencilled on it. I could look through the small holes and see a reflection of it in the water beneath.

I walked towards the Shrine of our lady of Good health and by then the sun was at its peak. Sipped from a bottle of water I was carrying and I could see devotees crawling towards the tank from the church as a belief. I saw an exhausted woman in the verge of collapsing on the sand. She drank water from my bottle and I proceeded to the church. There was a malayalam mass happening at that time and I took that as a sign from Mother Mary Welcoming me to her abode.

I sat on the floor outside as the church was full of Malayalam speaking devotees. Post the service I entered the church and I quickly tried to remember the names I had registered in my mind of people who needed special blessings.

I felt that I was pressurised to pray and not to forget.

I did my generalised template of prayer and prayed for My parents, grandparents, uncles ,aunts, cousins, their children, relatives, neighbours in all houses I have lived in, people I have met in all cities that I have lived in, my school, colleges, juniors , seniors , classmates, faculties, teachers, mentors, guides,doctors,people who are unwell, troubled, colleagues at work, bosses.

I have always found myself in a very difficult spot trying to pray in a busy church. I never get a Holy feeling or connect.

There is always suffering around.

Visited a museum near the church with pictorial depiction of how mother Mary appeared to the milk man .The church was founded its founding is attributed to three miracles: the apparition of Mary and Jesus to a slumbering shepherd boy, the curing of a lame buttermilk vendor, and the survival of Portuguese sailors assaulted by a violent sea storm.

I walked through the dirty crowded humid roads with fruit, shell, and pirated CD vendors and reached the beach.

The sipped some tender coconut water and clicked a few pictures of the ocean.

I ate raw mangoes and cashew apple.

The resinous cashew juice burnt my stomach as I walked back to where I could take a rickshaw back to the hotel. I ordered food to the room and slept. I was content that a long term dream came true and I was relaxed after the good sleep and food at the hotel.

I lay on the upper berth looking at the beautiful full moon from the window and the wind stroking my hair getting recaps of the day which has gone bya|in spirituality and relaxation. I would probably not want to go back to Velankanni but I have memories well etched.

I VERY CLOSED TO MY FAMILY, BECAUSE ALL OF RELATIVES TOUCH  TO TRUTHFUL. VERY HAPPY FOR THIS FAMILY RELATIONSHIP ...
the last 3 month can easly and enjoyed happy moment
MY BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION ON 14/03/2017
I WENT TO KODAIKKANAL FOR OCCASION
Watching Full metal alchemist.
I was really happy when my son started giggling over a book that we were reading. It was a book about tickling, and he actually grabbed my hand to make me tickle him, while saying "tickle tickle tickle."
happy
Weare starting a new series on the Buffer blog today with great tips and insights from Joel, CEO here at Buffer. Joel will share his ideas and insights about lifehacking, building a business and working on company culture. Here is #1:
Today itas a little over three years since I first had the idea for Buffer, and with the year and a half before that which I worked on my previous startup, Iave started to notice a few patterns amongst the ups and downs that come with building a startup.
One of the most important things Iave learned during this time is that I perform the best when Iam happy. It really does change everything. If Iam happy then Iam more productive when hacking code, Iam better at answering support, and I find it easier to stay focused.
Iave found that there are a few key habits which, for me, act as great rituals for enabling me to be consistently happy. They also act as anchor activities to bring my happiness level back up quickly whenever I have a period where Iam not feeling 100%. So here are 6 of the things I do:
1. Wake up early
One of the things I love about running my own startup is that I have complete freedom to experiment with my daily routine.
Through experimentation, Iave found that waking up early every day makes me feel most invigorated and happy. It gives me a great start to the day, and this almost always leads to a great rest of the day. Over time, Iave found I crave that early morning feeling, a time I can do some great work and be super focused. Gretchen Rubin from The Happiness Project mentioned something similar a recent article:
aI get up at 6:00 a.m. every day, even on weekends and vacation, because I love it.a
Waking up early every day requires discipline, especially about what time I sleep. Right now, I have a sleep ritual of disengaging from the day at 9:30pm and sleeping at 10pm. I now love all aspects of this ritual and with it in place I awake at 6am feeling fresh.
The power with your mornings is that you will have about 25,000 of them in your life, so thereas a lot of room to experiment.
2. Exercise daily
aWe found that people who are more physically active have more pleasant-activated feelings than people who are less activea a Amanda Hyde
In the last three years, Iave gone from dabbling with exercise to it becoming something I do every weekday without fail. At first I had no idea what to do at the gym, so I asked my brother, whoas a personal trainer. I then went a few times with a good friend and soon I was hooked.
Over time, I developed this into a daily ritual so strong that I feel a pull towards it, and by doing it consistently I feel fantastic and can more easily take on other challenges. I recently discovered that exercise is a keystone habit which paves the way for growth in all other areas. Iave also found that it helps me to get high quality sleep each night.
3. Have a habit of disengagement
aThe richest, happiest and most productive lives are characterized by the ability to fully engage in the challenge at hand, but also to disengage periodically and seek renewal a Loehr and Schwarz, The Power of Full Engagement
As I mentioned earlier, a key way I am able to wake up at 6am is through my ritual of disengaging in the evening. I go for a walk at 9:30pm, along a route which Iave done many times before. Since the route is already decided and is the same every time, I am simply walking and doing nothing else. This prompts reflection and relaxation.
getting drunk
I hung out with a frined that I had not seen in years.
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
I WANT TO TEMPLE
THE MOST EXITING EXPERIENCE I GAINED WAS WHEN MY FATHER BROUGHT MY FAMILY TO EGYPT TO FURTHER HIS STUDIES 
I went on netflix and rewatched a few episodes of my favorite show.
I had heard many good things about Kerala from a lot of people and so when I decided to take a vacation with my family, Kerala turned out to be the perfect destination. Since everyone around me praised the place for itas beautiful scenery and the relaxation that it offered, I thought it would be an ideal destination for family bonding.
TravelTriangle was discovered via internet ad and I was attracted to their concept of connecting you with multiple travel agents for competitive quotes and itineraries. I chose Best Holidays India Pvt. Ltd. as my agent and was soon sorted when it came to booking a land package for my trip.
We reached Kochi at 2 PM and we were picked up from the Ernakulam railway station and taken to Munnar. On the way, we had our lunch and also saw a waterfall. We then went to the Elephant Park but, unfortunately, it was closed. So we checked into the hotel and relaxed for a while eventually retiring for the night.
We visited a number of places this day. First one was Rose garden and it was followed by a visit to the Mattupetty dam. Next was the Eravikulam National Park and the experience there was nice although we couldnat see any animals. The scenery and natural ambience there was amazing. Later, after coming back, we went for a massage and that was quite a relaxing experience.
I WENT TO KODAIKKANAL FOR OCCASION
MY COLLEGE ANNIVERSARY
went to a new film of nan
They feel validated by stories in which a human believed a computer was wrong, ignored the computer's advice, turned out to be right, and got a happy ending instead of the ominous "what if ..." of heeding the computer

I found out I passed one of my classes.  The gradebook said I had a 60% but the instructor sent out an email saying that 60% is actually a B because of the curve.
the most happiest moment of my life is when my little angle Kirtesha come out of my womb...that moment i was just thinking "oh Pillaiyarappa (God) this is MY baby MY very own baby" n when the nurse place her beside me just after half an hour she was born her smell was so nice that i can still remember...
Finding out that an Eggo waffle sandwich with gourmet cheese and vegan chicken nuggets is hella delightful on the tongue.
I WANT to go to college
I WENT TO SHOPPING MALL
 I WENT TO SHOPPING MALL.
 I WENT TO SHOPPING MALL.
MY SCHOOL DAY WAS VERY HAPPY . I ENJOY THE DAY 'S . IN THE DAY WAS farewell, MY FRIENDS AND ME ARE SAME DRESS AND ENJOY THE DAYS. 
I AM GOING TO THE COLLAGE  farewell   I AM VERY ENJOYED DANCE FUNCTION  AT THIS MOMENT I AM  REALLY HAPPY TO ENJOY IN LIFE 
ALL FRIEND HAS A MOMENT OR A FEW MEMORIES. WHIS HE REMEMBERS THROUGH OUT HIS LIFE
so a couple of months ago I graduated from university - it was a really happy time for me, and although my family and I had already celebrated finishing my degree successfully, the official graduation day ceremony was really quite special, and a very happy day, for me and my friends. It was one of the last times that all of us were together because shortly after that two of our group left to go abroad and they'll be there for about two years before they come back home.
I was having lunch with my family. Since my childhood we have a pattern in our home, first everybody at our home has lunch while my mother serves and while we are on our last Roti she too joins with her plate.I was little extra hungry. She had just joined with her plate along with my sister. I asked her for Roti. She said aWait I am making one for youa and she left her seat.I held her hand and said, aMumma! I am in some cooking mood. You have food, I will make a roti for mea. She said, aWhy will you work in kitchen while I am here?aI said, aI want to make a roti and I left my seat. Sister popped up saying, have this roti from mummyas plate, complete your lunch and then make a roti for mumma.aI said, well! You are falling for a dangerous act.Hahahahah.a I completed my lunch and started with roti, This was it! Previously I have cooked many times, but only for me. This was the first time I cooked for mother.I made a roti and served it to mother. She made 3 parts of it, one for my sister, one for my father and one for herself. They all had their parts and I was observing them with suspense about comments.Sister chuckled, Your wife is lucky, you can feed her deliciously. Father giggled, Your Gf must have said you to learn cooking this morning.Mother was little emotional, she said, My son has grown up. Roti is sweet! She was happy. Everyone was happy.It made me happy.
gave a food for 50 members as annathanam
Cooking amazing food makes me quite happy, particularly if it is very savory. Recently I made a delicious batch of hummus which I used on everything.
my daughter planned her birthday party all by herself.  Place time menu and invitations.  it was nice to see how she took this responsibility
I was outside swimming when I saw three squirrels playing tag with each other, it was a lot of fun to watch.
I won a contest to a warriors playoff game 
playing tupac shakur's greatest hits album while cleaning the house/doing household chores
Playing battlegrounds unknown with my friends
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.[3] Since the turn of the millennium, the human flourishing approach, advanced particularly by Amartya Sen has attracted increasing interest in psychological, especially prominent in the work of Martin Seligman, Ed Diener and Ruut Veenhoven, and international development and medical research in the work of Paul Anand.[citati
ChinaNite XXII: Collisions was a theatrical fashion show that I was a part of, it took up my entire semester and the show was magical
I had a happy moment recently where I talked to a friend that I had not talked to in a long time!
I WENT TO TEMPLE
every moment of my life is happy becz i leave the life in 
present but happiest moment when achieve in life some new.
He left my school when we were kids and went to boys boarding school. He came in contact with lot of our classmates through  fb. And he even visits our school whenever he comes to the town. He insisted on meeting with me.. I knew he was a decent person and doesn't speaks much., a gentleman ,very intelligent, good looking, Never been in any relationship.  We met near my house then for sometime after so many years.. His reaction was normal.. We hugged..It was good. Then he got into NDA, so he visits his home every 6 months. We met this December twice and spended a day together. 
now here is the real thing.. He likes holding my hand a lot.. whether we were walking or were in the metro... He wasn't ready to let go of my hand. We went to movie together , there too he was holding my hand all the time.. and a few times he even kind of kissed my hand. He himself told me that he likes it when i asked him jokingly that whats with this holding hands. 
  i found it weird because though he was treating me special  but these things I didn't understand  because I don't think he thinks of me that way. I'm not able to understand  his psychology. Maybe he's a nan? Or pervert?  Now he wants to meet again this time when he will come.
Yesterday, i searched and watched my most liked good old tv show episode online, which made me feel so much happy.
I AM MEEAT MY HUSHANDS
Being told you made someone's day.
Being able to rub your eyes because youare not wearing mascara.
Exploding with laughter after holding it in.
the most happiest moment of my life is when my little angle Kirtesha come out of my womb...that moment i was just thinking "oh Pillaiyarappa (God) this is MY baby MY very own baby" n when the nurse place her beside me just after half an hour she was born her smell was so nice that i can still remember...
I went to tour with my family.We went to Four days tour.Tourist place,Old temples and etc.First we go to Tanjai Siva temple.This is one of the famous temple in tamilnadu.Temple was built in thousand of years old(Built year 1010).Past 2010 year 1000 year completed this temple.
Read this article for full details:http://secretofcholas.blogspot.in/2013/01/mysteries-of-tanjore-big-temple.html
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
I was in the drive thru line at Tim Horton's coffee shop about a week ago and when I got to the window to pay I didn't have to pay because the car in front of me had paid for my order.
Aced my two nan tests today for Science and Language Arts. I got 19 and a 17 anything over 8 is passing and 20 is the cap.
Made a homemade Indian mango lassi, and it was delicious -- and I get to drink a lot more than I could've been willing to pay for at a restaurant.
I took my sonajust the two of us out of school and to the barber for a hair cut today.
Mark Greene joined after the single's release. The group then signed with the newly established Stang Records label, set up by Sylvia Robinson at All Platinum Studios in Englewood, New Jersey with her husband Joe. The group had its first hit almost immediately late in 1968 with "Not On The Outside", which reached #13 on the R&B chart and #57 on the Billboard Hot 100 (with Greene on lead vocal). Robinson then hired a management firm headed by radio stars Frankie Crocker, Herb Hamlett and Eddie O'Jay. The trio began promoting the Moments and booking them for live events in major cities. When Hamlett moved to WCMF in Rochester, New York, he booked the Moments exclusively.
I won my first match of nan BATTLEGROUNDS, where 50 teams compete against each other.
My husband aced the 2 HiSet tests he took today. I am extremely proud of him.
GETTING GOOD MARKS ON EXAM THAT KEPT ME VERY HAPPY
I started playing a new PC game called player unknown battlegrounds. It's been really fun and I've been playing it with a couple friends for the past few weeks.
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
MY SISTER MARRIAGE
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy.
I was happy when I found some LulaRoe tops that fit and were in a pattern and color that I like!
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy.
I felt that I 
would not get better marks in that because, from 10th I 
studied in urdu medium but BA was in kannda medium.
 when I was in  Armenia, my cousin came from the States to visit me and my family, and after returning back from Armenia, she was still in town. It was a nice that she was in town all summer, now then when she flew back that was the last time I saw her. We havent seen each other in more than a decade in this april, 2017, we will finally reunite. It will be an emotional yet exciting feeling and I bet you we won't stop hugging each other. Were both so excited. The reason why we couldnat see each other since then was because of the constant schooling between the both of us among other things, but this year is the year that it will happen again. I still remember her sound and the ways she was with me, but I am sure things may have changed because we are much older. Were about 2 years between each other and were like sisters. We try to keep in touch with each other often from Facebook and among other social networking sites and as well as communicating on the phone. She is such a sweetheart. I cannot wait for all the cousins to gather have a huge family reunion at my cousins wedding. A nice picture is required for sure. October seems so far away, but I am not counting the days anymore and going with the flow. I donat want to put myself in all that because its something that I am trying to get better at with patience with going on trips and looking forward to them. I need to cool off on that, but I get so excited and this is going to be extra special because I will see my cousin and it will be one of the best trips ever in my life because its a family reunion.
when i first set foot on the plane. i was going to china it is have fun.
MY husband's BIRTHDAY
joining degree
I was having lunch with my family. Since my childhood we have a pattern in our home, first everybody at our home has lunch while my mother serves and while we are on our last Roti she too joins with her plate.I was little extra hungry. She had just joined with her plate along with my sister. I asked her for Roti. She said aWait I am making one for youa and she left her seat.I held her hand and said, 'Mumma! I am in some cooking mood. You have food, I will make a roti for mea. She said, aWhy will you work in kitchen while I am here?aI said, aI want to make a rotia and I left my seat. Sister popped up saying, have this roti from mummyas plate, complete your lunch and then make a roti for mumma.aI said, well! You are falling for a dangerous act. Hahahahah.a I completed my lunch and started with roti, This was it! Previously I have cooked many times, but only for me. This was the first time I cooked for mother.I made a roti and served it to mother. She made 3 parts of it, one for my sister, one for my father and one for herself. They all had their parts and I was observing them with suspense about comments.Sister chuckled, Your wife is lucky, you can feed her deliciously. Father giggled, Your Gf must have said you to learn cooking this morning.Mother was little emotional, she said, My son has grown up. Roti is sweet! She was happy. Everyone was happy.It made me happy.
MY FAMILY TOOR IN KOOVAI IN MAY 19
My happiest moment in my life s......for my 20th birthday my dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly dat day i was so exited....i cant forgt dat day in my life,dat was my first suprise gvn by my dad..
I needed a deep color red  pair of shoes, I had purchased an outfit and I needed this particular color in order to go well with the dress, I went to so many stores as looking for this color online, would not be effective. After three hours of searching, I finally found the correct color and I was able to stop searching.
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy 
i recently watched a hollywood movie that was more attracted me  and i watch that film up to 4 times. it was an animation film.
Last week me and my wife went out for dinner at a really nice restaurant, we usually arent able to go out so it was a nice change of scenery and we both really enjoyed it.
I went to the new Afghani restaurant that reentry opened and it was fantastic.
Walking my dogs on a clear day with a light breeze and low humidity.
Afterwards I walked further north which connected to an accessable shore area where sea turtles were resting peacefully on it's shores.
We recently had our 17th wedding anniversary... that makes me so happy
Having classes. My country right now is going through some rough daily protests and I haven't had classes for a few weeks. Today, I was able to see my class and it felt good.
I received a hilariously bad haircut that's WAY too short!
WENT TO SHOPPING MALL.
A day before on full moon day i went to Thiruvannamalai, it is one of the pancha Bhoota temples.  A million people had come there to girivalam, i also joined in girivalam. All were roaming entire mountain whole night. i was happy to perform girivalam on first time.
Last week i saw my old professor in church.
GOD IS JESUS
My man Donny T. fired that cucktastic clown Jimmy Dean Comey the other day and I am elated as fuck over more and more swamp drainage.........it's a slow process you lib. regressive cucks, give it some time. 
Got to see the lady I'm crushin' on last week.
I am very happy when i go to church with my family for pray and where we all meet to akshay kumar.
it is funny how big of an impact she have on me. it's been a
year i thought im already over with her, but im wrong.so wrong.
i'm still the guy who's madly inlove with her.i could still
remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face. i want to
share my bad days with her, my laughters, my tears,my sorrows or
even the rain, i miss her most wen i lie awake at night
and think all about the wonderful time that we spent
in each others arms,for those were the best happiest moments 
in my life that i will remember
 But I 
didn't get nerous I studdied harder I struggle more and 
practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it 
is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.
Itas a trip to Kanyakumari from Bangalore. Kanyakumari is the southernmost tip of mainland India and is surrounded by three water bodies. Bay of Bengal towards east, Indian Ocean in south and Arabian Sea in west. I think it is the only place to see sun rise and sun set in water bodies in India. Kanyakumari town is named after the goddess Kanyakumari amman, a popular deity of the area. Legend has it that the goddess Parvathi in one of her incarnation as devi Kanya did penance on one of the rock of this landas end to obtain the hand of lord Siva. Tip of the day a Never ever wear any footwear which is difficult to open in Kanyakumari like sneakers or other shoes. Every place you visit, you have to open your shoe even in museum. 2nd tip of the day a Always wear socks to protect your feet from heat. 3rd tip a Protect yourself with best sunscreen lotion you have. 4th one a everybody speaks Hindi. 5th one a Hardly any non veg restaurant. Everyone is veg and I figured out only one non veg which became my favorite. Ok ok lots of free trip.

Its 22-March-2017 10:30 PM, we have boarded Nagercoil Express in Bangalore City Junction station. Since this train does not have any pantry, we had to get packed food. When I am traveling I am always double hungry than normal days. The train was full, but it was totally empty once it reached Madurai next day at 10:00 am. Runai and I were thinking whether the train will go till Nagercoil or not. Then I saw there was another family far end in the same coach.

We reached Nagercoil Junction station at 23-March-2012 2:30 pm. We came out of the station and saw lots of taxi waiting to take you to Kanyakumari. We know that they are going to take you on a ride if we hire them, so thought of taking a bus because it 20 KM from Nagercoil to Kanyakumari. There lots of local public bus very frequent to go to Kanyakumari. But then I came to know that it will take 2 hours to reach in this type of bus because it will go everywhere and will stop in every place. One person told us that if we walk a kilometer from there to reach highway, then we will get direct express bus for Kanyakumari and will take hardly 20 min to reach. Along with us there were another family who came to highway road bus stop. After waiting for 10 min, a bus came and we boarded that bus. Ticket was Rs. 18 per head and we reached Kanyakumari around 3:30 pm. We asked one fellow passenger to drop us in Kanyakumari Railway station. I had a printed google map of all the places from Kanyakumari Railway station. Anyway we got down and saw that itas the entrance for Our Lady of Ransom Church.

We decided to go to the church and then search for hotel. We did that promptly. Itas a beautiful church. A bit of information about this church a Located on the shoreline of the Bay of Bengal, the 100 year old Church in dedicated to Mother Mary. It was built in the Gothic style of architecture with a strong Portuguese influence. It is 153 feet high and is crowned with a cross of pure gold. One lady near the entrance asked me if I know Tamil and I replied yes. May be she knows only Tamil and wanted to communicate something important. She told me that behind the church, there is a staircase and on top there is a new smaller church build and we also get to see beautiful view of Bay of Bengal from the terrace. We opened our shoe and went inside the church. Interior was very simple just opposite to the decoration on outside. Then we went backstage and went to that new church which was pretty small and from the terrace we can see the beautiful sea. We could not take any picture because we did not yet open our luggage.

Next was our hotel search. Tell you something, if there are 100 houses for local resident, then there are 1000 hotels for tourist. So we decided to go near the beach and get a hotel. In the midway we found a budget Hotel Sangam. We wanted to enquire the rate and they told Rs. 1300 and 1000 for A/C and Non A/C double bed. We told its too much and we were about to leave and the receptionist told us, that they have room for Rs 600. Basically itas the same room and since it is off season, they lower the rate and I instantly booked it for 3 days. After refreshing we went to the restaurant downstairs. We did not wanted something fancy so ordered for 2 plates of lunch meal. Tell you something, I donat know what they gave in food but I till late night I was not hungry. So we decided that we are not going to go in that restaurant anymore.

We headed toward Triveny Sangam (which is the meeting point of three water bodies). I am confused here. Till now I know that there are 3 different Triveny Sangam (one near Srirangapatnam, another near Coorg and next is this one). If a traveler ask for Triveny Sangam details, where will the person refer to? Anyway itas a rocky place and no sea beach as such. There are plenty of shops for sea shells and they are pretty cheap AMO. Big shells were for Rs. 200 whereas in Chennai they are sold for min Rs. 500 for bad quality ones. We can have a so-so view for sun rise and sun set from here with lots of obstacles. After the sun set and few photographs, we left the place.
FINALLY BEFORE TWO WEEKS LOT OF RISKS TO  BUY  MY DREAM BIKE
Happiness or simcha (Hebrew: x(c)xxxaa) in Judaism is considered an important element in the service of God.[65] The biblical verse "worship The Lord with gladness; come before him with joyful songs," (Psalm 100:2) stresses joy in the service of God.[citation needed] A popular teaching by Rabbi Nachman of Breslov, a 19th-century Chassidic Rabbi, is "Mitzvah Gedolah Le'hiyot Besimcha Tamid," it is a great mitzvah (commandment) to always be in a state of happiness. When a person is happy they are much more capable of serving God and going about their daily activities than when depressed or upset
The smell of fire during the wintertime.
When you are starving and you see the waiter bringing your food over to your table.
Getting birthday texts from people you havent spoken to in a while.
my memorable day is my school days. i enjoy a lot with my school friend 9and 10class ..we sitted in last bench. we dnt no ay abt subject i always be failed in all exams.bt last time in 10th I am passed .so surprise for me. so i finally passed...
I attended a marriage in which both bride and groom were handicapped, I praised them for their bravery and enthusiasm 
I refretted my guitar with stainless steel frets.
We next went to thirunallaru temple karaikudi district in tamilnadu. This is a world famous temple for sani bagavan.
Read this links about this temple:
https://desisnopes.wordpress.com/2013/11/03/how-thirunallaru-saneeswaran-is-slowing-down-satellites/
http://factsfootprint.blogspot.in/2012/09/nasa-saturn-planet-india-big-mysteries.html
http://justiceprovider.blogspot.in/2011/10/nasa.html

I noticed a feral cat walking across the street in my neighborhood. I saw him for 3 consecutive days. He seemed hungry and I put some cat food out for him on the 4th day, I watched as this feral cat ate a good meal. I've been feeding him now everyday for a month.
I had a mammogram that came back all clear!
When my mother got a promotion in her workplace and was making more money.This made me happy because now my household has more monthly income to help meet the needs of everyone. She got a promotion and has to work more hours everyday so she comes home later which is good because she sleeps easier and makes more money each month. The extra money helps pay for my invisalign and other expenses so it is really nice. 
I drove to Ontario Oregon and back with my 1979 motor home..Iam pretty darn happy about this accomplishment only i was able to drive it but my vehicle was the best and made it over those huge mountain passes,
Spending mother's day with family and relatives made me super happy
My son laid the smack down on a punk ass jabroni.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
today i got frustrated by the bus timing and everything but i did manage everything and it is fine and great..
The smell of fire during the wintertime.
When you're starving and you see the waiter bringing your food over to your table.
Getting birthday texts from people you havent spoken to in a while.
Actually last week i installed a new car racing game in my laptop system, which was amazing and superb with high level graphics, which made me really very happy.
me and my friends gone to a restaurant last month. there was a cute and good speaking server as a girl. she don't know our language. but my speake and nan to her. we are shocked. so i cant forgot that moment.
 i want to
share my bad days with her, my laughters, my tears,my sorrows or
even the rain, i miss her most wen i lie awake at night
and think all about the wonderful times that we spent
in each others arms,for those were the best happiest moments 
in my life that i will remember
every moment of my life is happy becz i leave the life in 
present but happiest moment when achieve in life some new.

I MEET MY OLD COLLEGE MAT .. AND WE DECIDE A TRIPE IN SINGAPORE
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy.
I MEET MY OLD COLLEGE MAL.... AND WE DECIDE A TRIDP A OOTY
In today's world we all seek happiness and can benefit from a little more happy in our lives.  How does one go about doing that and where do you start ? How about creating a happy movement for yourself ? The how, in a word it starts with your PASSION. What are you passionate about? When you think of your passion often times itas your hobby and not necessarily your job.
Although my son broke his leg over the weekend we had no idea how bad the break was until today when we went to the ortho doc to get his cast. Its a long spiral break that has lots of surface to heal. So the doc said its good. He got a hard boot cast.
When i went a small vacation at goa.
MY FAMILY VISITED TP nan BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
Haven't heard anything about Shia's HWNDU garbage for over a month now so it seems that after four losses, the dude's depression has fully set in and he has fully accepted the butthurt, which I am glad for him for because this path he was on was suicidal.
We all feel very motivated do our job the best way we can when we have a very good training program. Thereby you can receive better feedback  you can work more focused and you can improve your skills when you know you'll be rewarded.
today i got frustrated by the bus timing and everything but i did manage everything and it is fine and great..
I ate an orange after lunch today. It was SOOOOOOO juicy and SWEEEEEEEET that I can't even describe it.
When you've finished a really good book and you just put it down on your lap and stare into space for a couple minutes because you need to collect yourself and return to reality.
I was having lunch with my family. Since my childhood we have a pattern in our home, first everybody at our home has lunch while my mother serves and while we are on our last Roti she too joins with her plate.I was little extra hungry. She had just joined with her plate along with my sister. I asked her for Roti. She said aWait I am making one for youa and she left her seat.I held her hand and said, aMumma! I am in some cooking mood. You have food, I will make a roti for mea. She said, aWhy will you work in kitchen while I am here?aI said, aI want to make a rotia and I left my seat. Sister popped up saying, have this roti from mummy's plate, complete your lunch and then make a roti for mumma.aI said, well! You are falling for a dangerous act.Hahahahah.a I completed my lunch and started with roti, This was it! Previously I have cooked many times, but only for me. This was the first time I cooked for mother.I made a roti and served it to mother. She made 3 parts of it, one for my sister, one for my father and one for herself. They all had their parts and I was observing them with suspense about comments.Sister chuckled, Your wife is lucky, you can feed her deliciously. Father giggled, Your Gf must have said you to learn cooking this morning.Mother was little emotional, she said, My son has grown up. Roti is sweet! She was happy. Everyone was happy.It made me happy.

it is funny how big of an impact she have on me. it's been a
year i thought im already over with her, but im wrong.so wrong.
i'm still the guy who's madly in love with her.i could still
remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face.
 it's been a
year i thought im already over with her, but im wrong.so wrong.
i'm still the guy who's madly in love with her.i could still
remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face.
my Forex account was surplus for today trading, all was blue
I spoke to my cousin who I hadn't spoken to in 20 years. We spent an hour on the phone talking about our childhood, the family, what happened in our lives. He was my favorite cousin and it was great to reacquaint ourselves. we agree to keep in touch and i've talked or email him a few times since then.
I got accepted to Amazon mtruk which made me feel happy recently i enjoy the micro tasks and the little assignments that they give me I learn a lot about myself and i gain money at the same time. I feel like this is the future of work where most people will be working at home on their laptop and machines will be running most of daily activities. I stayed feeling happy for a long time and i will stay this way I believe. 
The day i received my children's report cards
WE ARE TAKE AT THE SELFIIE WITH A TEDDY BEAR . AND GO TO THE GARDEN AND MANY PLACES . WE TAKE THE FLOWERS , FOOD ITEMS. IN THE VACATION IS REALLY ENJOYABLE AND  LOVED IT . THIS TRIP USEFUL FOR US . MY SCHOOL DAY IS REALLY LOVED .  
today i got frustrated by the bus timing and everything but i did manage everything and it is fine and great..
I RECENTLY WENT KODAIKKANAL FOR OCCASION
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy.
 i want to
share my bad days with her, my laughters, my tears,my sorrows or
even the rain, i miss her most wen i lie awake at night
and think all about the wonderful times that we spent
in each others arms,for those were the best happiest moments 
in my life that i will remember
my dad support me always. he speak with my husband gave the judgement
I got over twenty 1.12 csats today, my favourite kind of hits! ^.^
I took a day off and watched kdramas and had pizza.
Lady asks me that it is first delivery?
I hired a company to build 3 stone planters behind my condo.  I've planted English Roses and hydrangeas.  It makes me very happy.  I can see the roses from my windows, but really enjoy the garden when I'm sitting on my porch.
When my 6 year old that is in Kindergarten had her artwork accepted in an art show. There are 813 students at her school and she was one of 8 that were picked. Her dad was also in that same art show when he was in school.
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
MY EX'S GIRLFRIEND BROKE UP WITH HIM ON SATURDAY.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy.
The events which made me very happy when I heared the news of my son's BE degree graduation convocation certificate 
 celebration events announced by the institution.
I enjoyed alagar festival that was celebrated in madurai. I saw god alagar in golden chariot with our family members.
my happy moment is yesterday we went to vijqayawada there I meet my boyfriend after 6 months I was so happy yesterday and he talked to me and felt very happy and emotional and we breaked up and yesterday we came together
I enjoyed alagar festival that was celebrated in madurai. I saw god alagar in golden chariot with our family members.
I ENJOYED ALAGAR FESTIVAL THAT WAS CELEBRATED IN MADURAI.I SAW GOD ALAGAR IN GOLDEN CHARIOT WITH OUR FAMILY MEMBERS.
I ENJOYED ALAGAR FESTIVAL THAT WAS CELEBRATED IN MADURAI.I SAW GOD ALAGAR IN GOLDEN CHARIOT WITH OUR FAMILY MEMBERS.
1 month before i went to canada and niagara falls and its so wonderful and i really enjoyed that moment
It was my two-year old son's birthday and I had organized the party.  He was speaking only a few words at a time.  But after the birthday, when we came home he said, "Thank woo mommy birthday."  I was so happy and I hugged him:)
I ate a bagel two days ago. That bagel was super, super good. It made me soooooo content.
I SHOW THE MOVIE LAST WEEK.
I watched a YouTube video by the channel Cow Chop.
when i gave my speech at my friends wedding, i had the place rolling.
I WENT TO nan.
I WENT TO TEMPLE. 
Stomouch swallon.
MY FAMILY VISITED TO nan BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy .
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy 
After celebrated alagar festival we went to thamukam ground to saw the exhibition with childrens then we went to shos on that ground and buy the cosmetic's items.
my lover gave me a gift and it was so exciting he told me to come to our meeting place and then he gave me the gift Monday and it was so nice and it was my favorite he loves me so much
After celebrated alagar festival we went to thamukam ground to saw the exhibition with childrens then we went to shops on that ground and buy the cosmetic's items.
AFTER CELEBRATED ALAGAR FESTIVAL WE WENT TO THAMUKAM GROUND TO SAW THE CELEBRATION WITH CHILDRENS. THEN WE WENT TO SHOPS AN THAT GROUND AND BUY THE COSMETICS ITEMS.
AFTER CELEBRATED ALAGAR FESTIVAL WE WENT TO tamukkam GROUND TO SAW THE CELEBRATION WITH CHILDRENS. THEN WE WENT TO SHOPS AN THAT GROUND AND BUY THE COSMETICS ITEMS.
AFTER CELEBRATED ALAGAR FESTIVAL WE WENT TO THAMUKAM GROUND TO SAW THE CELEBRATION WITH CHILDRENS. THEN WE WENT TO SHOPS AN THAT GROUND AND BUY THE COSMETICS ITEMS.
WE WENT TO KODAIKANAL.
Had one of the new midnight mint frappucinos from Starbucks.
LAST MONTH MY BIRTHDAY I HAPPY THE EVERY MOVEMENT.
I had eggos this morning. I love eggo waffles.
I bought a deep fryer so i can make homemade donuts 
This poem of Drydenas, aOne Happy Moment,a is a very intense and sensual love poem to another person. To begin, the poem opens with the statement: aNo, no poor suffaring Heart, no Change endeavour / Choose to sustain the smart, rather than leave hera (lines 1-2). The speaker instantly creates a tone that he has suffered from the difficulties of love in the past (apoor suffraing Hearta and ravished eyes) but how he now cannot keep himself away from this woman (lines 1-3). Dryden explicitly states that he would adie with hera just to not live without hera due to her intoxicating charms, which connects to a common characteristic surrounding love in literature at this time: the heart is so infatuated with another it will disregard everything just to be with that person 
I think a key part of why learning new skills can bring happiness, is that you need to concentrate in order to make progress. The flow state has been found to trigger happiness.
i'm still the guy who's madly inlove with her.i could still
remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face. i want to
share my bad days with her, my laughters, my tears,my sorrows or
even the rain, i miss her most wen i lie awake at night
and think all about the wonderful times that we spent
in each others arms,for those were the best happiest moments 
in my life that i will remember
i'm still the guy who's madly in love with her.i could still
remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face. i want to
share my bad days with her, my laughters, my tears,my sorrows or
even the rain, i miss her most wen i lie awake at night
and think all about the wonderful timesthat we spent
in each others arms,for those were the best happiest moments 
in my life that i will remember
I discovered /r/startledcats, which is hilarious.
We enjoyed to go meery go round , giant wheel, Dora Dora , Columbus etc....
on going these merry go round we shouting aloud as much as possible that moment made made very blissful.
 MY SURPRISE GIFT FOR ME
Today, my son turned 7 and I turned 23.  Yes, I had him on the day I turned 16.  The choices I made when I was a teenager were foolish, and sometimes I get worried Iam bringing my son up wrong.  But today I took him to the park to celebrate our birthdays.  He played for hours with a girl who has burn scars that cover most of her face.  When my son took a break to eat, he pointed to her and said, She's so pretty and cool!a  Which left me thinking, aI must be doing something right as a mom.a
They feel validated by stories in which a human believed a computer was wrong, ignored the computer's advice, turned out to be right and got a happy ending instead of the ominous "what if ..." of heeding the computer."There are none happy in the world but beings who enjoy freely a vast horizon"--said Damodara, when his herds required new and larger pastures.



actually catching the nan hit
We had breakfast paninis and they were wonderful!
I planted some peony roots just a few days ago and today one is already emergingggggg.
There are times when it is difficult to find what our inner self looks for, I was happy to find that every time I fall at such moment, I question myself what I want?
I am 7 months pregnant and set a pretty high goal of paddleboarding out to a smaller island off of Oahu (about a mile) to swim in a popular tide pool. The day came as planned to do it with my friend and there was a pretty gnarly storm going out but we toughed it out and made it to the island and hiked around the side of the island to take a dip in the tide pool. 
I was very happy to rate my subordinates' rating for this year.
My blissful moments could be different from mine. perhaps when I come home, I get to greet the pet I have missed terribly that day.
The day my first daughter was born.  It completely changed my life
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy.
Last week I went to Ooty for an excursion. There I met my collegemate. She also came there for a summer trip along with her family members. We both introduced our family members. We met after a long period of 15 years. We all were very happy.
this year is the best year in my life because i scored very good marks in my class in my unfavourable subject in my class test occured in february month.my hardwork and my parent encouragement makes my unfavouable subject to favourable subject and also i scored well.my unfavour subject is mathematics.this is the happiest moment in my life in the past 3 months.
Today, my dad turned 91.  He barely has enough strength to speak.  But every time my mom (sheas 84) walks into the room to check on him, he says, hello beautiful.
I got access to some new art books that are both really motivating and extremely interested.
MY FAMILY MEMBERS VISITED ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
yesterday i was out of gas about to spend my last 2 bucks on gas to move to another parking lot as i live in my car, a man saw my situation and gave me five dollars, which is not much gasoline but lasted my three days.
Bike Drive From my work place to valaparai Hill station. I love mountains , trekking and Bike riding. It was a blissful moment in my recent life.
When I went to machu picchu with my girls. 
I love hiking and since the winter is ending I thought I'd go hiking however I did not estimate how overgrown the vegetation would be at the park. I decided to take a hike up to the point of a mountain called bee rock. I'd been there in the summer when the trails were easy to follow but now in the spring there is a lot of vegetation covering any of the trailers up. I ended up taking a wrong turn and took THE most steep road that had climbing portions which I don't normally do and didn't bring the proper equipment for. But I kept going until I got to the top and everything from up top was so peaceful, the view of the city was amazing, the struggle to the top had all been with it. It was not too cold or too hot, nobody else was up there, just me and the rock and the city. Honestly I wanted to stay up there forever but then I realized I had to find my way back down.
I WENT TO TEMPLE.
Face Timing with my 2 grandsons yesterday on the eldest's birthday yesterday was a happy time.
We lost track of time. Days become weeks, then months. You made me live again. I am not expecting anything anymore but you bring me happiness each day, knowing that you're here again. I couldnat see you but I could feel your presence once more.
I bought excellent new work boots that fit well and are comfortable.
i player carrom board with my elder brother. he was hits the shots very superb and certainly pockets two coins at a shot. i can not believe. he is every shot very powerful and brilliant play. so that moment was make me happy
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM 
Got a cannon pixima printer for free, just need to buy ink. 
Got some great chicken from the store to go with my favorite french fries.
Me and the granddaughter went to the water park
yesterday working on mturk i made about 5 dollars, which i will be able to transfer to get this weekends gass
My cat gets what i call the midnight madness. About a month ago he was very hyper active so i decided to mess with him. I would hide behind a curtain then junco out and see him un across the room. He'd come back and try to find me again and I'd run towards him. This went on back and forth all the while I was laughing because he was acting crazy and was finally getting some EXERCISE in (he is a fat cat). The whole even was just so fun and playful. At one point I brought one of his play mice out and I pretended the mouse was scratching his cardboard scratcher to which he retaliated by diving onto the box and mouse. Just over all fun and happiness.
The last happy memory in the past couple of months has been watching my son learn to crawl for the first time. To add onto that, watching my two sons interact and laugh with each other like i've never seen before is incredibly heart warming. 
I WANT TO TRAVELS
We lost track of time. Days become weeks, then months. You made me live again. I am not expecting anything anymore but you bring me happiness each day, knowing that you're here again. I couldnat see you but I could feel your presence once more.
Getting to hold a house finch fledgling made me quite happy.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy..
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy..
 I felt that I would not get better marks in that because, from 10th I studied in urdu medium but BA was in kannada medium medium. But I didn't get nervous I studied harder I struggle more and practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.
I felt that I would not get better marks in that because, from 10th I studied in urdu medium but BA was in kananda medium. But I didn't get nervous I studied harder I struggle more and practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy.
As I received the additional income I planned to go and enjoy a kill station on 13th May  The Name of the kill station is aOOtya   I want to escape from my native place the very hot place.  So I and my family members went by a car to aOOtya.  The weather in OOty was so cool and enjoyable.  One day we visit Muthumalai Kadu a tiger sanctuary.  There we enjoyed the safari ride on the back of elephant with the forest officers .  The Practiced Elephants were doing some extraordinary actions.  Wearing Garlands to God , showing light to God  and eating a ball of their food through its trunk were something wonderful to see and very much enjoyable .  We are all felt very happy. 
I SAW THE PAGUPALI 2 FILM.
my memorable day is my school days. i enjoy a lot with my school friend 9and 10class ..we sat in last bench. we dnt no ay abt subject i always be failed in all exams.bt last time in 10th I am passed .so surprise for me. so i finally passed.
Follow Hppy Appsas board Awesome workplaces on Pinterest.
White walls and uncomfortable chairs arenat the greatest amplifier for creativity. If you're not getting the greatest results from your brainstorms, surely the monotone work environment has its role. Maybe a colorful room, with all kind of inspirational images on walls, a comfy chair and a hilarious rug will kick off that wild imagination of yours.
my student got full mark  in my subject(science). My student nan got 496/500 and got 100/100 in science in my subject. 
 I WENT TO COMPUTER CLASS.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I got Churro's from The Churro Man's Churro truck... they are SO good
I was so happy about my IELTS score. I have reached upto the mark on all the four parts (Reading, Writing, Speaking, Listening). That marks are very helpful for me to attend the embassy Interview on next month.
I received the results of my semi-annual bladder cystoscopy that showed that I am cancer free.
I had brought a luxury car past month.I feel highly accomplished about the event.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy
Driving my brothers car when he was visiting me, it's a nice Subaru Impreza with lots of power and I just love it.
In the past 3mth i cousin delivered a baby boy n after few years she got a nan I was so happy to take the small baby in my hand 
LAST SUMMER HOLIDAYS  WAS  AN  UNFORGETTABLE  EXPERIENCE. MY FRIEND ALWAYS  ENJOYED MANY PLACES. WE  ENJOYED OWR  EXCURSION WITH ENJOY AND  BEAUTI FIL.
On the examination results released by the government examination i am eagerly waiting to i see the result of my brother,when the website was visible to saw the results that time i felt very excited .after seeing his mark ,i am very happy 
My daughter gifted me a painting depicting a mother and daughter on mother's day.
i am prabhu in my name my last 3 months is to see in me my happy to all my   sux life in my all the sotray in last last manthi my marigein my life in my wife in my romans time in all well good wel suxvall life in day night in sex ya life vee good 
mater in life in ve  good ve in my wife in good com sex in my life in enjie
THE LARGE DAYS BEFORE I AM HAPPY AT THE MOMENT OF THE BIRTHDAY PARTY SO I AM VERY ENJOY OF DAY.
The day that my youngest daughter graduated from preschool and moved into kindergarten.
When me and my girlfriend made up after a big fight that we had. We apologized to each other and talked things out.
My daughter in law does not need a tonsillectomy.
My my mother in law came out successfully from operation theater, I felt so happy
3 days ago, my wife went to take a pregnancy test with a Dr, after her normal cycle was not coming yet and the Dr. told her, after an echosonography, that she may be pregnant It makes me feel happy because one day after her cycle came out.
My happiest moment was when I gave birth to my son. After nine long months of waiting to meet him, at last that day come. I was just so happy, and its unexplained!
Sitting on your desk all day long could have long term negative effects on your health. And as we all know unhealthy people are not happy. A chair that makes you feel like youare in heaven, which keeps you relaxed while you work, can transform the nasty tasks in a breeze. And isn't this a great reason to be happy?
 I WENT TO  shopping mall.
I WENT TO temple
Taking a break once in awhile itas the key to success. So, why wouldn't you take advantage of your free time to revitalize your body and to relax your brain cells?
MY FAMILY VISITED TO nan BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
i took tution to one kid and that kid is very weak in her subjects and i made her to write her last exams very well. She got pass in that exam. i feel very happy.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy.
It happened three months ago. My mother birthday event. She is thirty five year old woman. ... She was very excited. ... I came to America, and I feel happy things, because I had many things to do... Also, it was really sad, because I knew that I wouldn't see my father for a simple reason. After a week my father knew that event, I really feel very happy.
On reaching my home on that day, My relatives talk to me and they blessed my brother. They were very proud of my brother. On that time, i felt so blissful. 
On reaching my home on that day, My relatives talk to me and they blessed my brother. They were very proud of my brother. On that time, i felt so blissful. 
On reaching my home on that day, My relatives talk to me and they blessed my brother. They were very proud of my brother. On that time, i felt so blissful.
On reaching my home on that day, My relatives talk to me and they blessed my brother. They were very proud of my brother. On that time, i felt so blissful. 
On reaching my home on that day, My relatives talk to me and they blessed my brother. They were very proud of my brother. On that time, i felt so blissful. 

On reaching my home on that day, My relatives talk to me and they blessed my brother. They were very proud of my brother. On that time, i felt so blissful. 

On reaching my home on that day, my relatives talk to me and they my brother. They were very of my brother  on that i felt so blissful.
On reaching my home on that day, My relatives talk to me and they blessed my brother. They were very proud of my brother. On that time, i felt so blissful. 


On reaching my home on that day, My relatives talk to me and they blessed my brother. They were very proud of my brother. On that time, i felt so blissful. 
On reaching my home on that day, My relatives talk to me and they blessed my brother. They were very proud of my brother. On that time, i felt so blissfull. 
On reaching my home on that day, My relatives talk to me and they blessed my brother. They were very proud of my brother. On that time, i felt so blissful. 

On reaching my home on that day, My relatives talk to me and they blessed my brother. They were very proud of my brother. On that time, i felt so blissful. 

On reaching my home on that day, my relatives talk to me and they blened my brother. They were very proud of my brother, a that itme i felt so blissfull.

On reaching my home on that day, My relatives talk to me and they blessed my brother. They were very proud of my brother.On that time, i felt so blissful.
On reaching my home on that day, my relatives talk to me and they blened my brother. They were very proud  of my brother. On that time. I felt so nan.
MY FAMILY MEMBERS VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
MJY  FRIEND  ALWAYS  THAT DAY  LONG FRIP  FOR MARE  PLACES  WITH  ENJOYABLE   FOR US. THAT MOMENT IS  REALLY unforgettable  EXPERIENCE  IN  MY  LIFE  HISBORY. WE ARE SO  ENJOYED AND LOVE THAT MOMEN.
on reaching my home on that day,my relatives talk to me and they  blessed my brother they were very proud of my brother on that time felt so blissful
Ha well good my fir ind we  good in my life we good haid in my life is good we ar my firnd to all prising see tha grond in cricket in filling in good daily  moring 6 to 9 all cricket nan crickt in grond my mare in momand I am 6 ball sex to bat i see good 
MY FRIEND ALWAYS THAT DAY LONG TRIP FOR MORE PLACES WITH ENJOYABLE FOR US. THAT A MOMENT IS REALLY UNFORGETTABLE EXPERIENCE IN MY LIFE HISTORY.WE ARE SO ENJOYED AND LOVED THAT MOMENT.
When I rode four wheelers in the mud with a bunch of new friends and had a cookout afterwards.
Before I start with the second thing I must tell you that I am a passionate traveller and  I love going to places where very last amount of people go or knows. It was 14th of April and  we were just sitting and thinking of where to go this weekend. I researched a bit and planned a trip to Maaldevta WaterFall which is in Dehradun, Uttrakhand(India). Everyone agreed and we took off. Its a 2 hours drive from our place and after reaching to a point you have to go on a trail which takes you through a dense forest. At first we went on a wrong path and after going on about 2-300 mtrs on an inclined path which is about 7o degree angle our sixth sense kicked in and we realised we are going on a wrong path. We came back and started started again. After walking for about 20-25 minutes we got a glimpse and sound of the waterfall. I can't tell you how beautiful it was. We increased or pace and when I got the full view of the waterfall I just stold there completely still admiring its beauty. It was so mesmering that I can never forget it my entire lifetime. 
Reading people's text messages in their voice.
Making eye contact with the person you were looking for in a crowd.
The *sparkling* feeling you get after taking off a facial mask.
My sister talked she is pregnant 
I gathered a elder flowers to make elderflower syrup with my mum.
Yesterday the lady living next door appraises me she was very happy with me and praised me 
My partner got off the plane from an unexpected trip. She was gone for an entire week. The girls and I misse dher immensely. We didn't have a chance to talk much the entire time she was gone. Seeing her again was great.
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.
I WENT TO SHOPPING MALL.
 I WENT TO COMPUTER CLASS.
Man sat on buffallo
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy
I was struggling at college, having a hard time studying and trying to get higher grades. I had an exam yesterday. after it a friend told me aIam proud of you! your persistance despite everything you've been through is remarkable and I admire you for ita
On reaching my home on that day, My relatives talk to me and they blessed my brother. They were very proud of my brother. On that time, i felt so blissful. 

On reaching my home on that day, My relatives talk to me and they blessed my brother. They were very proud of my brother. On that time, i felt so blissful. 

 
a reaching my home on  that day my relatives felt to me and they blened my brother they were very proceed of my brother . on that time felt so blissful.
It means when we get the desired one in our lif, that is 
the most happiest momen. the happiest movent is change to 
person to person and time to tie, as far as regarding my 
moment is concened when got admission in BA. I felt that I 
would not get better marks in that becz, from 10th I 
studied in urdu medium but BA was in kannda medium. But I 
didn't get nerous I studdied harder I struggle more and 
practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it 
is the most happiest moment in my life according to me
SUMMER  FRIP WSEFUL  FOR US. IT ENRICHES OUR MIND AND DEVELOPES A CDSMOIPO LITAN   OUT LOOK.
Someone at work complimented me on my performance. I was so flattered and happy to know my work was recognized.
My daughters dance performance in her dance school
he good life in my wife in cricket in ve good we well good my life to car dirv in bier to car my life so good mi last 3 months in my life in ve good 
SUMMER TRIP USEFUL FOE US.IT ENRICHES OUR MIND AND DEVELOPS A COSMOPOLITAN OUT LOOK.
my lif is good im work in be ve all in butty in my 3 month work is good ve poromote in my life good my life  is good we good my life  sux well good my life in good we good my potner in sux in sanday in ve good life in good all ve best good my life in all friend in good ve ll good 
I felt very happy when I was able to get a special vegan treat at an annual conference I went to that others had non vegan items.  I asked the guy holding the conference in advance to please make sure they had options for me.  Thankfully they made a special salad and had special veggie treats for my afternoon snack.
When you drop your phone and it doesnat shatter.
Reviewing the past year and realizing how far you've come.
Successfully scavenging for those extra fries at the bottom of the bag.
I rewatched the last season of game of thrones.
It was my second visit to Guruvayur, one of the famous spiritual destinations of Kerala. First I went before my marriage with my entire family with a bundle of personal demands to plead in front of Vasudeva, lord who had rescued his devotees from Demons and miseries. 



I was excited with the ambiance of the temple and its surroundings. That was first experience in my life. This great temple is well-known for its epic stories related to its origin and its devotees. 



It was my two years planning to go once more to Guruvayur but due to several reasons I have been postponing it. This was my word to come once more to Guruvayur. 



We started our journey from Thekkady on early morning in my car. The distance from Thekkady to Guruvayur is 210 km and 5.30 hrs journey. 



Thrissur is well-known as cultural capital of Kerala. Thrissur is famous for its temples; Vadakkumnathan Temple, Thiruvambadi Sri Krishna Temple, Paramekkavu Temple and Guruvayur Temple. Thrissur Pooram is world renowned one because of its peculiarities. It was also considered as the spiritual and cultural destination of Kerala. 



My mind was filled with joy and excitement that I enjoyed from my first visit. My grandfather, who died before ten years, was the motivation behind my spirituality. But he was a complete devotee of Lord Shiva. He used to wake on early morning and do chants of Lord Shiva. He was truly innocent and never uttered a hard word against anyone. He taught me to chant the mantras of Lord Shiva, Dakshinamurthy, the Guru of this universe. I have been practicing this from the age of fourteen but after I went to Bangalore it was stopped. 



We entered to Thrissur town at 6 o'clock morning. My grandmother reminded me, aWe are near to Vadakkumnathan Templea. I asked to a pedestrian, he showed me the way to Vadakkumnatha Temple. The temple is encircled by Thekkinkadu Maidan where Thrissur Pooram is conducting every year. 



We entered to the temple after parking my car on parking ground. The security person warned me against entering with my six month old baby. According to beliefs children below one year of age are not permitted to enter in temples like Lord Shiva and Bhadra kali. 



It is a big Temple by its surroundings and minor deities are located each corner of the temple. We entered in front of the sanctum sanctorum (Sree Kovil). It was my first time visit to a famous Shiva Temple in Kerala. The ambiance of the temple and its surroundings are quite astonishing one for any devotee. When we finished our prayers we came out of the central entrance. We saw a person approximately at an age of 40 standing in front of the main entrance and chanting the mantras written on the board placed near there. I felt the voice that coming from the bottom of his heart and each and every ending of those stanzas he was raising his hands and praising Lord Shiva. The transcendental spiritual vibrations embraced me for some time. I felt my grandfather was with me that moment. 



Time went a lot, we were wanted to go Guruvayur the prime destination of us but we forget it for some time. I have drove fast to get rid of the traffic. We reached at 9 o'clock in Guruvayur. 



The much awaited visit, but I was exhausted with confession. The crowd was almost double compared to my previous visit. After Nivedyam we entered to central shrine Lord Krishna in Balakrishna form. I felt myself awful that I could not keep my words. I started my journey to see Guruvayurappan but instantly changed everything. After prayers we went to Mammiyoor, temple of Lord Shiva. We were stayed one day in Guruvayur and after seeing Nirmalyam we returned from Guruvayur to home. 



I drove my car with a disturbed mind but after sometime I remembered my grandfather's words aLord Shiva and Vishnu are different forms of Supreme God aheada. 



Next time I have planned go Guruvayur first, but I do not know what will happen when I see Vadakkumnathan Temple in the midst of the city of Thrissur.
My new job is the next happiest moment in my life, I was hardly in search of a new job, but couldn't get through that for long time. Last month I got selected in an MNC, which made me happy a lot. Since I had worked hard for it God provided me a good job , thank God.
Compartir con mis amigos, beber cerveza y jugar cartas y domino
I checked the mailbox and had a handful of wedding RSVPs waiting for me.
About a month ago I gave birth in the most peaceful way. Before I was even pregnant my husband and I decided on a middle name for our little boy that actually means peace; isn't that interesting? It makes me so happy to experience a birth without the medical chaos my last one had. My last birth was a painful early (36 weeks) induction despite having an epidural (not what I had wanted)! This birth was a water birth without pain meds of any sort. I kept thinking it was going to be worse than it was, or I wasnat capable of doing this thing called childbirth without medication like my last. But to my utter surprise, it wasnat and was far easier and less painful than my first! Even my dear husband and midwives were impressed with my pain tolerance and joy and laughter between contractions that were apparently off the charts. It was an absolutely incredible and beautiful experience for both my husband and I. I wish I could do it every day; it made me that happy. 
My son had one of the main parts in his play. He delivered his lines with great dictation and it sounded so good. He was given top priority in his class.
I was happy when I ate my favorite meal, a calzone, at my favorite Italian restaurant.
I get to relax and watch the warriors play tonight at my friends house 
Got to see my grandson.Have not seen him since he was 6 months old cause my son n his mother do not get along.. Run into His mother n him at the store . He is now 2years olds.. May had only been a few moments. But it has made me to happy seeing him . giving him a hug . Telling him i love him n miss him. Cheerish the moments you get with loved ones.. Been a month now and i still am very happy i saw him 
last sunday we went to bullwinkles with our daughter and had a blast playing the games and just being in the life .
I chatrouletted with a man in Pakistan and he sang a lot of songs to me and I sang some back.

He interested me because he was so quiet and solitary and so happy withal; a well of good humor and contentment which overflowed at his eyes.They feel validated by stories in which a human believed a computer was wrong, ignored the computer's advice, turned out to be right and got a happy ending instead of the ominous "what if ..." of heeding the computer.
I happen to have a small interest in hummingbirds, and living in the old-town area of pocatello, Idaho like i do, people tend not to see many of them.  I was curious one evening last month and found a site on the little birds.  One had been spotted just a few streets away which never really happens.  Although I have been wishing we would have some at the apartments I live in, it also made me happy in that they might be fun to look for this summer. 
A month ago, my sister and I were traveling to an occasion event where I was talking. As I educated her concerning some energizing things occurring with Mo-dominance, Together Rising, and my book she appeared to be calmer than normal. I asked her what wasn't right and her eyes got watery. She stated, Oh, it's nothing, nectar. It's senseless. What? I said. Her voice shuddered as she stated, Oh, it's quite recently that you and your brother are doing such world-changing, critical work. I'm so glad for you. After I feel so upbeat.
I purchased a new video game two weeks ago, "Mass effect" for my playstation. All of the reviews were pretty sub-par, but i figured i would give it a chance. To my surprise, not only was the game fun, but is something that i look forward to playing (at least for the now) quite a bit.
I binge watched the new season of one of my favorite shows.
My family spoiled me for mothers day. I was happy all day.. They let me sleep in.. My husband n children cleaned the house all up before i got up . My daughter went and picked me some wild flowers for the living room.. We all spent the day together watching movies and just good family time..Husband and my son made dinner up for everyone. cherish your family <3
Ozma was happy to have Dorothy beside her, for girls of her own age with whom it was proper for the Princess to associate were very few, and often the youthful Ruler of Oz was lonely for lack of companionship.The creek where the whippoorwills nested, the rolling hills of wild flowers, and the soothing sound of meadow larks - they were all the sights and sounds of a happy childhood.

Read more at http://sentence.your dictionary.com/happy#Kpbv2I4fqO3VQbvb.99


Watch a movie of terror at home, eating cotufas and snacks
Having lunch with my two best friends on Saturday made me happy.
I found lots of pottery shards, arrowheads, metates, and other artifacts scattered about and buried on our new property.
VISWA  IS MY BEST. HE IS MY ELDER BROTHER.HE WAN MARRIED TO MY FRIEND RHYA .IT IS AN IMPORTANT EVENT IN MY LIFE  THE WEDDING FUNCTION  WAS HELD AT ST XAVIER CHWCH. THE PARISH PRIEST BLESSED THE GOLDEN THALI  ALL OUR RELATIVES AND FRIENDS WERE PRESENT FOR THE FUNCTION.
It means when we get the desired one in our lif, that is 
the most happiest momen. the happiest movent is change to 
person to person and time to tie, as far as regarding my 
moment is concened when got admission in BA. I felt that I 
would not get better marks in that becz, from 10th I 
studied in urdu medium but BA was in kannda medium. But I 
didn't get nerous I studdied harder I struggle more and 
practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it 
is the most happiest moment in my life according to me
MY FATHER IS COMING MY HOME
I found a great deal on hard drives and bought a 2TB one for $30
The most happy moment in my life was an attend my first day classes of IELETS/TOEFL  i was so excited and happy 
to attend my classes and meet with new friends.
when my father caught me smoking cigarette and did not say a thing
My nan got masters.
I decluttered an area of my office, and it looks much better.
I cleaned and decluttered my house, which has been very calming.
My neighbors getting evicted, i normally would feel bad in this situation but they are the most uncoolest people on planet. I have never been happier at the moment. 
Yesterday I was so happy because I heard one good news about my spouse. He got a opportunity to Delhi visit for office purpose.
I had a really productive meeting at work with my boss and supervisors. They congratulated me and gaved me the responsiblity of starting a new project. I was really happy. 
A is for Arabian sea. B is for beach. When these two come together in Kerala, you understand why Kerala is for Godas Own Country. Our debut visit to Kerala was a short one. And as cliched as it sounds, it gave us a complete understanding why Kerala really is Godas Own Country!
Free walking tour is the first activity we look out for in any new city. Here in Trivandrum, we were told of an active movement called the tree walka. We grab any opportunity of meeting and interacting with the locals. A tree walk sounded like a perfect way to do that!
During the walk, we met Anitha, who started this movement with other like minded tree lovers of Trivandrum. Every Sunday, they meet in a locality, select a species for the day and observe those trees. They have now undertaken a more serious task of conducting a census of the trees and creating a database.
Thanks to Anitha and her colleagues, we saw the original version of the rubber tree. Original, Anitha told us, was alike it would grow in the wild, without being modified for maximum rubber productiona. The only time we had seen it earlier was in the Amazon. Surprisingly, the rubber conflict was a topic discussed in our tour of the Amazon, as well as during the tree walk in Trivandrum! Some issues are indeed of a global nature!
I was really hungry, and a grilled a 14-ounce pork ribeye. It was delicious and satisfying. 
Letas say you choose a job just for paying your rent and you're waiting for a dream job opportunity. But, whatever you're doing you want to be appreciated for your work. And how can we judge a fish by its climbing skills? We canat.
Happiness is the best part of life, in fact, being happy is all we need. If you are feeling happy, you love to let your friends and family know about it. It is a wonderful feeling too, especially when you realize that they are glad to see happiness and smile on your face. Maybe thatas all they are looking for.
Our house helps little girl was struggling to get admitted in a school. The 5 year old was denied admission a few months ago to a local school because she was underage for the class. So, today I decided to speak to the teacher in charge and to my surprise she agreed to consider her candidature for the same class for the new session. This was indeed a great achievement and made me extremely happy.
today i bought 2 gold studs from a jewellery, which i liked it very much, which makes me happy.
one thing that made me happy yesterday was getting chipotle. I was very hungry and eating made me feel fulfilled.
I have a crush on this girl I met through an app and we've met about a month ago and have been talking since then.  I've never met her in person but we have facetime each other, well we had an argument a week ago and she didn't talk to me for approximately 3 days and I really thought that was it until she facetime me last night!  I had the best feeling ever it was like going to your favorite ice cream place and ordering your favorite flavor, I felt warm inside.
i'm still the guy who's madly in love with her.i could still
remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face.
i'm still the guy who's madly in love with her.i could still
remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face.
go to hotel,park,cinema with my friends so i really enjoyed
My happiest moment is my college days,because weekly two or three days we bunk the class and go to film, beach any resort. this is my happiest moment.
My happiest moment is my college days,because weekly two or three days we bunk the class and go to film, beach any resort. this is my happiest moment.


My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy
EVERY MOMENT OF MY LIFE IS HAPPY BECAUSE  I LEAVE THE LIFE IN PRESENT BUT HAPPIEST MOMENT WHEN ACHIEVE IN LIFE SOME NEW.
I would love to be happier, as I'm sure most people would, so I thought it would be interesting to find some ways to become a happier person that are actually backed up by science.
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM

I was having lunch with my family. Since my childhood we have a pattern in our home, first everybody at our home has lunch while my mother serves and while we are on our last Roti she too joins with her plate.
I was little extra hungry. She had just joined with her plate along with my sister. I asked her for Roti. She said aWait I am making one for youa and she left her seat.
I held her hand and said, aMumma! I am in some cooking mood. You have food, I will make a roti for mea. She said, aWhy will you work in kitchen while I am here?a
I said, aI want to make a rotia and I left my seat. Sister popped up saying, have this roti from mummy's plate, complete your lunch and then make a roti for mumma.a
I said, well! You are falling for a dangerous act.Hahahahah.a I completed my lunch and started with roti, This was it! Previously I have cooked many times, but only for me. This was the first time I cooked for mother.
I made a roti and served it to mother. She made 3 parts of it, one for my sister, one for my father and one for herself. They all had their parts and I was observing them with suspense about comments.
Sister chuckled, Your wife is lucky, you can feed her deliciously. Father giggled, Your Gf must have said you to learn cooking this morning.
Mother was little emotional, she said, My son has grown up. Roti is sweet! She was happy. Everyone was happy.It made me happy.
I WENT TO COMPETAR COLAS 
I WENT TO HOSPITAL FOR HEALTH CHECKUP.
I WENT TO Temple
Last night i had a wonderful dream of seeing colorful light flowers in a tree, which made me feel really very very happy.
One afternoon I was at the store. I saw a lot of traffic and people. I could hear the people saying, hurry up!aa I could smell junk food. I was feeling so happy because it was Halloween.

I was passing by the street and I saw this old lady who needed help. She was 61-years-old, as tall as a tree, and her shape was skinny. Her hair color was white as snow. Her skin color was white as well. Her eyes were brown. She had pink clothes. Her eyes seemed to be saying to help her cross the street.

People were crowding like an angry mob. Another thing I could see was people wearing their Halloween costumes like they couldnat wait to get their own hands on the candy.

Finally, it was late and all of the people went trick or treating. Then I helped the lady cross the street, so she could go buy candies. She went home to give out candy to the kids. Afterwards, she was happy that I helped her.
We all feel very motivated do our job the best way we can when we have a very good training program. Thereby you can receive better feedback  you can work more focused and you can improve your skills when you know you'll be rewarded.
like if you have just achieved your life's primary goal, got a promotion at the job or maybe you have successfully proposed a girl of your dreams, and she is ready to marry you. WOW! These are the best and happiest moments of life. Why not share it with your friends and family. Theyall be glad to know. So, nowadays we are keeping ourselves connected to our family and friends through WhatsApp.
The most happiest moment of my life is when my little angle Kirtesha come out of my womb...that moment i was just thinking "oh Pillaiyarappa (God) this is MY baby MY very own baby" n when the nurse place her beside me just after half an hour she was born her smell was so nice that i can still remember...
My dad appreciates me for performing good in business
today i went for an exhibition, i enjoyed it very much. which makes me happy.
we ate pizza at Wolfgang Puck restaurant 
Cleaning up my kitchen and seeing the clean kitchen afterwards
 i want to
share my bad days with her, my laughters, my tears,my sorrows or
even the rain, i miss her most wen i lie awake at night
and think all about the wonderful time that we spent
in each others arms,for those were the best happiest moments 
in my life that i will remember

 i want to
share my bad days with her, my laughters, my tears,my sorrows or
even the rain, i miss her most wen i lie awake at night
and think all about the wonderful time that we spent
in each others arms,for those were the best happiest moments 
in my life that i will remember
LAST SUMMER HOLIDAY WAS AN UNFORGETTABLE EXPERIENCE IN MY SCHOOL LIFE  WE PLANNED TO GO AND AN EXCURSION TO A HISTORIC PLACE  WE ENJOYED OUR EXCURSION.
Shares i bought rise up to 5 %.
LOVER IS EVERY BEAUTIFUL POSAN
i got my lost passport
The happiest day of my life was when I got the chance to be one of the EMS. I felt like I was being carried away by them because the EMS are expert in lit as well as in linguistics. they are also taught to be a good citizen of our society.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy
It means when we get the desired one in our life, that is the most happiest women. the happiest movement is change to person to person and time to tie, as far as regarding my moment is concerned when got admission in BA. I felt that I would not get better marks in that because, from 10th I studied in urdu medium but BA was in kananda medium. But I didn't get nervous I studied harder I struggle more and practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.
It means when we get the desired one in our life, that is the most happiest women. the happiest movement is change to person to person and time to tie, as far as regarding my moment is concerned when got admission in BA. I felt that I would not get better marks in that because, from 10th I studied in urdu medium but BA was in nan medium. But I didn't get nervous I studied harder I struggle more and practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.
I replaced my broken keyboard by finding nan online.
A friend of mine was on the verge of crying. She just threw herself at me, clutched at my clothes, and sighed with some relief as I held her tightly. I was overwhelmed she found comfort in my embrace. I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me aI donat know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this mucha I was struggling at college, having a hard time studying and trying to get higher grades. I had an exam yesterday. after it a friend told me aIam proud of you! your persistance despite everything you've been through is remarkable and I admire you for ita
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO shopping
Somehow I ended up with the best parents in the world. Iave always been grateful to have them, and I know that Iam the badass I am today in large part because of them.

Most people would consider themselves fortunate to have great parents. However, I ended up with the coolest grandparents ever, as well. My last living grandparent died more than 16 years ago, but I think of all of them often.

But I never had the opportunity to meet one of my grandparents. My dadas mom, Florence, died in 1979, six years before I was born. My grandpa George remarried shortly after my birth, and his second wife, a saintly, kind woman named Marie, became my grandma, and I loved her as much as all of my biological grandparents.

Iave often wondered about Grandma Florence though.
She was just fifty-seven years old when she died, and Iam ashamed to say that I donat remember if it was from ovarian cancer or cervical cancer. I think ovarian. Whatever the cause, she died way too young.

But just because I never met her doesnat mean that she hasnt had an impact on my life. She has probably impacted my life more than any other person who Iave never met. That might not make sense, but let me explain.

I donat remember how old I was when I learned that Grandpa George had a wife, and my dad had a mom, who Iad never met. I suspect I was six or seven-years-old, but I donat remember learning that information for the first time. It seems like something I always knew, even though Iam sure it isnat.

I remember seeing pictures of her, and once visiting her grave. My sisteras middle name is Florence, and I knew why.

The earliest impact that I recall Grandma Florence having on my life came one rainy night when I was nine or ten-years-old. My dad, my two sisters and I were in the car and joking around. I donat remember what we were talking about, but at some point the conversation turned to wishes. If we could have just one wish, what would it be?

Iam sure my sisters and I wished for common kid stuff: a million dollars, school to be canceled, a TV in my room. Real dumb stuff to waste a wish on.

And then we asked my dad what head wish for. And he said, aI wish my mom was still alive so she could meet you guys and see how proud I am of you.a

Holy cow.

The joking atmosphere in the car immediately became more somber, and I donat remember if any of us said anything. But I remember thinking to myself, aHe sure must love us if heas going to use his one wish for that.a

I knew he loved us. Despite his occasional moodiness, none of us ever questioned that we were the most important part of his life. He and my mom told us they loved us often, and that they were glad to have us. But his wish just seemed to kick things up a notch.

Since that night, whenever I think of Grandma Florence I think of that conversation in the car, and Iam reminded once again just how much my parents love us. And that never ending, unconditional love has provided so much support for me over the years that I have no doubt itas the foundation of every single positive thing I do in my life.

I think itas also the reason that I feel such a devotion to my kids and to my wife. I know how it feels to never have to wonder if anyone loves you completely and unconditionally. Iave known that all my life. And I want them to know it, also. I never want them to wonder if thereas anyone who loves them so completely.

In sixty-two days, on August 10, it will be the 100th anniversary of Grandma Florenceas birth. I donat know if anyone else has plans to celebrate it, but in my house well get an ice cream cake, and well sing Happy Birthday. And Iall tell my kids the few things I know about Grandma Florence, and Iall tell them the story of that night in the car.

And Iall do my best to make them feel as loved as I did when I heard my dadas wish.
I won a game of PlayerUnknown's Battleground.
Had a record day on mturk earning for 30 dollars in one day
Drinking a ginger tea , thatas all there is , this week hasn't been very exciting or happy , in fact itas been rather tiring and stressful but itas fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.
I was able to see my girlfriend last night. 
The warriors are making it to the finals 
My happiest moment was when I gave birth to my son. After nine long months of waiting to meet him, at last that day came. I was just so happy, and its unexplainable!
I am went the mahal .i purchase many things for my own use.i am very happy to spend that time 
Talking to a girl im interested in over facetime 
An event that made me happy was going out to dinner with my sister and celebrating her birthday at one of our favorite restaurants.
Had a surprise samosa(an indian tasty snack) brought by an unexpected friend. i was little hungry in the evening and was a bit lazy to prepare anything so was thinking to order something but out of no where one of my friend visited me and he had few samosas his room mates. During our chat i just asked him i am ordering something to eat you want anything, he said hey man i have samosas, sorry i forgot to ask. i was like whaaaat...thanks buddy. 
I went to thirupati temple with my friends last week, we were spend there 2 days and were roaming all over the place.
I'm going to make myself a sandwich and get back to work.No matter how sorry Alex was for what happened, or how many times he apologized or tried to make up for it, he couldn't remove the hurt.Sure, he'd had some rough times, but she had never done anything to make him think she would be unfaithful.More than that, he was willing to make concessions - in front of the children.It shouldn't make any difference if he's adopted.They didn't make it to the restaurant.
I went to catsit for my friend who is in europe, and her cat was so happy to see me... she really trusted me, and she lay on the ground while I gave her a thorough petting... she was purring the entire time
I made some sugar cookies.  I used coconut oil in them instead of plain old vegetable oil and the coconutty flavor really made them good.  Then, I dipped the cookies in some coffee which was even better.  
eating a delicious lunch with fresh deli  meats
My cat, Tripp, mrrrwd at me, stretching up to me sitting at my desk chair, and asked me to pet him.
I was in the bathroom when my 3 year old daughter woke up. I called out to let her know where I was, and she came down to the bathroom door and repeatedly asked if I was done yet. (This was one of the first times where she hadn't insisted on being inside the bathroom with me.) I told her, "almost," and she replied, "Can I just sit here? I'll just sit here by the door and wait for a little while." The way she said it was so sweet, and I like hearing words she can't quite pronounce. ("Little while" was said as, "yiddow why-oh.")

The next question asks how long the event made me happy and I wasn't sure what to choose. The event made me happy for a few minutes, but the memory has made me happy again several times today.
see in happy an 1 day in my life in wee good in my life in so good in trow in life we good and happening  my life we good in life my friend in good my life enjing in my life good ve to wee life good dring in my friend in ve good in my life last 24 hours in ve life we good life in my fuduy
Happiness is so interesting, because we all have different ideas about what it is and how to get it. Itas also no surprise that itas the Nr.1 value for Bufferas culture, if you see our slide deck about it. So naturally we are obsessed with it.

Sometimes I found that in my happy moments I could not believe that I had ever been miserable every gift, whether it warmed your spirit or brought you disappointment is a blessing
Drinking a ginger tea , that's all there is , this week hasnat been very exciting or happy , in fact itas been rather tiring and stressful but itas fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.
I found a friend who can dogsit while I'm on vacation.
My cat came over and nuzzled my face, it was so sweet.
My wife made me a panini today out of focaccia bread.  It was absolutely amazing, and the best part, I didn't have to make it.  
I was recently blessed to have a very special moment with the girl I love. Restricted by distance and various other constraints, we never had the chance to make love to each other. But we changed that this week.We have been in love since the past six years and always dream of becoming one someday. Both of us were virgins and had never experienced love making. We finally had the blissful moment and it was truly very special. I will always cherish the beauty I saw on her face when I was inside her for the first time. As I slowly proceeded and she felt me inside her, I experienced the change of expressions on her beautiful face. She felt pain from my movements, and watching her under me getting those feelings from me was eternal bliss. She guided me and asked me to go further, even during the painful moments. I could feel so much love between us as we proceeded through the act with just our eyes doing the talking. I could feel the trust, love & passion we had for each other in that moment. There was so much purity. We wanted it so much, and finally after years of patience, we had the chance to connect our mind, body and soul into one.I experienced the beauty of pure love with my girl. That moment of love with her is my life's most beautiful moment.

i accept in only girl love propose day i am happy
It was when I taught my Grand Mother to use my brand new iPad Pro and Apple Pencil and she was delighted to use it.One weekend, when I went to my home with my brand new iPad Pro and iPencil, I was curious to let my Grandma use it.That day, she was on her way to temple when I made her sit with me and taught few basic things of the iPad.My Grandma is wonderful brave and 76 years old lady, who successfully completed her 8th grade of those days (A great matter of fact in those days who was brought up by a Step Mother). At first, it was all fantasy for her. She refused to touch the screen or pencil. But, after a small demo that I showed, she volunteered herself to try it out.Here are some beautiful picture of hers trying this eraas gadget.The first thing she wrote in iPad is my Grandpaas name in Tamil .Then, she wrote all my family members name. I wonder she follows the order even in writing our names.
It was when I decided to cut my hair and be sober, that was a great experience, as i had once failed a drug test due to that. 
I saw clips of BTS winning at the BBMAs.
I was driving one day, and I gave some spare change to an old homeless woman I'd been pitying for a while now. I got a wide smile from her and a blessing. It felt really good to do something charitable.
aIf my dog doesnat like you. I donat like you.a And, aIf you donat like my dog Iam happy to lock you in a room when you come over.a Or, aLeave me alone. Iam only speaking to my dog today.a From my perspective, my dogs truly ageta me. From their perspective, Iam a loving deliverer of treats and play. Weare a perfect match.
GO TO HOTEL,PARK,CINEMA I ENJOYED WITH MY FRIENDS
EVERYTHING ELSE BECOMING MOER INTERESTING WHEN ITS EXAM TIME ENJOYING THE MOMENT. WHEN I HEARED THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF EXAM TIME TABLE, AT THAT TIME, I FELT LITTLE TENSED FOR PREPARATION. BUT AFTER COMPLETED ALL THE EXAMS, I REALLY FELT FREE WITH BLISSFUL.
Everything else becoming more interesting when its exam time Enjoying the moment.When I heared the announcement of exam time table,  At that time, I felt little tensed for preparation. But after completed all the exams, I really felt free with blissful. 

h. 

Everything else becoming more interesting when its exam time Enjoying the moment.When I heared the announcement of exam time table,  At that time, I felt little tensed for preparation. But after completed all the exams, I really felt free with blissfulness. 


Everything else be coming more interesting when its exam time enjoying the moment. When i heared the announcement of exam time table, at that time, i felt little tensed for preparation. But after completed all the exams, i really felt free with blissful.
Everything else becoming more interesting when its exam time. Enjoying the moment. When I heared the announcement of exam time table, At that time, I felt little tensed for preparation. But after completed all the exams, I really felt free with blissful.
I COOKING TODAY BIRYANI.
My new nan came in the mail, it has a picture of a cat on it. 
I got a nice deal for the DSLR camera that I have my eyes on for at least 1 month.
I got to eat my favorite homestyle meal of chicken fried steak. So good! 
I know now who is the woman of my life and I feel happy to know her from here on out it will be awesome experience. 
I won a free frosty at Wendys.
My boyfriend is making me my favorite chinese food entree for dinner.
I got accepted to mturk's site,
Had a frappuccino for breakfast
happy in my life 24 hoyres sunday my gailes in going to  sex ve anjing my life aver vekand in  onday in sex my life 3 to 4 gailes in sex super well my happy
Day in and day out my dogs are a focal point of my life. From the responsibilities to the fun things, not a day goes by when they donat put a smile on my heart. I resonate with statements like, aIf my dog doesn't like you. I donat like you.a And, aIf you donat like my dog Iam happy to lock you in a room when you come over.a 
Everything else becoming more interesting when its exam time Enjoying the moment.When I heared the announcement of exam time table,  At that time, I felt little tensed for preparation. But after completed all the exams, I really felt free with blissful. 
I got all my housework done that I wanted to accomplish and was able to catch up on laundry!
played cards
I WANT TO READING.
I WANT TO HOSPITAL
The surprise started with a card from the post office put through my letter box.  The card said that they had tried to deliver a parcel to me, but because I was out when they called they hadnat been able to leave it, so Iad have to go and pick it up from the parcel depot.  I was intrigued.  I hadnat ordered anything online, it wasnat my birthday, and I wasnat expecting anything exciting in the post at all.  I had no idea what it could possibly be.  The next morning I went to the post office with some ID to prove who I was, and collected the parcel.  It was a box, about the size of a shoe box, wrapped in a dark grey plastic packaging, with the name of the company ablurta on it.  I was none the wiser, I didnt recognise the company and couldnat tell who it was from by the wrapping. 

I waited until I got home, and then I opened it.  The parcel contained a brown cardboard box which said 'Buddy Boxa on the outside.  Inside, was a collection of rather random, but very charming gift items.  They included a pair of socks made from bamboo; some rather strongly scented soap (I wasnat too sure about that!); a little blank pad of writing paper with a cover decorated with cactus plants, a asew your owna cactus kit (that was very bizarre) and an ultra-thin pen for sliding inside a diary or notebook!  There was still no card to say who it was from, but just an anonymous typed note saying aI saw this and thought of you!a  It was a completely unexpected gift, sent by someone, somewhere to cheer me up.  Iad had a rather bad time recently following a bereavement and losing my job as well, so Iad been quite down, knowing that someone was thinking about me was really touching, and as well as being a surprise, made me very happy.  The parcel came just a month ago, so it is a very recent surprise, but a lovely one. 
i was very efficient with work today, money was good.
My happiest moment was when I gave birth to my son. After  nine long months of waiting to meet him, at last that day came. I was just so happy, and its unexplainable!
My husband was ignoring me and I laid in bed thinking of funny words with the word "sass" in them to describe him (like Sasquatch) - it amused me greatly.
One of the other redditor gets really excited when this HIT becomes available on r/HitsWorthTurkingFor and it makes me smile to see other people happy like I did a few minutes ago.
I set up my 4th of 5 tests for my highest. If i can get these last two tests finish i can be in the graduation ceremony.
My husband bought me pumpkin spice pop-tarts on clearance, it was near expiry. I was so happy to see them, they are so epic + at so low cost. I had to do cardio with him at night to burn those extra calories #SexyTimes
When I was able to catch the bus at the usual time. I thought I was going to miss the bus which meant I would've had to wait another 20 minutes.
my life my family has been very involved in spiritual practices. Finding my own spirituality and developping it has become a priority. It's almost a life project. I can often manifest feelings of incredible happiness within me, just when I think of the world and realize the way it is, and realize I am happy to be conscious of the way things are.
I am happy in my commady invasmaend in share market gold in top in my life in one day $3000 dollar i well happy in mylife in one day  happy in 24 day in my life in 
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy
I ate delicious carne asada tacos and elotes for lunch today.
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
Today we won football match in the local football tournament played by various colleges of the city. The match was very fun but at the same time very tough. But in the end we were able to win the match. That was very exciting and happy moment for me.
I got to eat reese's cups
In the past 24 hours I went with my friend for icecream in her new scotty but was fun to ride her scoty 
There are multiple reasons for being happy, like if you have just achieved your life's primary goal, got a promotion at the job or maybe you have successfully proposed a girl of your dreams, and she is ready to marry you. 
I became happy when I was able to get to the store to buy a bottle of wine and a few budritas.
I got to eat Monical's pizza pizza.
Being able to sleep has made me happy. I'm suffering from extreme vertigo when I lie down which brings spins and it feels like i'm on a boat rocking and on a roller coaster. It's the most awful situation. I have had a hard time relaxing and going to sleep. But I was able to get some sleep last night and that was very good for me and made me happy.
When my children were getting along and laughing and playing with each other.
I eat the last of the fancy caramel popcorn. That stuff is awesome!
I WANT TO TEMPLE.
I WANT TO TEMPLE.
everything else becoming more interesting when its exam time enjoying the moment. when i heared the announcement of exam time table, at that time, i felt little tensed for preparation. but after completed all the exams, i really felt free with blissful.
Seeing how YOUNG TCruise looks at 55 meaning Big Dad will never get old
good well happy in my gaill farind in sex in my life to my fist sex in my life in One day my life vary happy in my life is so good well ve my sex momand in my life he fist sex in my life is he in good my happy
GO TO HOTEL,PARK,CINEMA WITH MY FRIENDS SO I REALLY ENJOYED
I WENT TO Tempie
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy
I started hitting harder and more difficult shots while playing basketball
Iall start with the where and when, because that makes more sense of the story.  It was a Saturday morning about two and a half years ago.  I went down to my local park near to where I live in Sheffield, to take part in a 5km run which is a regular weekly event called Parkrun, which lots of people in the UK participate in, there are over 364 different Parkrun events held in open spaces across the UK so it is quite a phenomenon.  This particular event is quite large, with around 500 runners - of all different ages, backgrounds and speeds a taking part.  On this particular day, after the run I was walking away towards home when I suddenly saw a face I recognised.  aHelloa, I said, ahello Lucya she replied, and that was the beginning of our reunion.  The person Iad recognised was someone I had been at school with thirty years ago in a completely different part of the UK.  When she finished school, shead moved away to Sheffield to study and made a home here, I hadnat kept in touch with her, so when I myself moved to Sheffield to take up a new job some 25 years later, I had no idea she lived in the same city.  We met each other completely by chance after three decades, and recognised each other instantly.  It was certainly a surprise!  What made it even more unexpected, was that we were both taking part in a sporting activity.  At school, neither of us had enjoyed physical education, or PE as it was then called, and quite often had skipped school to avoid it!  It was so funny to us both that we should meet up after so long, at such an unlikely occasion and in a city hundreds of miles away from where we used to live as children.  We went off for a 'quick' coffee to catch up, and ended up talking solidly for over 3 hours!
Like I said before, i'm going through a rough patch in life, so I meditate, it allows me to disconnect from reality, and lifts my mood, I meditated last night before bed to calm down and get happy.
I got some pop on sale at the store.
I WANT TO READ
trying hard to find the mobile when it is in non-vibrating silent mode, i searching the phone all around in my house, but i kept in my pocketttttt. ath that time, all the members of my family looked me and started to laugh.
I ate my favorite candy, kit kats, as a snack.
all my farind in trow in sinkapur all in my fraind in he enjai in my life is good well ve happy  15 friend in twor in i well he anjai in my life happy in sikapur in well good travell in my life in good 
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy
Drinking a ginger tea, thatas all there is, this week hasn't been very exciting or happy, in fact itas been rather tiring and stressful but itas fine, a cup of tea can fix anything.
we won cricket match tournament last month.Very happy movement for that time.
MY MEMORABLE DAY IS MY SCHOOL DAYS I ENJOY A LOT WITH MY SCHOOL FRIEND GAND 10CKASS 
MY MEMORABLE DAY IS MY SCHOOL DAYS I ENJOY A LOT WITH MY SCHOOL FRIEND AND 10 CLASS . WE SAT IN LAST BENEH .WE DNT NO AY ABT SUBJECT I ALWAYS BE FAILED IN ALL EXAMS BUT LAST TIME IN 10TH I AM PASSED SO SUPRISE FOR ME SO I FINALLY PASSED.
The very big sollution of the marriage functions the enjoy to take the guys
The *sparkling* feeling you get after taking off a facial mask.
When you drop your phone and it doesnat shatter.
Reviewing the past year and realizing how far you've come.
Received a message yesterday from a school saying that my son has got admission in that school. It was my life dream to have education for my kid in that school. So I am feeling very happy about it.
My happiest moment is my college days,because weekly two or three days we bunk the class and go to film, beach any resort. this is my happiest moment.
My happiest moment in my life for my 20th birthday my dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly dat day i was so exited....i cant forgt dat day in my life,dat was my first suprise gvn by my dad.
I was having lunch with my family.

Since my childhood we have a pattern in our home, first everybody at our home has lunch while my mother serves and while we are on our last Roti she too joins with her plate.

I was little extra hungry. She had just joined with her plate along with my sister. I asked her for Roti.

She said aWait I am making one for youa and she left her seat.

I held her hand and said, aMumma! I am in some cooking mood. You have food, I will make a roti for mea.

She said, aWhy will you work in kitchen while I am here?a

I said, aI want to make a roti and I left my seat.

Sister popped up saying, have this roti from mummyas plate, complete your lunch and then make a roti for mumma.a

I said, well! You are falling for a dangerous act.Hahahahah.a

I completed my lunch and started with roti,
This was it! Previously I have cooked many times, but only for me. This was the first time I cooked for mother.

I made a roti and served it to mother.

She made 3 parts of it, one for my sister, one for my father and one for herself.

They all had their parts and I was observing them with suspense about comments.

Sister chuckled, Your wife is lucky, you can feed her deliciously.

Father giggled, Your Gf must have said you to learn cooking this morning.

Mother was little emotional, she said, My son has grown up. Roti is sweet!

She was happy. Everyone was happy.

It made me happy.
I FaceTimed (videochatted) with my best friend for an extended period because he wanted me to feel better.
MY HUBBY'S BIRTHDAY EVENT MADE ME HAPPY. WE WENT TO TEMPLE FOR WORSHIP. EVEN THOUGH IT WAS A HECTIC DAY I WAS HAPPY.
A few weeks ago i was in town and I bumped into an old maths teacher of mine. For this Blog I will call her Mrs A. Mrs A is quite a pleasant lady who always had a big smile and hello for me, which is kind of surprising and makes me feel a bit guilty for some of my behaviours towards her when i was at school. Back then I hated all teachers, the authorities. For me they were the enemy and Iam sure they didnt think much of me either. I recognise that I didnt give teachers an easy time I lacked the empathy and understanding to recognise that many teachers were just trying to do their best to do their job.

That day in town Mrs A and I had an interesting conversation regarding ADHD. First of all we did the pleasantries, asking each other how we were, Mrs A explaining she had been retired for a number of years and then we briefly discussed how great it is to see the sun. In Co. Fermanagh it is always a topic of conversation if the sun comes out because it usually never stops raining.   Then Mrs A asked me what I was working at these days and I explained that I was a founding director of Adult ADHD NI an organisation set up to support Adults and families affected by ADHD etc. etc.. Mrs A said well done Niall, that sounds like good work your doing. Then brightly laughing she said isn't it funny in my day there was no ADHD we called them BOLD CHILDRENa

Well I was glad she said it because I went on to tell her the following story, perhaps not quite as detailed, but she got the idea. It was actually Mrs Aas class that gave me a greatest understanding of how my school had failed me due to lack of knowledge or willingness to support students with various needs.   It was in year 4 that i ended up in Mrs As math class. Mrs As math class was what ye called top maths at my school. The maths class for the brainy students, the students that got everything really easy and the students that automatically understood how a2 + b2 = c2. So what the hell was I doing there? I was still trying to work out when they started adding the alphabet to sums, I must have missed that day. The reason I was there was due to the teacher I had from the year before. For this Blog ill call her Mrs B.

Mrs B was my ultimate nightmare. From the very first moment I met her at the door of her classroom Mrs B was screaming at me. At that particular moment she had no reason to scream at me but I can only assume that she had heard from other teachers that I had been a handful and she was not for taking any nonsense. Nonsense was my speciality, if I couldnat be nonsensical I had no idea what my role was. She ordered me to sit right in front of her at the top of the class and the second I opened my mouth she was down on me like a ton of bricks.
Finding out that there is no work next week because of company holiday nan ecstatic. 
I WENT TO shopping mall
 I Experienced while Traveling to hospital with my Blood in my Hands to my sister in need of it and tears were rolling threw my eyes is the best feeling I ever Experienced in life.

One thing that made me happy was beating a level on diablo with my roommate last night.
toady is so auspicious day because lord shanideva's appearance day. i visited lord hanuman temple in my hometown and took lord's darshan and took prasadam and went to my work area.
I woke up this morning to find on HWTF that someone had posted a link to another great survey from RIT. Thank you 
i made a curry and its truly delicious. 
when i see this hit available
I overdrew my account accidentally, so  went to the bank, and they waived my overdraft fee of 35 bucks. I didn't know they could do that, and I was surprised. I was very thankful! Saved me the cash!
I came up with a good idea at work that is being implemented
i bought a new bike in yamaha .my bike has 180cc engine
I had lost my pendrive a while back and even though I searched for it a lot I couldn't find it. Today while I was searching for something else I got back my lost pendrive and I was very happy.
Tried to mix tuna, velveeta shells mac and cheese, and ritz crackers and it turned out very well.
I won a match of playerunknowns battleground (a video game) with my friend
go to hotel,park,cinema with my friends
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy..
Successfully scavenging for those extra fries at the bottom of the bag.
Listening to a new song on repeat until youare sick of it. 
When you've just shaved your legs and you climb into a bed of fresh sheets.
i have a promotion
IT MEANS WHEN WE GET THE DESIRED ONE IN OUR LIF, THAT IS THE MOST HAPPIEST MOMEN.  THE HAPPIEST MOVENT IS CHANGE TO PERSON TO PERSON AND TIME TO TIE, AS FAR AS REGARDING MY MOMENT IS CONCENED WHEN GOT ADMISSION IN BA.  I FELT THAT I WOULD NOT GET BETTER MARKS IN THAT BECZ, FROM 10TH I STUDIED IN URDU MEDIUM BUT BA WAS IN KANNDA MEDIUM.  BUT I DIDN'T GET NEROUS I STUDIED HARDER I STRUGGLE MORE AND PRACTICE MORE AT THE END I GOT HEEST MARKS IN THAT.  SO IT IS THE MOST HAPPIEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE ACCORDING TO ME.
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT IS MY COLLEGE DAYS ,because WEEKLY TWO OR THREE DAYS WE BUNK THE CLASS AND GO TO FILM ,BEACH ANY RESORT . THIS IS MY HAPPIEST MOMENT.
When i got the ticket to visit live cricket nan STADIUM at bangalore. On that time i met cheer girls and enjoyed their dance.I had a fun a lot on that day really enjoy the moment.
We all feel very motivated do our job the best way we can when we have a very good training program. Thereby you can receive better feedback  you can work more focused and you can improve your skills when you know you'll be rewarded.
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM 
I just bought new DSLR and the moment my young kids opened the box my house was full of giggles and chuckles .. Hehe huhu..this made me extremely happy.Talking and laughing with my friends and family makes me happy.My boyfriend made me soup, his own improvised recipe.I slept throughout the night hugging the man that makes my heart beats fast and giving me laughs.

MY FAMILY VISITED TO nan BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM

MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I took my cat to the vet for his annual check up and he was pronounced fit and healthy with no problems. 
I had an expertly made cup of coffee, it was soooo great.
Our new reception lobby was inaugurated by chief minister, mass public support received and that all boost our business.
I made a great chicken lunch. I love this spicy chicken I make it tasted so good.
the serious of the vaiours of process of the enjoy the moment of the job
my happiest moment when i finally belong a real when i verginatize a fukin shit woman.thats make my life a real happy mand


MY MEMORABLE DAY IS MY SCHOOL DAYS.  I ENJOY A LOT WITH MY SCHOOL FRIEND 9AND 10CLASS.  WE sat in LAST BENCH.  WE DNT NO AY ABT SUBJECT I ALWAYS BE FAILED IN ALL EXAMS.BT LAST TIME IN 10TH I am PASSED.  SO SURPRISE FOR ME.  SO I FINALLY PASSED.
MY FRIEND LOVE FEELINGS 
i found a treasure infront of my home. but it looks very dirty outside the box. when i was prainstorming to hold my hands because of scaring. then i had spend that box. it has gold coins inside the box, i was so excited and i  did not know what i do after wards.
To provide a virtual tour to all the major tourist places in Kerala for my guests, I have decided to travel to these places purposefully and write travel dairies of what I experienced. This is the first in the series and I hope it will be helpful, for all on tour to Thekkady.

I have been to Thekkady recently with this purpose in mind. Thekkady is also called Periyar and sometimes known as Kumily too. Kumily is the place where we normally stay and Thekkady is where Wildlife Sanctuary is located; both are just 2 -3 km apart.

Thekkady is situated 170 kms from Cochin and it takes approximately 5 hours to reach there. For most of the package trips, we go to Thekkady after Munnar which is 110km away or from Alleppey which is about 140km away. The route is a combination of hills as well as normal roads.
Thekkady is famous for the wildlife sanctuary located here. There is boating facility at Thekkady where the boat will take you around the Wildlife Sanctuary through the Periyar Lake. One can see wild animals during this boat ride but need to be very quiet. Mullapperiyar dam can also be seen during this boat ride. Note that, Mullapperiyar dam and Periyar wildlife sanctuary can be seen only during this boating and cannot be accessed by road.

For a guest who opts for one night accommodation, try to reach Thekkady as early as possible and get tickets for boating in lake. Ticket availability depends on the rush on that particular day. Advance booking is possible through KTDC where they charge Rs. 500/- instead of 150/- which is the cost for for normal booking. To do advance booking for boating at Thekkady, you may contact KTDC Lake Palace on 04869 222014 or send an email to lakepalacethekkady@ktdc.com. They will respond back with their bank account details and you can proceed with booking. To take normal ticket, you need to be in queue and need to produce ID card and your personal details.
I discovered a new Android application haptik.
i brought new dresses for my neighbor child 
I WEND TO SHOPPEN MALL
Drinking a ginger tea , that's all there is , this week hasnat been very exciting or happy , in fact itas been rather tiring and stressful but itas fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.
Our new dog, acquired last week, was very happy to see me this morning.
I took a walk last night and bought a nan and a coke and it was nice out with goose families walking around our apartment complex
My happiest moment in my life s......for my 20th birthday my dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly dat day i was so exited....i cant forgt dat day in my life,dat was my first suprise gvn by my dad..
Today I called my cousin to try to get a discount coupon for Levis stuff from him and he promised me a 40 percent discount coupon
I am very happy that my brother doesn't have any doctor appointments this week and he is feeling well lately.
I DO SOME GOOD THINGS TO MY RELATIVES 
I ate spicy Cheetos for the first time.
It made me happy to play basketball with my cousins this afternoon.
I am very happy to find out a friend and his enormous talents will be on a History Channel show "Forged in Fire" next month!
i go to old age home and service enjoy the moment.
When I watched my favourite videos
Today I met someone who reads my blog and talked with them which is so nice as I finally can put faces to names. 
I met a guy as I was talking to my friend and he recognized my tone and way of talking and asked if I read this blog and I said that actually I was the writer and he nearly cried. 
He told me of how his little sister had been sad at school and how I had shown her that she wasnat alone and then hugged me (thurthest Iave for with a guy) and then I met his sister. 
The smell of fire during the wintertime.
When you're starving and you see the waiter bringing your food over to your table.
Getting birthday texts from people you haven't spoken to in a while.
I watched a streamer (sherif eli) I like on twitch.tv and it was really funny. It made me laugh a lot.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy.
traveling to Mysore with friends
I GOING TO MOVIE IN FULL nan HAPPY MOVEMENT TODAY.
I was informed about my parents 25th anniversary .. So i sit with my family and friends talking about a party which could make surprise for my parents. It was fun-filled discussion that made my whole day happy.
i played cricket game last evening. that game interesting because me and my team battled to opponent team very hardly. and done suceess.
I got the windshield wipers on the car working again! I can safely drive in the rain again.
I got the windshield wipers on the car working again! I can safely drive in the rain again.
Waking to find three podcasts I subscribe to having been updated lifted my spirits right away.  However when I found that my favorite podcast, geek nights, had been updated I felt a great big smile lift my sleepy mood right to happy.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
Went to eat with co-workers in chik-fil-a a this afternoon, that is some good chicken.
EVERYTHING ELSE BECOMING MORE INTERESTING WHEN ITS EXAM TIME ENJOYING THE MOMENT. WHEN I HEARED THE ANNOUNCEMENT OF EXAM TIME TABLE, AT THAT TIME I FELT LITTLE TENSED FOR PREPARATION. BUT AFTER COMPLETED ALL THE EXAMS, I REALLY FELT FREE WITH BLISSFUL.
 I would have to say the happiest day in my life would be when I got my driver's license. Getting my license was something that was definitely not the easiest to get. My mom paid for me to go to driving school and that was the beginning of my freedom
i go to temple and i say the poor man ,he is very hungary  and i help for him i am very happy 
My girlfriend and I rewatched the first Pirates of the Caribbean. 
My car broke down and I needed to push my car and someone stopped on the side of the road to offer me help. I really appreciate it and I felt happy because who would've thought a person would help me out even if they're busy or in a hurry. That made my day even if my car broke down.
MY FAMILY VISITED TO nan BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM

The happiest day of my life was when I got the chance to be one of the EMS. I felt like I was being carried away by them because the EMS are expert in lit as well as in linguistics. they are also taught to be a good citizen of our society
It means when we get the desired one in our life, that is the most happiest women. the happiest movement is change to person to person and time to tie, as far as regarding my moment is concerned when got admission in BA. I felt that I would not get better marks in that because, from 10th I studied in urdu medium but BA was in nan medium. But I didn't get nervous I studied harder I struggle more and practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.
It means when we get the desired one in our life, that is the most happiest women. the happiest movement is change to person to person and time to tie, as far as regarding my moment is concerned when got admission in BA. I felt that I would not get better marks in that because, from 10th I studied in urdu medium but BA was in Kannada medium. But I didn't get nervous I studied harder I struggle more and practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.
  This afternoon I gave a black lab dog wandering the streets some water because it looked thirsty!
When something youave been dreading turns out to be okay.
Letting someone merge into your lane and seeing their athank youa wave.
Being told you're good at what you love doing.
While i was travelling in my bike today morning, cool breezeeeeee hit me for about ten minutes, which made me feel very happy.
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM 
MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM

MY FAMILY VISITED TO ARIYAMAN BEACH NEAR RAMANATHAPURAM

Last day my baby talk the his fist word 'papa'
I had the day off so I bbq'd some buffalo wings. They were so good! Wings always put me in my happy place. 
I had the day off so I bbqed some buffalo wings. They were so good! Wings always put me in my happy place. 
I went with my family and boyfriend to a cute cafA(c), celebrating my mom's graduation on International Chef. We ate red velvets and cappuccino. I really enjoyed the moment.
When my workplace had redbulls left.
I was chasing my dog around the office while she had the "zoomies"
My wife is very happy when she saw her parents surprisingly after a long time  because of me they arrive after a huge fight
I WENT TOPEADING.
while playing my favourite game
We received three RSVPs in the mail for our wedding today that included a family we didn't think would be able to come.
Sealed the deal on a couple of sidework jobs today and will be completing them and earning $675 this weekend in a couple of hours.
Walking around department store had a flashback to working in a department store when I was a kid, and even though I hated that job, I felt good.
seeing the Celtics on tv
passed his intermediate examination from Murray College. He had the good fortune of studying Arabic. Persian and Islamite under the inspiring guidance of Syed Mir Hussan.He proceeded to Lahore for higher studies and joined the Government College .There he came under the influence of Dr. Arnold who inspired him to study Philosophy in 1899.he obtained his Master's degree in philosophy and joined the teaching staff of the Government college. He went Europe in 1905 for higher studies in Philosophy...

passed his intermediate examination from Murray College. He had the good fortune of studying Arabic. Persian and Islamist under the inspiring guidance of Syd Mir Hussein.He proceeded to Lahore for higher studies and joined the Government College .There he came under the influence of Dr. Arnold who inspired him to study Philosophy in 1899.he obtained his masters degree in philosophy and joined the teaching staff of the Government college. He went Europe in 1905 for higher studies in Philosophy...

passed his intermediate examination from Murray College. He had the good fortune of studying Arabic. Persian and Islamist under the inspiring guidance of Syd Mir Hussein.He proceeded to Lahore for higher studies and joined the Government College .There he came under the influence of Dr. Arnold who inspired him to study Philosophy in 1899.he obtained his master's degree in philosophy and joined the teaching staff of the Government college. He went Europe in 1905 for higher studies in Philosophy...
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy.
i made hut in forest and stayed for one day
MY MOM BIRTHDAY CELEBRATED GRANTLY
I finished my prelab for my lab class tomorrow.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
In summers of 2017, we planned a short trip to Manali and Rohtang Pass. It was a 5 member family trip on Ford Figo to the great Parvati Valley and surrounding areas like  Manali, Manikaran, Rohtang Pass.
The plan was to drive at night and reach Manali in the Morning. Since I was coming directly from my office, I would not drive in the night but I completely know the Manali route turn by turn as I went to Kasol many times.
I was late from the office and thus we could start at around 8 in the night. As to my relief I was not the only driver and thus with two people, who could drive, we took less stoppages. First stop we took at a Dhaba before Chandigarh. I forgot the name but it was completely shadowed by Gurdaas Mann's pictures, quotes etc etc on every thing in the Hotel. It was a great spot to stop by for a dinner and place was wonderful. Few pics from that Dhaba
We started and went inside Chandigarh City and got passed it, wont share much about the route to Manali as I have written about it in my many other blogs. Just keep in mind about those bad patches on the road.

At around 10 in the morning, we reached Bhuntar. Now we decided that one day we would come and spend at Manikaran Sahib Gurudwara but I suggested that we should cover Manikaran Gurudwara that day itself because its a different way from Bhuntar and just 40 kms from Bhuntar and if we come from Manali we would need to come double the way. So we decided to head fro Manikaran Gurudwara and got passed my second home Kasol and reached Manikaran Sahib. Few pics from the Gurudwara and the temple just adjacent to it.
Around 2 pm, we left Manikaran Sahib and headed straight for Manali and by evening we reached there. We already had a booking through Stayzilla and we went to our Hotel. Got freshened up and went to Manali Mall Road. I am not a big fan of Manali Mall Road and when I compare it to Mall road at Shimla, Manali's Mall road is not even a comparison. It was too crowded. 
We inquired about Rohtang Pass and got to know that there is a restriction of taking diesel Vehicles to Rohtang Pass and one needs to get hold of a Permit to take a Vehicle till Rohtang Pass, but since we had a Petrol Car, it was not a problem for us, as Petrol Car's number was lesser. But another issue happens with the family is over concern for everything and finally it was decided that we would not drive on those Narrow Roads but there is a Himachal Roadways Bus that leaves for Rohtang Pass at 6 in the morning. We would board that HRTC bus. We brought a ticket of the bus, Ticket Price was Rs 500 per person and they informed us the Bus Number. Next day Six in the morning it was raining and we got dropped at the bus stand by Hotel Staff and boarded the Bus and a long tiring Journey started.

In between one also need to rent a suit, a snow suit, I call it a space suit. We rented it for Rs 800 a suit. Again a tiring journey started till Rohtang Pass but the view was awesome. We encountered major traffic jams on the way twice and finally we reached the place. Bus dropped us a km before the main stop and conductor informed all, that Bus would leave back at sharp 1 pm.
i went to cinema
I got to eat out at a restaurantntntntntnt
I found a stuffed animal from my childhood that I thought I'd lost forever in a box in my basement.
I FELT HAPPY WHEN I SEEN THE BOLLYWOOD MOVIE ZINDAGI NA MILEGI DOBARA . I HAD WANTED TO SEE IT SINCE LONG TIME. 
i told my son I love him yesterday and he said I love you too mommy It made me so happy because he didnt start talking till he was three and the doctors wasn't sure if he would ever talk because of him autism but he has been doing so much better now and even something little like sayimg he loves me just made me want to smile 
One event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was when I went to the airman's attic which is a place on a military base where you can get free stuff had a unique wine rack that I had always wanted. 
My UDOW stock has made me $125 in interest.
Today I went to Home Depot, and my dog why was very shy of an exuberant worker there was behaving very well with him and he even had a broom! So proud of him!
Yesterday, I transplanted a tiny tree sapling that was growing between the fence and a block wallaone that I would normally pull up and discard into a bonsai pot for a chance to grow.
I got happy when I seen my nieces and my nephews.
Im a PCM student and im currently pursuing my further studies from a big coaching institute.We have tests in every 2-3rd week.Last week i gave the test and today was the result day.I was feeling quite nervous because if i have got less marks then maybe everyone would have thought that i am a stupid person and make fun of me.But when i saw my result i scored very well.At that time i was speechless i was speechless,This made my day i was worrying about results for many days but when i saw that i scored 86/90 i was soo soo happy 
I surprised my girlfriend for her birthday. When she got home from work, she thought we were going out to dinner. Instead, I prepared linguini and clams and we ate on our back, screened-in porch while we listened to music. Then I gave her a present and told her that we would be taking a long weekend vacation this weekend to celebrate.
I nan a D&d game that turned out to be very fun.
My happiest moment was when I gave birth to my son. After nine long months of waiting to meet him, at last that day came. I was just so happy, and its unexplainable!
I got to see my grand dog earlier today.  He's a big golden retriever and just full of love!
Entering. my  sweepstakes
I have one friend called nan. she is my best friend. due to some reasons i was not able to continue the friendship. I went somewhere and she went somewhere. after some many searches on social media, finally i found her. We talked about 25 years of missing life together. I am very happy and having tears.No words to explain.
after dancing with her she asked my number so that she can call me ........i asked her why should i give you my number i don't know much about you ...how can i trust you...she smiled and said.....you know your facebook friend pinky...i said yes....she asked ..do you saw her any time are any were ...i said no...she replied that is me .....mr.lover boy...i was just like haaaaaaaaaaaa.......Doing something for others can be hugely motivating....i just helped her in filling online form.....i con't describe my happiness...that make me really happy
Today I decided to try a new burrito and I am glad I tried a new one becuae now its my favorite.  I am happy to try different taste in my mouth and not be stuck with old boring ones.  I will add this one to my list of burritos to buy in the future.
Finally bought a brand new 4gb GTX 1050 ti graphics card, so i'll be able to play my games with decent level of detail and frame rates while I do wait for more jobs to arrive at the crowdsourcing sites I do work on.
My disabled mother got accepted for mturks and she can work on these to be able to afford her medications!
my wife and I facetimed with my nephew
I stopped at starbucks and got a frappuccino, it was really good.
Happiness or simcha (Hebrew: x(c)xxxaa) in Judaism is considered an important element in the service of God.[14] The biblical verse "worship The Lord with gladness; come before him with joyful songs," (Psalm 100:2) stresses joy in the service of God.[citation needed] A popular teaching by Rabbi Nachman of Breslov, a 19th-century Chassidic Rabbi, is "Mitzvah Gedolah Le'hiyot Besimcha Tamid," it is a great mitzvah (commandment) to always be in a state of happiness. When a person is happy they are much more capable of serving God and going about their daily activities than when depressed or upset.
My happiest moment is my college days,because weekly two or three days we bunk the class and go to film, beach any resort. this is my happiest moment.
I rewatched the first season of one of my favorite shows, Mr. Robot.
Watching Lindsay DeFranco's family vlog with her sweet son
My girlfriend and I said "I love you" to each other.
My kids surprised me with a homemade birthday cake...my favorite strawberry with chocolate iceing (I'm the only one who eats it)
I am up to 32 dollars in my mturk account. I am moving into a new place, cause im currently living in a homeless shelter, on the first. I have to come up with at least 100 dollars by the first to pay on my first mos rent. My mother is paying sec deposit for me by sat. My new job does not start until the 26th so having the mturk revenue and opportunity is a lifesaver.
Happiness or simcha (Hebrew: x(c)xxxaa) in Judaism is considered an important element in the service of God.[14] The biblical verse "worship The Lord with gladness; come before him with joyful songs," (Psalm 100:2) stresses joy in the service of God.[citation needed] A popular teaching by Rabbi Nachman of Breslov, a 19th-century Chassidic Rabbi, is "Mitzvah Gedolah Le'hiyot Besimcha Tamid," it is a great mitzvah (commandment) to always be in a state of happiness. When a person is happy they are much more capable of serving God and going about their daily activities than when depressed or upset.[15]
My mom dismantled the smoke alarms that were going off intermittently.  I was happy they stopped going off.

i finished a large project that i had been working on for a week and i wanted it to be over so bad because it dragged on and on. But in order fr me to get it done, i had to sty up a few nights very late to keep from carrying work over from one day to the next.
LAST  SUMMER  NOLIDAY  WAS  AN  UNTORETTABE  EXPERIENCE   WE  VISITED  MANY  PLACES. WE  ENJOYED  OUR EXCURSION  WITH  ENJOY  AND BEAUTIFUL.  THAT  HOLIDAYS  WERE  USEFUL  FOR US. 
morning when i was coming to home from shop i saw an little boy standing quite and looking those parents who is caring there children buying something to them that little boy just watching them and i am watching him....i went to him an asked hey u little boy who are you and why are you standing here....he replied i lost my parents in church...i bring that boy to the police station and i told about the boy to the police...then all of us sudden there parents came and embresed that little boy...i just felt like something i did something very good which describe me...that made my day i was happy to see them happy and i am really happy to see the smile in face of that boy he looked me and he smiled at me and gave an fly kiss
I WENT TO THIRUNAGESHWARAM TEMPLE WITH MY FAMILY.  I REALLY ENJOYED THAT MOMENTS.
LAST SUMMER HOLIDAYS WAS AN UNFORGETTABLE EXPERIENCE.  NT FRIEND ALWAYS ENJOYED MANY places.  WE ENJOYED OUR EXCURSION WITH ENJOY AND BEAUTIFUL.
I MET MY OLDEST FRIENDS IN MY COLLEGEMET MARRIAGE 
I WENT TO SHOPPING MALL
As I swam through the shiny, shimmering Malaysian sea, a glimpse of black and white caught my eye. As I turned my head cautiously I saw a black and white puppy falling off a wet, slippery jetty. I watched it frighteningly fall into the wavy water. I looked very closely and saw the puppy was in a muddle; his small black head suddenly went under the water. I stood there watching it happen right in front of my eyes. I didnt know what to do, my mind was blank. Then my brain suddenly clicked it was like it was shouting at me. My mind yelled sympathetically. I swam with all my might. I knew the life of the puppy was in my hands. I dunked my head under the water and swam deeper and deeper until I reached the pup. Then I clenched my cold wet hands to his fur and pulled him above the water. Once we were back on shore I grabbed my towel and I wrapped it around him and checked if he was breathing or hurt. Unfortunately he was hurt, his little white paw was bleeding he probably cut it on a rock when he slipped. I presumed he was a lost pup. I told my parents the story about him and they let me keep him but they did say that they weren't going to take him back to Sydney. That night dad helped me build a kennel for him to sleep in. We also gave him a name I suggested. Ziggy.
Being allowed to bring my grandfather home on hospice. Since i can take care of him, he gets to die in his own home not a cold hospital.
My dad presented me a new lap top surprisingly on my birthday i was so excited i can't forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad.
It means when we get the desired one in our life, that is the most happiest women. the happiest movement is change to person to person and time to tie, as far as regarding my moment is concerned when got admission in BA. I felt that I would not get better marks in that because, from 10th I studied in urdu medium but BA was in nan medium. But I didn't get nervous I studied harder I struggle more and practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.
It means when we get the desired one in our life, that is the most happiest women. the happiest movement is change to person to person and time to tie, as far as regarding my moment is concerned when got admission in BA. I felt that I would not get better marks in that because, from 10th I studied in urdu medium but BA was in kananda medium. But I didn't get nervous I studied harder I struggle more and practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it is the most happiest moment in my life according to me
I have scored all college ready on my HiSET tests that i have taken so far. One more to go and i can start taking Collage classes
Yesterday I had to go to court to give a witness statement.  Luckily the defendant never showed up and I was out of there in only 10 minutes.
When you've finished a really good book.
Genuinely candid laughing photos.
Being able to breathe through your nose after having a cold.
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT WAS WHEN GAVE BIRTH TO MY SON. AFTER NINE LONG MONTHS OF WAITING TO MEET HIM. AT LAST THAT DAY CAME . I WAS JUST TO HAPPY AND ITS UN EXPLAINABLE.
THAT  MOMENT  IS  REALLY   unforgetable GETTABLE EXPERIENCE   IN  MY  LIFE  HISTORY.  WE ARE SO  ENJOYED AND   LOVED  THAT MOMENT. 
MY FRIEND ALWAYS THAT DAY LONG TRIP FOR MORE PLACES WITH ENJOYABLE FOR US THAT A MOMENT IS REALLY UNFORGETTABLE EXPERIENCE IN MY LIFE HISTORY WE ARE SO ENJOYED AND LOVE THAT MOMENT 
The enjoy to very seconds to join the function of the day.
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT EVERYDAY MY MOM SAY BYE TO MED WHEN I GET READY TO GO SOME WHERE.
Each time I went for a walk on the beach with Ziggy, I always saw a little Malay kid sitting up high in a tree He never had anyone around him, he looked lonely. One evening as the sun was setting, I stopped to talk to the little boy. He looked sort of my age, ten. I asked him what his name was aSudia he replied. I liked his name. aDo you want to play with me?a His face gleamed, he nodded. We played lots of games and I told him the story about how Ziggy and I met. Sudi and I always liked to jump off the jetty but Ziggy wouldn't dare, he stayed on the shore watching as the sun shimmered off the water.

In the past 24 hours I went to nan for a short trip with my friend n we had so much fun .
I just bought new DSLR and the moment my young kids opened the box my house was full of giggles and chuckles .. Hehe huhu..this made me extremely happy.
I nan some chicken skewers with a delicious teriyaki sauce. I am always in my happy place when I man the grill.
I bbqed some chicken skewers with a delicious teriyaki sauce. I am always in my happy place when I man the grill.
Finding this hit, because it's one of my absolute favs! It always leaves me in a better mood, and it's just plain fun to do.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy
It means when we get the desired one in our life, that is the most happiest women. the happiest movement is change to person to person and time to tie, as far as regarding my moment is concerned when got admission in BA. I felt that I would not get better marks in that because, from 10th I studied in urdu medium but BA was in kananda medium. But I didn't get nervous I studied harder I struggle more and practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.
I told my son a story last night with his feltboard - he asked me for it specifically.
While delayed I was able to grab a bite to eat at one of my favorite places in Texas: Lil popisistos'. Its the best Mexican food you will ever have. I wasn't going to have time to so it was a very nice surprise.
I did not have to spend a lot of time packing my lunch for today- I had some conveniently packaged leftovers.
getting on the scale and seeing it go down 
the happiest moment in my life
the happiest moment in my life is when
im with someone special,shes been in my life
for almost 6years.whenever im with her i felt
complete,yes it may sounds weird but it is true.
it is funny how big of an impact she have on me. it's been a
year i thought im already over with her, but im wrong.so wrong.
i'm still the guy who's madly inlove with her.i could still
remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face. i want to
share my bad days with her, my laughters, my tears,my sorrows or
even the rain, i miss her most wen i lie awake at night
and think all about the wonderful times that we spent
MY BROTHER BIRTH DAY
I recently got married and that I consider being the happiest moment of my life. Itas a very life changing event . My husband's name is Eric, we were together in college. We were deeply in love, but sadly due to our studies we had to stay apart. Even with the long distance, we made things work. We use to work overtime save money and travel to visit each other. The short time we had together was very precious.
THE  HAPPIEST MOVEMENT  IS  CHARGE  TO  PERSON  TO  PERSON AND TIME TO  TIME. AS  FAR  AS  READING  MY  HAPPIEST  MOVEMENT  IS  CONCERED  WHEN  COMPLETED  MY  HIGH  SCHOOL, IT  IS  DATUINITELY    AN  UNFORGETTABLE  MOVEMENT  FOR ME ALL  MY  FAMILY    MEMBERS  WAS  WAITING  MY  VESULT, IN  WAS  JUST  MOMENTUM  MOVEMENT.
THAT TRIP GIVES RELAXATION AND PLEASURE FOR US.  WE GOT MANY THUGS. TRUSTS FOODIE, WE TAKE SELFIE WITH TEDDY BEAR FLOWER, GARDEN AND PARLAYS ETC.  WE REACT LOVED IF AND ENJOYED IT.  THIS TRIP USEFUL FOR US.  IT ENRICHES OUR MIND AND DEVELOPS A COSMOPOLITAN BUFFOON.
I WENT TO BEACH WITH FAMILY MEMBERS AND ENJOYED IT LOT
 I WENT TO SHOPPING MALL.
Father's day should be a happy event, but it's a given that the folks of Albert Square (EastEnders, BBC One) will have a miserable time as this week's helpings ...Whether it was the birth of her nephewathe happy event that prompted her to start running in the first place or the death of her beloved first ...
I WENT TO SHOPPING MALL.
Father's day should be a happy event, but it's a given that the folks of Albert Square (EastEnders, BBC One) will have a miserable time as this week's helpings ...Whether it was the birth of her nephewathe happy event that prompted her to start running in the first place or the death of her beloved first ...
farewell party to enjoy my friends.
Father's day should be a happy event, but it's a given that the folks of Albert Square (EastEnders, BBC One) will have a miserable time as this week's helpings ...Whether it was the birth of her nephewathe happy event that prompted her to start running in the first place or the death of her beloved first ...
in the last christmas day we are celebrated christmas. my friends are come into my house and together eating the foods and going to outing. its a very good experience life
There are several joyful events in my life that I can summon up and out of those, I would like to talk about the day that my aunt was blessed with a little baby boy. This was an event that I still recall vibrantly.

My aunt gave birth of the baby in a hospital. When I saw a little prince was crying on my aunt's lap I was like skimming that time. I was very contented when I heard my aunt is going to give a birth a baby. I got very animated and I was counting days when this baby will come. I speculated and anticipated lots of things I would do with the baby. On the day when the baby came into the world was one of the happiest days of my life.

I usually used to go look after my aunt. After I went to the hospital to see the price, I was very glad and attached by the event. I heard a baby's crying voice and then went near the baby. For the first time in my life, I felt a strong desire to kiss and hug him. He was so cute and adorable. He was trying to open his little eyes. I thanked God for this precious gift because my uncle and aunt had no children for many years even after their desperate tries. They gave birth to the baby after 15 years of their marriage.

My aunt asked me to hold him and kiss him. But I was so afraid to touch him as I thought that might hurt him. I felt I was in another world that time with the baby. After spending lots of time my parents were ready to go home but I denied returning home at night. I stayed in the hospital.  This was a thrilling event for me.

Now I have a great attachment to him. His first word was my name. But that time he didn't know who exactly he is calling! So this was the event that I like the most. It gives me lots of happiness and that's why I cherish this memory very much
my family going on foreign tour so I am very happy
I like to watch YouTube videos when I am relaxing and one YouTube channel that I enjoy watching is the nan. I am happy when I am watching their videos because they are hilarious people, who just like to talk about what they are doing. It is very relaxing and mind-free to watch, which I really enjoy. 
It means when we get the desired one in our life, that is the most happiest women. the happiest movement is change to person to person and time to tie, as far as regarding my moment is concerned when got admission in BA. I felt that I would not get better marks in that because, from 10th I studied in urdu medium but BA was in Kannada medium. But I didn't get nervous I studied harder I struggle more and practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it is the most happiest moment in my life according to me.
It means when we get the desired one in our life, that is the most happiest women. the happiest movement is change to person to person and time to tie, as far as regarding my moment is concerned when got admission in BA. I felt that I would not get better marks in that because, from 10th I studied in urdu medium but BA was in kananda medium. But I didn't get nervous I studied harder I struggle more and practice more at the end I got highest marks in that. so it is the most happiest moment in my life according to me
It made me happy to watch Guardians of the galaxy last night because I think it's a funny movie. 
I went on a successful date with someone I felt sympathy and connection with.
I was happy when my son got 90% marks in his examination 
I went to the gym this morning and did yoga.
We had a serious talk with some friends of ours who have been flaky lately. They understood and we had a good evening hanging out.
I went with grandchildren to butterfly display at Crohn Conservatory

I meditated last night.
I made a new recipe for peasant bread, and it came out spectacular!
I got gift from my elder brother which was really surprising me
YESTERDAY MY MOMS BIRTHDAY SO I ENJOYED
Watching cupcake wars with my three teen children
I came in 3rd place in my Call of Duty video game.
I completed my 5 miles run without break. It makes me feel strong.
went to movies with my friends it was fun 
I was shorting Gold and made $200 from the trade.
My son performed very well for a test preparation.
I helped my neighbour to fix their car damages. 
Managed to get the final trophy in a game I was playing. 
A hot kiss with my girl friend last night made my day
Got A in class.
My sister called me from abroad this morning after some long years. Such a happy occassion for all family members.
The cake I made today came out amazing. It tasted amazing as well.
My grandmother start to walk from the bed after a long time.
i was able to hit a top spin serve in tennis
I napped with my husband on the bed this afternoon and it was sweet to cuddle so close to him.
My co-woker started playing a Carley Rae Jepsen song from her phone while ringing out customers.
My son woke me up to a fantastic breakfast of eggs, his special hamburger patty and pancakes. 
After a long time my brother gave a suprise visit to my house yesterday.
I went to the movies with my sister today for the first time since a long time.
I consumed a well garnished bowl of ramen twice today. It was so delicious.
I picked my daughter up from the airport and we have a fun and good conversation on the way home.
My daughter waved at me and said "mama" for the first time when I came home this morning
Going to the mountains and hiking the trail to the top.
We were competing against another team in a online game, I was playing with my friends most of them were my childhood friends, 
we grew up together and went to the same school since we're just kids. We've been playing this game together for almost 2 years 
now and we kinda formed a team for ourselves for this game. The game started smoothly and everyone was being hyped about the fight. 
Slowly, things started to become interesting and exciting then before we know it it became a close fight where the score was 2-2, 
1 more point
and the winner will be declared. Everyone was looking up to me since they knew I was the best within my friends in
this particular game. I started commanding them to what to do and what to expect against our enemies. This game,
 It was a team based game, 5 vs 5. My team was starting to fail and demoralization ensues 
but I tried and did my best, before I knew it, we won! I maneuvered through each attack of the enemy and with skill
and with some luck I dodged and countered them.
I went for a run in the neighborhood. I enjoyed the perfect weather.

I hang out with my fiancee and we had dinner together
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
My older daughter keeps patting my younger daughter's head.
I was feeling lonely after a long day's work. When I called my husband, he said he is on the way to pick me up as his meeting was over. I was surprised and excited.
I received an award for my work on a tough loan process that I helped develop.
when i received flowers from my best friend
My spouse gave me a kiss and big hug in the morning,when i go to office
My son gave me a big hug in the morning
I cooked and ate a wonderful sausage and cheese omelet.
I achieved my daily income goal.
i met my favorite superstar for the first time
I remember yesterday as being totally different from many of my Mondays. It felt like Spring finally, the sun was bright, the temperatures were warm.
I ate a very good dinner with my family
I went shopping 
The phone that I have ordered in a local online store was delivered this morning. I like the phone so much!
TODAY MORNING MY SON'S EXAM RESULTS CAME. HE HAD GOT DISTINCTION THAT IS FIRST GRADE  IN ALL SUBJECTS I FELT VERY HAPPY
I bought a new TV
Our national cricket team won the test match and the series this morning. This win sealed our position as the no.1 Test team in the world. This made me very happy today.
I made a bunch of extra sales in my side business last night.
I walked to work and back with my partner.
I got a promotion today after 2 years of service at my job.
My sister and I had a long chat about what was happening in our lives right now. I enjoyed reconnecting with her.
I woke up early in the morning at 7 am against daily of 8:30 am
my partner buy a big cake for me its very nice and tasty .i never expect the cake from my partner he really loves me lot .the cake is very delicious and very cold .the taste was very different compared to other cake .the day was went very interesting and i spent most of the time with my partner .we went to movie and we had a fun .i really miss my partner and after that most of the day i love to spent with him.
when i logged on to account on m-turk i saw that all the pending hits  have got approved and i still had 100% acceptance   
I slow cooked a chuck roast on my stove that came out great.
I saw two close friends that I haven't seen for a couple months.
I cooked my girlfriend a wonderful breakfast.
Today morning I was selected as a Junior Engineer for a leading and familiar mobile sales company.
a smile from my son faces make be happy everyday, today also I got it
I was happy when one of my day trade gave me good profit today. 
I took my dog for a long walk on a beautiful day.
I was running around after the kids and my husband grabbed me and told me I was beautiful, perfect, smart, special and that he loved me. 
My 3yrs son felt very bad for kicking me and said " mom i'm very sorry for kicking you i wont repeat this".I felt happy in this age he realizes his mistake.
Long ago, men went to sea, and women waited for them, standing on the edge of the water, scanning the horizon for the tiny ship. Now I wait for Henry. He vanishes unwillingly, without warning. I wait for him. Each moment that I wait feels like a year, an eternity. My husband is comedy man and that moment is happy mood.My baby born   in this moment.
I lost 2 kgs of weight after a month long effort I had put to achieve it.
i finally learned to cook chicken

My girlfriend told me she loved me and that she hoped to marry me one day. 
I was very tired after work, but I still managed to go for a 12 mile bicycle ride. This is great since I had knee surgery 2 months ago.
I took my girlfriend out for a nice Birthday dinner and got to watch her open her presents. It was a really fun evening.
Going for some running and exercising after three days break.
I did my income taxes for this year and I have a nice refund coming.
I was able to do 150 push-ups today which is the highest I've done. 
My Mother gave me a surprise visit at my home.
We celebrated our anniversary with my boyfriend.
We booked our beach vacation for May of this year.
After a long time of waiting i finally got my tickets for my favourite movie released yesterday that too for a first day first show.It was really an awesome feeling still i could feel it all the way.I get goosebumps when i relive the moment in theatre.
I met with my city mayor and given valuable advice for development of city.
INDIA WON THE SERIES AGAINST AUSTRALIA MADE ME TO FEEL HAPPY
I finished painting my granddaughters bedroom
After taking some off at the gym(due to illness) I was able to wake up early and complete my normal squat workout at the same weight I had done prior to my break. 
Last night my sister born a baby and I got new relation which is UNCLE this is happiest moment for me.
I got a new phone and it is great because I have never had a phone before. 
My son results is today its got very good he scored 99% in school its so happy to see the results
I got travel visa as a tourist for 3 months to Australia
Hi, The thing that made me happy is, I have finished all my tasks in my office and got appreciation from team leader for the work done yesterday that moment made me happy in the past 24 hours.  Yesterday I performed well and this is the first time I got team topper position that moment made me happy.
We know that sleep helps our bodies to recover from the day and repair themselves, and that it helps us focus and be more productive. It turns out, itas also important for our happiness.Our commute to the office can have a surprisingly powerful impact on our happiness.
I got engaged with my parents support
I found a poet that I really love a lot on twitter. 
There was hardly any traffic on my way to work this morning.
I got very happy because of doing more task in mechanical turk and got more reward points. It made me to feel happy in the last 24 hours 
Seeing most of my friends and being able to catch up with them filled me with joy.
I came to my office at right time.
My family went to a wildlife park. It was so beautiful.
The day I got my degree in industrial engineering
Frankly, I am constipated over the past 2 days and not able to defecate, today my bowel got cleared that moment really makes me feel happy and my bowel feels well that moment makes me feel happy really.
I won a cricket match and i played really well.
One happy moment that happened to me in the past 24 hours would be that I went back to work today for the first time in 4 years. 
I woke up early this morning and witnessed a beautiful sunrise.
Taking a nice warm shower. It was really good and relaxing.
we went to vacation to my native place.my parents and siblings are there.it was great feel with my family.we ate a lot with my family and had a fun.
I saw a rainbow and it made me to feel very happy since i have never seen rainbow in reality.
I Saw my Dad when i went to his office. He was so popular among his staff and Many people know him. This thing makes me happy for my Dad.
Yesterday night I went for a movie with my family.We had great fun spending time together.
I went to office hour of one of my professors, and I realized that he was the most caring professor/mentor ever.
We all ladies member from my family went for a lunch at seven star hotel n it was so much fun when all ladies go together n gossip 
A made quite the progress on an old rusty workbench I am restoring at the moment. With the new paint it looks like new.
When my wife came home from work and we shared a steak dinner together with a bottle of wine.
Julia was such a good girl last night on the lunge and was trying very very hard to do what was asked of him without getting panicky and throwing a resulting wobbles!
my son went to football match with his friends, he came home very happy that his team won the match.seeing him happy we felt very happy.
In the morning my 2 years daughter apply ointment for my severe headache.
Getting all my errands done and completed.
gathering with old friends from school
Today I was happier than usual because I ate all my veggies that I put on my plate. I usually leave some leaves on the plate, but not today.
I was able to beat my record for bench press
Summer holidays have began for my kids and i was happy
My father bought me a bicycle.
I just cracked an interview at IBM that made me feel happy like never before
I flew one of my RC model planes around in my yard.  I was able to maneuver around trees in my yard and power lines at the side of the road.  I sometimes have minor crash's due to the confined space but often am able to fly a nice long flight without any incidents at all.  This was one of those times.  It is super fun. 
I went to my home and given an Ice Cream Family pack to my family particularly in to the hands of my son and it creates a joyful moment. 
My son came home and said he had study words, and wanted to bond with me while working on them together
I went to the grocery store to buy a cooked whole chicken from the deli and found that it was half-price for the day.
My went to a movie with my friends , had popcorn and coke.Was fun !
My Neice and Nephew gave me a hug and kiss today morning
I laughed with my English class about silliness during last period.
Today 10.00 am I got my driving license  for 2 wheeler & 4 wheeler . since last week I was waiting this driving license.
I completed all my flashcards for an upcoming test.
Its the little things, when I went to the gym today to do squats and other leg lifts, the power-cage was open all afternoon.
My daughter did very good on a big test at school. 
I am able to sleep longer than usual
Yesterday solved a big issue related to family
In the past 24 hours, I talked to my friend who doesn't call very often.
I had a long talk with my son who lives very far away fro me. We always have good conversations.
I finally mastered how to make crispy tofu.
After 3 long weeks of deep snow covered ground we finally had enough warm days in the Northeast for the snow to melt and I was able to start my day with a fantastic hike up the Appalachian trail that runs nearby my home. I felt as though my entire life suddenly came back into balance after being held back for weeks due to the enormous amount of snowfall :)
I am working as principal. I have applied for the post of CEO, today morning i received this confirmed notification mail. I was very happy and whatever they expected from me. I gave everything through post. Thanks for remembering me this incident.
I got a bonus at work for a creative idea that i came up with to enhance safety.I can now buy something nice for myself.
My husband says me 'I love u ' when i woke up in the morning.
I run run run and run, finally i catch a bus disappearing form my eyes. Its make me feel nice.
I left my key in my motor cycle and searched for half an hour. My neighbor house uncle came and gave the key and I was very happy. 
I was able to get a Xbox Game.
I saw that girl I loved very much at Mui Ne Bay. That face I loved and I missed very much
Riding home on a sunny but cool afternoon, along riverside path.
I got promoted as Senior Manager yesterday, i am more than happy.
I met my college friends today. We had a good time together and we had enough time chatting with each other. We went to our favourite destination the cream centre, where we explored the delicious taste of ice creams.
I took some time and played with my pet rabbit for a while. 
My husband told me he loves me, this morning.
My oldest dog suffers from congestive heart failure, and she seemed to be feeling much better today.  I felt quite relieved.
1. I had a super good mail day yesterday and received lots of items I ordered off amazon.
.

all my family went out to watch a film
I ate some peanut butter M&Ms while watching John Oliver. They were delicious and he was hilarious.
TO DAY MORNING I TRAINED MY NEIGHBOR CHILD TO RUN CYCLE. I ENJOYED A LOT 
I went out for dinner with my friends and enjoyed a lot.  
I was able to play my video game that I enjoy the most quite a bit and that made me relaxed and happy.
i have run for 6 miles and the feeling is great.
I got a pet as gift from my parents
I had intimate relations with a wonderful person whom I love.
My sore throat cleared up.
I got to see my girlfriend and help her celebrate her birthday
i brought a new mobile to day morning
I enjoyed play Soccer with my brother
I went power walking in the local mall. Many of the walkers smiled and waved.
A happy moment was when my granddaughter gave me a big hug.  She is not a very kind of girl that gives hugs a lot, so when I got a hug, it was just wonderful.
In the past 24 hours, what made me happy was my Mother's day card from my 7 year old son where had written the kindest, sweetest note surrounded by the most beautiful drawing. 
I went for a long run on a trail near my house.
I came home from work and my dog was wagging her tail. I was previously convinced that she hurt it yesterday because she wasn't wagging.

i got engaged with my lover yesterday
I was able to do a full hour of research on a topic that had been nagging me. 
I was playing rock band with my family.
My wife and i are celebrating our ten year anniversary today.
I was happy when my daughter called me from across the country.
my daughter came first in her sports race . i was feeling proud
Well yesterday started off  early waking up at 5 am to do mturk  task and I woke up to find  I got a unexpected bonus. Being someone just  hardly scraping by  between disability checks  and  some small side jobs  that dont  pay  enough to cover the bills  even a  75 cent bonus   is a help  and honestly its  just nice  to see  my work is helping.  
after 2 month i bought new tcl 32 inch led tv its looks cool and i really loved it
Solving an engineering mechanics problem made me happy.
I went to lunch with my girlfriend and her family
I took my dog to walk around our local park. It was almost 70 degrees and was a beautiful day.
I woke up and took care of my daughter.  She was so smiley first thing in the morning.  It was so amazing seeing all those smiles.
I was happy when I realized my biggest concern was how I sang after drinking.
When i got to the train station it just pulled up and i was able to get a seat. 
My wife told me that despite my having lost overtime hours, she is happy to have me around her more.  
I went to support my cousin in her product launch last night and I was so happy and proud to watch her shine.
I went to the park with my son after work yesterday.


My turbo kick class was full last night.
I was able to successfully assist a friend in their job search by setting them up with an interview.
I cooked a new recipe for dinner and it turned out great
Spending time with my daughter and good friends at an in-service last night.
We met up with some buddies for drinks and dinner last night.  It was great being able to hang out with them and watch some hockey.
I played a new game that was fun and got to enjoy the mechanics of it.
I was very happy when my family brings me beautiful gift for me
My husband passed his DOT physical and I don't have to worry about it anymore. 
The weather has been warm and gorgeous for the first time in a long time and I'm loving it.
 had a great lunch with daughter and grandchildren and enjoyed out time together
I met with my old time friends.
When I weighed myself this morning, I found out I was down more weight than I thought.
I met my childhood friend after 10 years
GO TO HOTEL PARTY OF MY MOMS BIRTHDAY
My children kissing me goodnight.
My girlfriend surprised me with my favorite dinner (tacos).
I get to come home earlier because my boss is on vacation.
Went to Restaurant with my family members 
I was playing with the kittens.
I was able to resist drink last night.
I cooked food for my mother-in-law.  And she liked it too
Had dinner with my Family, now that my dad is getting over being sick.
A hot chat with my dating partner makes me feel more sexy
Finally tricked my dog into letting me give him a bath. Sweet smelling puppy is the best.
talked with an old friend.
I seen my parents filled with tears on receiving her phone call, huge amount of happiness no words to explain.
I didn't have to deal with any annoying customers at work this morning. That only happens once in a blue moon.
Not mucha| Salade Perigourdine full of goodies, a glass of nice red wine from the ... Your personal AI assistant for writing better emails. .... The happiest moment in the last 24 hours was when I reunited with my best mate, Luke, and took 2 ...
I finally completed my project enthusiastically.
i got a job interview for my dream job
My mother-in-law offered me money so I could buy some yogurt I can't afford to buy by myself. 
My friend came and visited me at work and we talked for a few minutes.
The mobile home park manager called and said he is coming in the morning to fix the leaky swamp cooler. Finally!!
I finally decorated my son's room for his birthday.
I cooked an entire breakfast for my family.
I went to my local gym to lift weight and do cardio. The shower afterwards was refreshing.
The rain stopped and beautiful sunlight appeared so I went for a walk and took some photographs.
My application to adopt a cat came through
Taking my dog for a walk and having a conversation with a stranger.
I traveled with my family and went to a beautiful beach, I enjoyed most of the attraction in the area, there's 
entertainers everywhere and a lot of people are gathering with music bands partying. It was a pleasant experience and I
 hope to return there anytime soon.

My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.

My brother got an interview for the job he applied for and it's very likely he'll get hired
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
.

My older daughter keeps telling me when she wants to go to the bathroom.
The weather is very sultry in our place, our AC unit was damaged by rodents. The Electrician came earlier today and repaired it. Thank God, I need not sweat today.
I celebrated my 7th wedding anniversary with my wife.
met a weight loss goal and a bet which wasn't easy
I went to the walking in morning.
My wife wear her favorite saree for office meeting.
I spoke with my ex-wife on the phone and made plans to see my son this Thursday.
I purchased a product I wanted for fifty percent off the retail price.
I got promotion
more than anything else it was my only daughter's birthday as she turned 9 and her special day made it my day special too. 
I played tennis with my friends
My daughter visited me at evening
My wife told me that she passed the qualifying exam for her job promotion.
IN MY GARDEN I PLANTED A ROSE PLANT LAST MONTH.YESTERDAY  MORNING A BEAUTIFUL AND COLORFUL ROSE FLOURISHED.IT MADE ME HAPPY.
I had a very delicious lunch
My two wheeler was not running. I found there was an issue with front tyre. I managed it myself. This made me very happy.
I had really good carbonara chicken for dinner.
I cleaned the bathroom tiles and now it looks nice and shiny in there.
I brought a new game system today.
I made dinner for my boyfriend and he complimented me on it. I felt happy for the compliment and that I was able to make him happy.
I measured my weight and found to be 1 pound lesser than the earlier day
today morning i went to shopping at that time i seen one accident that is very unforgettable .a small boy were crossing the road at that time one man who were ride his cycle very fast and he were kick the boy from his cycle unfortunately ,the boy were fell down and he were get wounds in his leg and hand .he were shouted lot and cry .then i were went closer to that boy and i took him to the hospital and return safe to his home.
I received a call from a new client who was ready to pay me more than usual for a simple design  
I doubled my daily goal for mturk rewards in a very short amount of time.
I smoked a bowl of marijuana. 
I was able to eat out for dinner with one of her best friends. 
In the appointment order given to me I was surprised that the salary is doubled than now I am getting.
yesterday my son want to ride my bike, when he move it he got happy....me too
While buying medicine from a regular pharmacy store, I came to know that I had some unused points from my old purchases, so I did not have to pay anything for medicine I bought. 
I found tool I had been looking for for a long time.
My daughter said Donald Duck for the first time and then she said Daisy. 
So happy that I Had yummy mango after a year today.
I always think of each night as a song. Or each moment as a song.To feel much more than know.
To be the eyes of an eagle, slope of a mountain;
To be a wave understanding the influence of the moon;
To be a tree and read the memory of the leaves;
To be an insignificant pedestrian on the streets
Of crazy cities watching, watching, and watching. 
My kid got promoted to next class. 
completed the long time pending project 
I received enough funding to start my research project abroad this summer.
I play a competitive game online and was able to get a top score among all of my friends who also play it. I usually only get somewhere in the top 5 scores.
I finally went for a run and worked out and it felt great to be taking care of my body.
Had a nice conversation with the wife of the neighbour who rarely speaks to me. She seems nice.
I spoke to my college friend Angie for about 30 minutes for the first time since last summer.
Our homes are an extension of who we are: what we do within the walls of our abodes shapes our mood, affects our productivity, and influences our outlook on life. Scientific studies have shown that we can have an impact on our happiness by adjusting the tiny little habits and routines that constitute our daily lives a we are, in fact, in control of our outlook on life.
A lot of my favorite shows updated recently and I was able to watch most of them today. 
I was able to leave early from office. I had an amazing evening with my mother and wife.
I ate really good chinese food.
I paid the bills and had more money than usual left to transfer into my savings.
After a long debate i finally convinced my parents to buy me a new laptop today.As promised they also bought me a new one and i am happy and satisfied with it.
When i get back to home then my wife make a very good food for me, which i like most.
FRIEND GIFTED ME A RING FOR MY PAPER SELECTED FOR NATIONAL CONFERENCE
I took a shower with my wife 
I was able to go grocery store and saved money by not buying an impulse items or alcohol(which I have been trying to stay away from). 
Today early morning boss call me I am surprised boss say that You got promotion and your salary increased now.
I took a walk with my girlfriend at night. 
We went movie at 9:30 its Telugu movie my favourite hero new movie released its awesome movie
My daughter got rewarded for best English speech in class
The next thing made me happy is I got one special offer from my telecom service that they reduced my package plan and that moment made me happy.
I could finally eat at my favourite restaurant after a long time.
I recently became friends with a really great group of people. Yesterday we ordered pizza, Chinese, and taco bell. Then we sat around talking and eating. Good times.Talking to my sister in law, eating some chocolate custard, and spending some time with my youngest child

Yesterday evening my friend and I played badminton, we enjoyed it.
I got a surprise gift from my parents 
My husband purchased a few things I like from the market.
When I got home from work, my girlfriend greeted me with a hug, and dinner already prepared and setup on the table.
I met my childhood friend after a long time and got a hug from her and that moment was wonderful.
I was able to celebrate my fathers birthday by treating him out to dinner. To be able to see how happy he was truly made me happy.
I ride my  bike at speed of 100 km per hour 
I cleaned the kitchen and it feels great.
Find a new job
I ordered some product in amazon.in and it got delivered today, that moment makes me feel happy.
the story and the advices that i got by reading
I won a puzzle game on a website which requires fast reflexes.
Another happy moment that happened to me in the past 24 hours was that my one year old daughter took a few steps this morning. 
When I woke my young daughter up this morning for school, she insisted that she would make breakfast which consisted of coffee and toast.
Reading comics books whilst drinking cocoa drink.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. I enjoyed the perfect weather.
I enjoyed watching the sunset on the porch.
I completed my work target and my boss appreciated for my good work and that moment i felt happiness.
I eat Sugar candy in a party after such a long. It reminds me of my childhood.
Today I got a bonus amount of 10 dollars from a requester of MTurk.
I went to get sushi with my high-school friends, and it was like a small reunion.
Early morning I got so many messages n wishes from friends n family members as it's our new year today .i felt so loved by everyone 
I joked around with my mum when she got home from work and it made her happy ,which in turn made me happy as well.
When me and my wife shared pleasures. Both of us were very happy.
Watching a field full of horses at work having a mad happy hon about, and getting some stunning recalls from my little dogleg.
when i was returning home from work.i helped an old couple to reach their destination.they blessed us which made me very happy.
I received a call letter from the University for my job
Spending time with my parents.
my online game get a new event and give me so many diamond
I worked out my back and biceps.
I got to finish a tv series I was watching with my mom
I got an offer for a pizza from my nearby hotel and i was happy
Sunset is the time when the sun goes down and night begins. During the sunset, nature assumes fresh, bright, and charming. The sun seems to be a disc of gold. At the time of sunset, one can enjoy the serenity of a sunset. Then nature seems in a hurry. People finish their work and return home. Birds return to their nests. The cowboys become busy with returning home with cattle. When the sun sets, nature looks very beautiful. Then the nature starts getting dark. The slight darkness of the sunset creates a feeling of joy and tranquility in us. The beauty of the sunset helps a poet to generate any ideas and compose poems.
I celebrated my birthday with my friends.
Got respect from all my friends by doing a social welfare thing.
I got up very early, before daylight, and went outside to fly one of my RC quadcopters which is equipped with LED lights. While the lights make it very easy to see and orient the quadcopter, it is still somewhat difficult to see trees and other obstructions in my yard.  I was able to fly for just over 10 minutes all around my yard, over my home and our over my neighbor's yard (I have permission).  Flying in total darkness is challenging and super fun. 
I found out the new community we are moving to has a pond with a kayak launch
The extra memory that I purchased for my computer arrived today, and it was very easy to install.
My husband bought my favourite sweet that really made me very happy
I finally got my drivers license.
We had a really good rehearsal for Friday night's play.
Today afternoon 2.00 p.m  my husband suddenly planned for vacation tour . He booked the ticket for whole trip . I didn't expect  this from my husband .
I made a tasty chocolate pudding, and every one enjoyed it. 
It was payday, so everyday payday is a happy day. I was able to FINALLY pay off my last remaining balance from the birth of my twins.
My husband made me my favorite food for dinner. 
I level up in games
all are happy because of me for solving the major issue 
I watched a series of movies. 
One last azalea bloom came out today and I was happy to see it because all of the other flowers were killed by a late frost a few weeks back.
I got an offer to help a photographer friend to shoot the Cubs' season opener game.
I was able to find time to go have my hair cut, something I have been putting off all month and it looks great!
I met my old friend both were studying 20 years back. there after no link. unexpectedly i met him in airport. It was very surprise to me. Later we remembered our childhood days. and present life.
I got my computer fixed finally.Now i can get back to doing the things i need to get done.
Participated in ugadi food festival in office
I done all my job  as i planned. I am very pleased.
I wrote my MBA assignments and sent to my study center through courier. After that I saw 3 papers not inserted. At once I phoned to the courier office and told them not to send my cover. I went and kept all the papers in time and was really happy.  
Got a new iPhone 7 Plus (Product Red)
I won a basketball medal with my team and I was leader and mvp of the match
Some triathlon gear I'd been waiting on for a while arrived at last, after a pleasing and positive resolution with the seller. Very pleased with purchase - it fits and performs really well.
My friends thrown a surprise party for my promotion yesterday, so happy.
I and my friends went to my favourite amusement park at the end of my street. We had great time there. We went to all the amazing rides and elated in ecstasy.
I finally finished the new york times crossword I was working on.
My friend called me to tell me of a possible job opening in my field.
The mechanic contacted me about repairs to my truck, and they were much less expensive that I had anticipated.
I was able to stay under 700 calories yesterday and continue my fast so I can eat out with my friends this weekend. 
my hole family out to have dinner
I played with my dog outside. It was sunny and we both had fun.
LAST NIGHT I WENT TO HOTEL FOR A DINNER WITH Y GIRL FRIEND
I got a gift from my brother without any reason.
I was able to go and workout with a coworker of mine and that prepped me for the day and made me happy.
I have managed to earn 100 dollars for one hour of work.
to day i make breakfast to my parents
I felt my baby move in my belly for the first time!
I got a positive comment at work.
I was able to run outside and complete a 5K with a new record time in nice weather and feels like spring.
yesterday i received a message that i got promoted as a manager from my company
I love watching the sunset on the beach
I went to Costco with my daughter and did not buy anything.
When I was driving home to my house and saw a very beautiful sunset.
Sitting outside drinking a cup of tea in the sunshine surrounded by my recently bloomed tulips. 
Eating lunch with my mom and dad.
Someone who needs to retire at work was breathing heavily like her lungs were going to quit. She is a lazy worker and I want her to leave.
i brought dresses to my parents to day
I was able to hit my earnings goal for the day which I thought originally was too high. 
I got some extra sleep last night.
My mother called out of the blue to tell me how proud she is of me.
I was happy when I had lunch with my husband.
my maid cooked a delicious meal today for my family
Like I said up  above I wake up early to get started on mturk, Yesterday morning my daughter stoped and got me coffee in the morning. It was nice  and much needed. 
after 2 month i bought new tcl 32 inch led tv its looks cool and i really loved it
Playing cricket with friends
I found a bag that I thought I had lost
I watched my kids playing together and not fighting.
I made a delicious homemade Pad Thai and my husband was so happy to eat it and give so many compliments.
I won a bet for $50 this morning.
My job provided lunch and it was really good. 
I ran my longest duration so far.
I made chappati on my own for the first time and they turned out amazing!
I cooked dinner with my son, we made meatballs. 
My 6 year old came and sat on my lap while we watched tv. 
I made a delicious meal using fresh ingredients without having to go to the grocery store.
I passed an evaluation at work with flying colors
I had an in-service that I was not looking forward to attending,  but ended up having a great time with 4 friends and my daughter.  
I was really happy to find out that a friend of mine was getting married.  They even asked me to be in their wedding!
I listened to some music and heard an entire album I hadn't heard more than once before.
I was happy when I got my new incentives from my hardworking work
I went to bible study tonight with special needs friends.
My fiance found some old Magic the Gathering cards his brother was going to just throw out, so he brought them home!
I made vacation plans with my daughter today for Florida in July.
I ate my favorite dinner.
The difficult dog that hardly ever listens to me, finally decided to come today when I called her.
My mother prepared her special biriyani for me and my friend
GO TO THEATRE AND MAKE HAPPY WITH MY FAMILY
My husband kissing me hello.
I played tug-of-war with my new dog Leo.
I shared a big breakfast with my boyfriend
got bonuses from my work which i'm getting regularly
I got an email from an old friend.
My mother is recovering from weakness after chemotherapy cycle.
I brought some gifts for my siblings. 
Watched a new episode of a show that I like. 
A good win for my sports team
I managed to get under an eight minute mile pace. I'm kind of awesome.
bought a new wallet that I was looking for. 
My car loan was cleared yesterday and i was very happy. 
I got an A on the test that I barely studied for. 
You might think it would be money, power or fame. Well, think again. Positive psychology guru, Martin Seligman studied happiness and found these characteristics of happy people. How do you rate when it comes to feeling happy
I become the leader of the great squad and I achieved the highest rank
i gt an A on my exam
I've been thinking about dreams, life and death and the reflection I've had about it made me feel complete and at peace with myself.
I got new underwear in the mail that I had purchased online.
My pen pal in Vermont called me unexpectedly. We've been friends for 30 years and hope to meet in person some day.
I enjoyed having dinner with my brother and my family in the garden restaurant yesterday.
I beat the final boss in Dark Souls.
I drove around town to run errands. There was not much traffic because it is spring break.
My cat has been sick and yesterday she ate some food and scampered around the apartment.
My husband got promoted at his job and will be making more money
Meeting up with my girlfriend at the park and just talking.
Me and my family went out to travel at a nearby beach, we saw this beautiful performance of pyro dancers, it was the first time that we encountered such talent and it was really impressive. I did not say anything during the performance, I was just petrified with awe on what I saw. I could not move on from the scenario itself even after the performance has ended. I could not help but think about it. I thought that the only time I would see such performance is to visit that place again and hopefully come across these specific performers again.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

My computer, which had had a hard drive failure, got finally repaired.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.
My younger daughter can lift her head now.
I was struggling to relocate my wardrobe near windows, my husband did it for me without my knowledge before I am back from dropping kids in school.
I worked out and was able to keep up with the entire tape.
i completed all my office work and went for a nice brunch with my parter
I enjoyed to watch the soccer.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
I received a message from a seemingly charming lady on the Plenty of Fish dating app. 
I found something I had lost weeks before.
I bought a new phone
I got to see a very good old friend that came over at my daughter's birthday.
I finished work earlier than usually
I went to the park
I was able to reach my target weight today at 85kg. Need to lose more but still happy.
LAST EVENING IN MY OFFICE I GOT A GIFT CONTAINING A TOUR PACKAGE INCLUDING MY FAMILY FOR THE SUCCESS IN MY PROJECT. I FELT SURPRISE AND HAPPY.
I went to the gym
I made tea this morning with ginger. My wife liked it very much and this made me happy.
I found a great deal on a Samsonite backpack.
I talked to my mother on the phone for half an hour.
I went out with my co workers to celebrate my promotions.
I picked up my cat and he turned in my arms and seemed to hug me back while purring. I was happy that he was happy.
I bought a new T-shirt for myself
i very eagerly waiting to see my friend engagement function .she were really very cute and beautiful .she were very happy to have the engagement with his loved one .my friend character were really good and adjustable his partner were also very kind and humble .they were made for each other .they were loved a long years and they were in the living together relationship then now they were understand well and now they get soon get married.
I went for a movie without much expectations and turned out to be one of the best movie i have seen in a while  
The rain stopped and I was able to take a long walk with my dog just before daybreak.
I met up with a group of people that I haven't seen for almost half a year.
I was able to play my favorite game for 3 hours. 
During the lunch time My lovely wife gave me a special hug and sweet kiss.
I went my sons school for open house yesterday, the teacher told about him very positively, that made me happy
India won the  cricket test match against Australia today
I had a great dinner with baked chicken, hominy, bread and a salad. 
My mom took us to dinner and I ate a shrimp chimichanga
I went for a ride in enfield bullet in the morning weather with my husband.Its awesome.
During its formative years the company employed foreign experts to improve its production. Its management had the foresight to establish an R&D department even though its product range was too small.
My long time best friend came to visit me with family after so many years.
replaced the television in home
I found out that I was going to start a new and highly potent new medication for my IBS that I believe could finally provide me relief. 
My former manager who had been out on extended sick leave due to an injury came back to work yesterday. He was my first manager when I got my current job and mentored me.
I played guitar for the first time in a while. It was really satisfying to make some music.
A good dinner in a nice restaurant with coworkers.
I didn't have to take my kids to school today because it's the first day of their spring break.
One reason that experiences (and memories of those experiences) make us happier than material things is due to the entire cycle of enjoyment that experiences provide: planning the experience, looking forward to the experience, enjoying the experience, and then remembering the experience. Make your home a gallery of positive memories.
I had lunch with a friend I hadn't seen in awhile. 
I watched my favorite movie with my wife late at night
I finally got a job interview.
I spent time relaxing with my husband and watching television.
Today when i was travelling in bus I met with a stranger with whom i had a long talk.The man i met was equal to 100 books.He amazed me with many facts and experiences in his life.He also gave me many  life hacks to deal with many day to day problems.I was so glad to have such a new friend today.
When i claim back 95% my insurance money from insurance company.
GOT APPRECIATION FOR MY ACADEMIC PERFORMANCE FROM MY HEAD OF THE MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
I made love to my wife 
I was finally able to complete several small tasks at work that had been on my to-do list for awhile, but had always been superseded by other tasks. 
Last night my father gives me a gift which is bike its very very special for me its also happiest moment for me.
I saw my dig after work. 
My cousin came from my native to see my son she staying in London today she came to my home its so happy to see her in my house
My cousin brother got engaged to his love after 3 years
The third thing made me happy is I got one credit card offer.  That they increased my reward points for my purchase and they also offered free movie tickets exclusively for my credit card that makes me happy.
I could help rescue one puppy that was suffering on the street I have been seeing since one month. Gave me inner peace and Happiness.
I once failed a programming class. In the last 24 hours, I have started and completed basic python. Very big achievement for me.I am really very happy on the moment.Went to get into my bed and noticed my daughter tucked in a picture she drew for me, saying it was a 'bedtime surprise'. It was super sweet and made my day.
I got challenging work from my boss.
I got a huge amount in as a gift from my friends as my engagement gift
My son sang a song for me.
My brother called me during the night, just to check up on how I was doing.
I got offer to avail loan from bank with low interest rate and it made me happy.
I completed my goal of 30 bicep curls at the gym. I have been working on it for a couple weeks but was able to accomplish it easily today.
i ate my favourite food item for lunch
My husband made a delicious breakfast.
My best friend birthday
I am running a business and I got more order than normal that moment makes me feel happy.
just that feeling of motivation of moving into the right direction you know?!
I had dinner with my family. We went to a new restaurant nearby.
One more thing that made me happy in the past 24 hours would be my almost three year old son who just gave me a kiss on the cheek and told me he loves me. 
Due to cooler weather this afternoon, I finally managed to prune the trees in the garden
When I got the wanted seats in the cinema. It made watching a movie experience a whole lot better.
i met my old friends after 5 years.we all had a talk for half a day.we played football like my old days.
I usually play a game and in that i got struck in a level but yesterday i completed that level it made me happy
Today I make Eye contact with my crush. She Also look into my Eyes For a Seconds or Two. I can still Memorize his Beautiful Eyes. 
It was drizzling in the morning when I went for a walk. I love such a weather.
I took my mom to a small hill at Lake Elsinore that was filled with a lot of flowers.
Last night my sister got a new car so we all went for a drive with her in a new car .
I managed to do 30 one legged squats with my right leg which has been weaker than my left but I am in process of leveling them out and I am happy about the progress.
I finally got our taxes completed. I do it myself so I feel happiness and relief when it's done.
lol vix that made me giggle! Mine was just my horse being ultra soppy today grooming me when i brushed him and being a good boy - not one buck today or yesterday when riding!!
my little one is 13 months old and we were waiting for her first step.she took her first step yesterday.seeing that i felt very very happy.
I play along with daughter and her friends
Having a good nap.
its holiday and its not sunday so im happy
I drank 6 12 ounces glasses of water.
I finished my paper for my college class.
I made a cake and it was very tasty and everyone at home enjoyed it
Morning walk is a good exercise. An early-riser can be a regular morning walker. The benefits of morning walk are manifold.

In the early morning everything looks fresh and fair. The atmosphere remains pleasant and calm. A morning walker breathes pollution-free air. He enjoys lovely sights and sounds of nature. All this soothes his soul.

Regular morning walk keeps one fit. It helps form a sound health. Science says that morning walk controls blood pressure, lessens stress and strain and energizes one to work zealously.

Now-a-days we are to live a very fast life. We are to work round the clock. We hardly have time to care for our health. If the habit of morning walk is formed right from our early days, we can be sure of a sound body and a sound mind.

Besides the health benefits, it is an extremely delightful experience to take a walk early in the morning
I went to the temple with my parents.
Finally succeed in making Tomato soup.
I took my small (5" refractor) telescope out in my yard to look at stars and planets.  I was able to view Jupiter and all 4 moons surrounding the planet.  Though I would love to have a much larger telescope, this one performs very well.  With a short focal length eyepiece the view of Jupiter was very nice indeed. 
I have given Rs.100 as a donation for expenses to a Temple fund, they are very happy. 
My daughter told me I was the best cook
After dinner, I was able to enjoy a quiet moment on the porch with coffee and a cigar.
After a long time, today my cousin came home surprisingly that made my day !
I enjoyed doing my meditation at shaolin temple nearby.
I had a nice conversation with a good friend at work.
we went for birthday party of my son's friend at  today 11.30 . I talked with his friend's mother  openly  , we chatted very happily & had nice lunch . In this party I got new friends. I  and my son enjoyed a lot .
I managed to throw out a few items that were cluttering a room. I enjoyed the space I have after. 
My son had a great soccer practice and is really coming along and learning new skills as well as really learning to control his body.
I bought a brand new dress that looks beautiful. 
I got to book my movie ticket
elders blessed  me for my daring and powerful guts
I live tweeted with a group of fans. 
I was able to fit back into a pair of jeans that I have not been able to wear for over a year.
It was warm enough to drive with my car windows open.
A good friend informed me that Dave Chappelle had 2 stand up comedy acts  just released on Netflix. That was how I ended my evening yesterday, with a huge grin on my face!
My spouse underwent cancer medical treatment for major scanning but doctors said nothing to worry. she is perfectly good. you can take her to home. I was very happy.
I got to get together with some people from church to help out at the retirement home.It is always a good feeling to help people.
Had a log walk with my friends after a heavy lunch
When i came to my home, my 4 years son hug me, as he is waiting for me.
I got Rs 500 cash as a gift for the quiz which I participated three months before. It was very useful at that correct time and I felt happy about this.
Seeing a friend I haven't seen in a long time
That day I saw her working on coffe house. She was very beautiful 
Finished reading a crime novel by John Harvey. Didn't think I would read the rest of it last night but got hooked towards the end.
I finally purchased my dream house yesterday, i am feeling very happy.
I and my friends went to my favourite restaurant. We ate all the special dishes there. We all went astonished in taste and delicacy 
I spent some time in the kitchen making chicken soup.
I cooked a tasty dinner from leftovers.
I called my sister to wish her a happy birthday, and we had a very nice telephone chat.
The weather is starting to warm up which I'm super happy about. 
we enjoyed our week end with my family
I colored in my adult coloring book while watching Netflix. It was relaxing and enjoyable.
TO DAY I MORNING I JOINED A GIM
I met with my school friends and enjoyed a lot.
I was able to play outside with my child because the weather was so nice and that made me happy.
I got wet by a spring rain.
to day i went to cinema with my girlfriend
I satisfied my many food cravings for dinner.
Meeting up with some older friends that I hadn't seen for a while.
I got tickets to see my favorite movie playing right now even though it is sold out currently.
i went to temple with my parents
I went for a run in the neighborhood. I enjoyed the perfect weather
I watched Bates Motel; my favorite television show.
When my son took me out to eat at a very nice restaurant.
Walking the first morning light with the dog when the sun was just creeping behind the rushes and the birds were in full song. 
Watching a new episode of a favorite television show.
I made a delicious meal.
i received a lottery amount of 5000 today
I talked to my mom on the phone and it was an amazing call. 
My cat snuggled against my leg while sleeping.
Today i took the day off from my part time job to go and have a brunch date with my wonderful wife.
I was happy when I made a sale in my business.
it rained today and made the surroundings very beautiful
after 2 month i bought new tcl 32 inch led tv its looks cool and i really loved it
Getting an approval for coffee with a girl I have crush on.
A bakery gave me their extra pastries at the end of the day
I went shopping at the local thrift store and found a great deal on two chairs.
We watched some Always Sunny in Philadelphia and that show always makes me laugh and happy.
I accomplished all my errands for the day and had spare time to relax.
I started a new project at work and it is something really interesting to me so it seems more like fun then work 
I spent time with friends on a creative endeavor.
My husband cuddled me while we watched a movie together.
I got to talk to my mother on the phone last night, we hadn't spoke in a while and it was needed.
The pork I cooked for dinner last night turned out well, I was worried it wouldn't. 
I was able to go to bed early after accomplishing my chores earlier than i anticipated
I got an unexpected call from my daughter in NYC
I four of my daycare kids give me a hug goodnight before they laid down for a nap.
I was happy to come into work and find out that a huge project had been canceled.  It was a big relief.
Hanging out with friends.
I was able to walk my dog around our neighborhood. It was fun to see what flowers people are planting.
I had a wonderful meal with my girl
Enjoying my key lime yogurt in the morning for breakfast
I completed a fitness goal this morning that I had set for myself a while ago; run a full mile before going to work.
I was walking home from work and saw my family at the park as I walked past, so I joined them.
I was happy to return home from Russia this morning
I mowed the lawn yesterday; it makes me happy to be outside working.
My old friend Renee invited me out to dinner.
I was sitting on my porch in a rocking chair, holding my little girl when my son came up and spontaneously hugged us both. 


I got accepted into the college I applied for. 
Getting off work after a particularly busy night made me happy.
I was happy when my wife's work friends came by to visit her.
One thing that made me happy on the past 24 hours was spending quality time with my girlfriend.
Shopping made me happy
I went for a meeting about Peruvian dances with my friends
Snuggling my dog and having her give me her stinky breath kisses
I found and ordered a book online that I will like a lot.
Went out for a walk and had a great talk with a random stranger in the morning.
One of of my students told me how pretty I was.
I received a birthday gift in the mail from a good friend of mine. 
I have been suffering from fairly severe constipation for the last week, but I experienced relief this morning.
I talked to my girlfriend recently and she told me that she loved me.
I finally had a chance to talk about some things that were really bothering me with a good friend.
What made me happy was getting some lunch that felt fulfilling, even if it was a burger and fries.
I had enough time to make some doro wat chicken store with berbere sauce, it was great.
My neighbor came over to see the completion of my project.  She gave many positive compliments which made me happy. 
I was finally able to order the things I had been saving up for over the past few months.
When I was able to make an older women's day at the grocery store.
I was able to find a very good batch of Mechanical Turk Hits
I was able to go to a restaurant that I like.
I started watching Black Mirror and it was very good.
After shoveling my neighbor's driveway a couple weeks back, they surprised me by ordering me a pizza for dinner.
I got to take a patient to a floor in the hospital that I had never been to.
My daughter helped me clean the kitchen without being asked.
I watched a 6 hour training DVD on Zbrush
I had a really tough workout in the morning, and I managed to complete it while running incredibly quickly!
I had a great cup of coffee when I woke up.
My daughter smiling at me when she first woke up and saw my face.
I looked at the time and realized it was half an hour until I got off work.
I finally had enough money in my Amazon payments account to buy the vertical smoker that I have been wanting.
I went grocery shopping to purchase food to cook for my wife and myself. 
I went to see get out with my wife.
I played with my cat and he licked my face for an hour!
I woke up to my wife giving me a huge hug and smile.
I got really excited periodically, as I was thinking about this upcoming weekend. I have plans with my husband. We are going to go on a weekend trip filled with new foods, shopping, and watching the new movie that is coming out (Ghost in the Shell).
In the past 24 hours my family saying that they had trust in me to be responsible was the thing that made me the most happy. 
I went for a walk early in the morning and air was clear and crisp.
When my wife came home from being at work all day.
Talked to a preacher about a church me and my fiance are wanting to get married in.
I finished a project I was working hard on at work.
My cat sat on my lap and purred while I read a book. 
I made a pizza at home with my wife and it was delicious.
My partner woke me up to give me a kiss before they left for work.
My diet seems to be working as my clothes fit a bit looser.
My 13 year old son did an excellent job completing his science project on his own.
When I got home from the grocery store, my husband had vacuumed the floor and taken the trash out, without me asking him to do so. 
I enjoyed swimming in the beach near chennai.
Getting a call from a client confirming a purchase order.
I was happy to run a dungeons and dragons campaigns for my friends.
I had a piece of the richest, most moist chocolate cake I've ever had.
I went out last night and a friend made me an awesome drink with chocolate syrup and bailey's irish cream.
I finished out my caloric logging for the day on my calorie counting app and it provided me with feedback stating that I would weigh 2lbs less in the next week.
I was finally able to take the necessary steps to start learning Japanese and I finally read my first sentence, it felt really great inside.
I ran two miles at a fast pace, that I have never achieved before. 
I played with my grandchildren at a local park and I was very happy about it.
I had a giant chocolate cup cake.
I was happiest last evening when I was painting in the garden.
I got a raise at work. I went in for my evaluation yesterday morning and heard back a few hours ago.
This morning my nephew and sister in law came to visit, along with my mother in law. 
I had a conversation with a girl I met online today.
I sold my motorcycle and got 2 thousand dollars for it which is a lot
I hung out with a close friend last night and had dinner and drinks with him.
I went for a 2 hour run that made me feel great. I can feel myself getting in better shape and that makes me feel good.
I checked my weight and I have lost 10 pounds since I started dieting 2 months ago.
I sat outside in my backyard and enjoyed the greenery and the sun that shone down on my face.

I went to the gym today and was about to run for 30 minutes straight. 
My wife made her chicken soup.
Going to the gym during my lunch break made me happy
The beautiful weather outside makes  me happy. 
I had a package arrive at my door.
I received a bonus at work.
My ordered dress fitted me nicely.
I had the day off from work and I was able to binge watch a TV show with no interruptions.
I saw my baby through an ultrasound monitor.
Last night my favorite hockey team won and played really well after playing a bad game the other night. 
I visited a new park in the area and enjoyed a nice walk.
I hit my work goal earlier than expected--I could actually quit now if I wanted, but I like these HITs.
Getting to see my relative that lives in another state.
I went out to eat at my favorite burger joint. The burgers were so delicious, I was in complete bliss.
I was able to run for 5 miles. This is the most I have ever done.
I was happy because I went to dinner last night with friends I hadn't seen months.
Coffee has made me incredibly happy.
My son was being very good when I took him to play at the mall, even though other children weren't.
I had my best day on Turk ever yesterday! I have been working hard to help supplement income so we can start working towards a full garden and hen house.
I was able to have my cell phone service plan significantly reduced which caused me a great deal of happiness yesterday. 
I won an art contest today. First prize was a free dvd.
I got to go to yoga and relax for an hour 
I won a lottery scratch off for $10.  I never win these things and I won this time.
I finally cleaned out my basement. 
I got to spend time playing board games online with my girlfriend.  We are currently 1600 miles away from each other, so any time we can spend together is treasured and valuable.
When I woke up after a good nights sleep, a sense of satisfaction hit me.
I got a new laptop which was awesome.
I was reminded of why I love Eli Manning so much. He's honestly a talented quarterback, but I had forgotten all about him for so long, then when I saw a funny gif of him, it brought back so many happy memories.
In the past 24hrs I was so happy and amazed when my boss told me that I am entitled for a 5000$ bonus in relation to the new project I have made perfectly. It is a big help for me and my wife that's why I am so happy. I felt very fortunate and happy. All my life, I haven't received any amount of money from the company. This is the first time.
I had a pleasant conversation with a girl I like. 
I did strength training for about 30 minutes. 
I Djed online
My new boss appreciated the work i put in
Mowing, raking and maintaining the lawn with my two oldest children happily helping the entire time.
My basketball team won the game in the last few seconds
I was happy when I got home from work and ate a piece of tiramisu that my wife had made. 
My friend sent me a funny picture. 
I bought a new a pistol and took it to the range. I was able to shoot it very good.
I finally received my Pep Boys rebate in the form of a $40 prepaid Visa card in the mail, which I promptly used to purchase an item I had been wanting on Amazon.
After lunch, I took a long walk around the block near my office where there is lots of sun and not many cars that are passing by.
I went for a jog.
I went to the gym and was able to bench press 315 lbs.
feeling the warmth of the sun as i walked outside with my dog 
I went out with friends to have drinks at a bar.
I went running in the park after work and got myself into better shape. 
I was given a nice compliment at work.
It made me happy when I started a new Instagram account and uploaded some pictures to show my points of view.
My youngest daughter called me and we chatted for awhile.
I met with a friend for lunch and had a nice time socializing.
I pet my cats while they were curled up napping. It made me happy to be close to them. 
I woke up and exercised for a half hour.  I was so happy that it is starting to hurt less and that it made me have a brighter beginning to my day.
I was happy going to physical therapy this morning because it made me feel better later on during the day.
I saw some friends that I had not seen in a while and it was good to reconnect. 
My cat snuggled with me while we slept.
I have begun looking for a home to buy and feel some hope for the future. 
Within the past 24 hours, what made me happy was taking a long nap after a stressful day of studying. 
I ran this morning for 4 miles, usually I only go for 2 miles, but I pushed myself today to see how far I could go. 
I got to spend the evening with my husband enjoying each other's company.
I hit my goal of walking 5 miles for the day.  
i was working on a problem from the morning when i found the solution for the problem i was very happy there is no words to describe my feelings
My son got me a cold drink and kissed my forehead when I wasn't feeling well. 
I made my goal of losing 10 pounds.
I went for a walk around the block.
My roommate made me breakfast this morning.

My wife came home early from work so we got to spend extra time together.
My husband was very kind and sweet in the morning. He sat and talked to me. We ate breakfast for me. He waited to see me.
My teen daughter made me a cup of tea last night and set it next to my bed.
I went to the gym and really enjoyed how awesome my workout was afterwards. 
My boyfriend was gone for spring break visiting his family and he got back yesterday. It was nice to wake up next to him and cuddle him after being apart.
Carnival Corp reported that they beat estimates, and their stock is going way up right now (I have a bunch invested in it).
I got to eat some really delicious noodles that my mom made.
I bought a new laptop.
A friend of mine was on the verge of crying. She just threw herself at me, clutched at my clothes, and sighed with some relief as I held her tightly. I was overwhelmed she found comfort in my embrace.
I tried to book a doctor's appointment, and there was an opening the next day.
Talking on the phone with my mom this morning
I bought a new pair of headphones!
It was adapted into a stage musical in 2008, with film/theater actor Oh Man-seok debuting as director. Oh was also the lyricist and polished the script. The story centers around two guys who are crazy about music. One is a high school music teacher, Beom-jin, who has broken up with his girlfriend and now eats sadly alone in front of his mirror out of habit. Another is the younger Sae-ki, whose mother left and whose father died in a sudden accident, leaving him an orphan. In this rather dull world, the only thing that makes these two feel alive is music, offering them their "happy life". Yoo Jun-sang and Im Choon-gil alternated as Beom-jin, and Kim Mu-yeol and Ryan alternated as Sae-ki.
Having dinner with my parents
I bought a jacket that I had admired and got a great deal.
My girlfriend came over and cuddled with me until we fell asleep.
I found a good amount of things to watch on Twitch and enjoyed myself quite a lot
I was able to make some time for playing a video game that I haven't gotten around to for a while.
I received from free sushi from a coworker
In the last 24 hours me and my husband decided that we were going to renew our vowels it made me very excited to know that we are still in love after 43 years of marriage, 
I went to watch a soccer match at the stadium. Had fun cheering up for my team
I watched a tv show with my stepdaughter.
My friend treated me to a nice lunch. It was seafood and delicious. I didn't have to pay for anything. 
I woke up this morning and my back pain had gone away completely.
I was most happy when I picked my 6 month old daughter up from her first day of day care yesterday and I saw her bright beaming smile.
I managed to eat under my calorie goal for the day and felt accomplished.
I got paid on monday and immediately used the money to pay off a long time credit card debt from my dentist. I am finally free
My favorite hockey team winning yesterday.
I got to finally help my mom get a new doctor and make an appointment for her. She has been asking me to help her for a few months because she doesn't know how to use the internet and search for a new doctor on KP website.
Receiving a high score on a very hard college exam paper. 
I received praise from my boss for a project that I completed. 
My spouse gave me a big hug this morning.
I watched a movie with my spouse and she rubbed my sore feet.
I enjoyed a cup of coffee this morning.
Watching Bob's Burgers streaming on Fox.
I got a ten dollar bonus from a requester on Mechanical Turk, and I didn't even remember doing the HIT.
I got a new role as a project manager in a team I'm working on with a side-job I have.
Deciding to skip the gym for the night and spend a couple of extra hours together with my girlfriend
At the wildlife center I volunteer at, an injured beaver made a full recovery and we were able to bring it back to its home.
I had talked on the phone with my girlfriend while i've been sick. 
My 4 year old son was trying to impress his mother yesterday. After dinner he asked for a piece of chocolate. We have mini Hershey bars so I put one on the counter. My son pointed at the chocolate bar and with his finger moving across the letters he said. Mom it says Turkeys. It made me laugh
My daughter climbed in bed with me and snuggled while pretending she was a kitten.
I got to relax and spend time with my girlfriend, and not worry about anything else.
I went on a nice evening walk around the neighborhood with my wife.
I got complimented on looking buff
When my children got up this morning, I received big hugs and kisses from each of them.
I was able to take 10 minutes to relax prior to starting work. This made me happy and focused.
I picked up a new bedspread for the bed.  My other bedspread had holes in it and it needed to be replaced.  My husband was happy with the length and width of the spread.
Talking with my sister-in-law over the phone yesterday evening. It had been a while since the last time we talked and I really enjoyed reconnecting with her.
I made more money than expected on MTurk. 
I managed to make it to the next prize level in Hearthstone's tournament mode from my previous high.
Did well in the videogame I was playing

It's my son's eighth birthday in four days. I had fun going through his baby pictures and old birthday photos. 
I won at poker at the local bar. I won $600 and bought a round of drinks for everyone cause I felt so good. I am still happy from this event even this morning. 
I ate a nice dinner which had a delicious steak.
I got home from work and my dog greeted with kisses and wanting pets. It made me happy to be greeted and see him happy.
I got done with a test that I had been nervous about taking. I think I did pretty good too.
I had lunch with my mom at one of our favorite spots.
Last night watching movies with three of my friends at my home place. It was amazing as we are all day tired and wanted to spend some time with each other for couple of hours. It was a great divine feeling working hard and being with your loved ones.
We were enjoying the moment for about 3 hours.
I received an award for excellence in teaching from my University.  It was a wonderful honor, and a beautiful reception to be a part of.
I found out what was wrong with my internet modem and was able to fix it myself.
I was able to see a doctor and receive some medicine for the horrible cold I have.
My son told me that he loved my beautiful face
I finally repaired a problem with my car. I needed some help, but I managed to do it mostly on my own.
I had been out to a beautiful garden
I got a puppy on Saturday, so he makes me happy when he cuddles with me.
I relaxed and played Mass Effect on my computer.
I fall in love with a girl Iall never know. She sat across from me at Starbucks, unknowingly stealing my breath away. Yes Iall never see her again, but for that hour I was in love.
I helped a client learn how to stretch so she can be in less pain.
I met up with 88 year old aunt for lunch. We caught up with all the family news.

My employer offered to switch me from part time to full time work.
My favorite TV show had a new episode and I watched it.
Eating my sriracha and sour cream mashed potatoes that turned out exceptionally well.
I went to shoot pool with my friends. I won the game.
I just got a $21 bonus on a mturk task!
Being able to master a song i have practiced on my instruments
I went bouldering at a gym with a good friend.
I managed to do 20 pushups finally.
This morning, my wife gave me a hug and told me that I am the most important person in the world to her.
I managed to vape for a good portion of the day yesterday. I'm trying to quit smoking, so every time I can make a healthier choice, it's a job well done.
A saw a man help a lady get something off the top shelf at the grocery store and it made me happy because I thought it was very nice of him and not something you see everyday. 
I daughter took both of her naps during the day (totaling 3 hours), which allowed me 3 hours of quiet time.
I went on a date with a cute guy whom I have had a crush on for awhile.
I was able to complete everything on my schedule yesterday. This made me feel very productive.
My boyfriend told me I was smart and beautiful before he left for work. I felt very loved and appreciated.
When I came home from work, my two little grandsons were playing in my front yard.
I went to the gym and felt proud of myself after.
I managed to make $80 from writing.
Yesterday we had donuts at work to celebrate a co-workers birthday. It was a nice surprise!
Some colleagues and I finished a project we've been working on.
I went on a short day hike at the wilderness park.
I went for a walk with my husband and my dog. the sun was shining and the birds singing, a perfect spring day.
I was at the gym and hit a new record for a few different lifts.
I finally convinced my girlfriend to go to the movies with me. We both had a lot of fun and it was a nice night.
A friend took me to lunch today.
Laughing and joking with my mother this morning made me happy.
I went swimming in Florida on vacation with my family. 
Today is my son's birthday, and he was so excited to open his gifts from us!
Yesterday I found and bought a Persimmon tree at Home Depot.  Later on I planted the tree in front of our yard.
I played with my dog.
I made myself a delicious cheeseburger this afternoon. It came out great.
I listened to a happy song/
I gave a homeless person some money.
Seeing my sister today after her being away for 3 months in college.
Coworkers are making steps to help me in getting more hours in at work, which would give me benefits and higher pay
Playing a video game with my friend.
I made a new friend online
My husband and I drove to the mall on his day off and the weather was perfect. 
I went out for a walk since it was a nice day.
I ran a lap around my neighborhood and broke my previous record of 3
I managed to make $46 on Mechanical Turk. Which made me happy because I'm putting that money towards a new $250 office chair. So I'm 1/5 of the way there.
I watched a wonderful movie that I have not seen in years. My family and I were thrilled.
I played a few hours of video games with my closest friends.
My son actually acknowledged me when I woke him up in the morning instead of just grunting.
Finally receiving the package that I was waiting for.
I won a long match of an online card game called Hearthstone.
Spending time with my girlfriend last night
I found fifty dollars on the floor and I was broke and I needed to buy some lunch.
I gave my fiancee a hug.
I watched the entirety of Pharrell's new 24-hour music video "Happy"aon mute, in 2-hour chunks, over the course of several days; that is how I am still alive.
Basically I got an eye exam that really helped me with my eyes. I have diabetes and suffering some vision problems. I ended up getting prescription glasses for my eyes.
That the weather was nice and planted the first vegetables of the season. They should grow in this weather nicely.
I went to lunch with my father who I hadn't seen since Christmas.
i felt happy today when a guy that i was interested in asked me to hang out with him later tonight. 
My daughter told me she loved me and hugged me before bed time.
I was sent home early for work.
I worked out at the gym and got a lot done during it. 
Coworker brought in donuts for breakfast
Daughter was just blurting out happy birthday and it happened to be my wife's birthday who passed away in April
i was given a promotion at work 

The wife was horny this morning.
I got a call for a job interview I didn't think I qualified for.


I was happy when I listened to the album Wildflowers on vinyl.
I set a new personal record doing squats. I can now do one repetition of 250 pounds.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
I went to Dunkin Donuts and the girl there wrote "sexy" on my cup as my name and I noticed it a couple hours later and it made me happy.
I walked 2000 steps which equaled a whole mile! I will continue now to do more with this confidence breaker.
I was able to achieve something difficult at work that made my co-worker really happy. 
I finished a backlog of paperwork at work, with help. 
I got Chinese food for dinner, it was good.
My friend, Sheryl came over to visit me and my puppy. 
I started a small business of my own.
sitting down talking to my neighbor
Talking to my girlfriend over the phone and making weekend plans
I made the final table of a poker tournament.
i benched pressed 200 pounds last week passed my one rep max.
I have a small young calf that is really sick , I did not think he would make it , but he got up last night and was standing on his own and doing really well , I was happy for this that I am very proud of the little guy 
Getting my new vape Pax 2 in the mail today, I've been waiting for while! Joy!
It made me happy when I got to get some fries for lunch earlier
Got my period, which of course sucks, but lets me know everything's good health-wise
When I bought a new top from my favorite store
My boss rewarded me with tickets to a pro hockey game that's being played later this week.
I helped plan a surprise party for my Mom's 70th birthday party coming up. 
When i went to the bathroom
I ate a delicious dinner with my husband.
I won 5 dollars off a lottery scratch off.
I was able to get established on better ground with my therapist.
When it was my free session at school, which means I had 35 minutes of no learning.
I had a great workout at the gym.
My husband walked all the way to a nearby store and picked up a beautiful card for me, to make me feel better (he didn't have to walk but he did - it made it even more special to me).
I progressed on my barbell bench press after plateauing.
I finished making a mega cake for a friend's birthday and it came out great!
I was really happy when I was finished with my midterm. I felt decently well on it and was happy when it was over.
My husband gave me a lingering hug and kisses before I left for work.
I got Korean barbecue from a nearby food cart.
I made a big dinner with my girlfriend last evening.
Came home to okay with my new puppy that was happy to see me 
My baby woke up silly and happy and I  felt happy and refreshed from a fairly good night sleep and enjoyed his silliness.

I got a full night of sleep. That does not often happen with a 3 month-old in the house. 

Today is my dog's birthday, and we had fun playing with his present.
I found an interesting book at the library, a book I didn't know existed.
I went to the gym and exercised on the elliptical and lifted weights after work.
I finally completed a long, tiring task at work.
I went to a local bar and had dinner with an old friend.
Increased my max bench press this morning, heaviest I've ever lifted
I took my daughter to lacrosse practice and watched her play.
On my way home, I purchased a purple flower plant, and gave it to my significant other when they arrived home from work. Just seeing their reaction made my heart glow.
I saw my son trying to make a grilled cheese on the stove, and it wasn't working so well, the bread was falling apart and the cheese was burning. I came over and helped him, and he made one on his own too and we ate them together. It made me feel warm to teach him something, even so simple.
I was happy when I got an email for a discount on a triathlon i wanted to do.
I cooked a new recipe I've been wanting to try. It turned out well.
I watched a funny movie together with my husband. We both enjoyed it.
My dog listened to me when I asked him to stay at the door while I went to the mailbox.


I got to stay home from work today to take care of some stuff around the house.
I picked up my daughter from school.  She was so happy to see me.
My husband came home this morning to get changed and ready for work. It was nice to see him for a bit.
I got a lot of hours at work yesterday, which is good, because we need the money.
I ate pretty healthy today and felt good about myself. 
It made me happy today to learn that I made an 88% on a hard biology test.
I watched a Blackhawks game last night.
My boyfriend got a phone call saying that his lost phone had been found! 
I met up with a few friends for some tea and a Bible study session, it was really fun and engaging. 
My husband and I get a long really well and we had a lovely day yesterday. We had coffee and watched the news. we discussed our thoughts. simple things make me the happiest.
There is a nest of birds in my horse's stall. It's up on a beam. I've been watching the mother bird build it for awhile. When I went into the stall today, I saw and could hear the baby birds chirping. It made me happy to see that they all hatched.
Got to eat dinner with the girlfriend and we sat at the bar so I can watch the game.
I'm trying to study individual frames of animation and I'm pleased by the results. 
I weighed myself in the morning and I lost some weight - 5lbs to be exact.
Today made me happy because I was able to enjoy time with some of my co-workers outside of work.
I was happy to take a Sunday afternoon nap.
Playing videogame with my friend.
complete my pending job task today.
A couple hours ago I found out I got 10/10 on this exam that I prepared a very long time for. 
im a pilot and a flew today
We were accepted for a new apartment.
I enjoyed fishing with my family on early morning.

I realized that, under the ACA, I have people I can count on to support me in getting (and keeping) health coverage.
I got really lucky and drafted possibly the best deck I've ever had in Hearthstone (video game). I was destroying my first 3 opponents and simultaneously going through a bag of Lindt chocolate truffles when I realized that I was really, really happy. The feeling of euphoria lasted another 15 minutes or so until I lost three straight games and I was back to normal. 
My favorite tv show came on.
I went to my sisters and saw the new baby smile.

Today I received my new laptop from Amazon and it even arrived a day early.
I completed an online course I had been putting off. 
I was happy when my online order arrived incredibly quickly. 
I worked on my garden in the nice warm weather. The plants were all growing so nicely and the air was so clean.
I had cream of chicken soup for dinner. It made me feel a lot better because I have been sick. 
My supervisor told me that I'm a really good worker and that I should consider applying for a higher up job in my workplace.
I got to take a walk with my 12 month old son and my husband. The weather is ver beautiful right now. cool and sunny.
I talked on the phone with my best friend and we laughed a lot.
I booked a flight to Colombia.
I gave my daughter a present and witnessed her joy.
I received a large, unexpected bonus from a Mturk requester earlier today, which is great because every little bit helps! 
I ran a mile under 6 minutes today and it made me feel fast.
I went for a hike with my dog. It was a beautiful, sunny day and we had the park almost all to ourselves.
I was given $10 by a stranger in line for coffee today.
I talked to my boyfriend.
I was able to help my friend get more money for ssi.
A girl that I have a crush on showed up to the gym while I was working out this morning.
I get more money from ssi!
I completed a book that I was reading and really enjoyed it.
I got to babysit my grandchildren. I love to spend time with them.
Picking up my girlfriend from the airport since I hadn't seen her for two weeks.
I got to meet with some old friends to celebrate one of their birthdays.
I received a new instrument for my classroom, I was not expecting it to arrive. 
I danced to  soca music with my mom and sister.
What made me happy was receiving my grades for college and getting 4 A's and 1 B.
I was suffering from a stomach bug and my husband made multiple trips to WalGreens to grab gatorade and medicine for me. It made me feel loved. 
I got up from sitting on a plane for several hours and stretched.
I had a picture of myself published in my college's newspaper.
My ex girlfriend texted me and talked to me on the phone as well.
It was my 25th birthday!
My girlfriend told me she is really happy with me and that she was happy she met me.
It is spring break right now at work and my job is much more calm than normal, so I have gotten to spend some quality time with students and relax.
I watched my TV shows.
I watched a particularly compelling episode of a show that I enjoy on Netflix.
I got new darts for my electronic dart board in my basement. I got to finally play.
Been trying to lose weight lately by diet and exercise, and this morning I woke up and weighed myself and I've lost a whole 2 pounds! It made me so happy and felt so rewarding!
My professor gave me an extension on an assignment
I was told that the school I teach it will be closed all week, but teachers will still be paid.
I GOT GOVERNMENT JOB
FRIENDS MEETING
FRIENDS GET TO GATHER PARTY
I'M GOING TO MOVIE 
FRIENDS ALSO MOVIE  
I WAS VERY HAPPY THAT SOMEONE WHO OWED ME MONEY PAID ME BACK LAST NIGHT. 
I went to In n Out after work and I was starving. The double double tasted so good
I was happy when I read the email of a requester giving me a $3 bonus. 
My kids (twin boys) woke me up today with kisses and hugs.
I went to the beach with my girlfriend. It was nice seeing the beautiful sunset go down while holding her in my arms, I was so grateful for this life
When I walked into the classroom, the students ran up and excitedly hugged me.
The stray cat that was hanging out on the back porch last night finally found it's way home. I was getting worried. 
I purchased new pants that were two sizes smaller than I usually buy.


Daughter committed to a college.
When I got off of work last night after an especially exhausting day of work. It felt so good to come home and relax after putting in a hearty 50 hours. 
I got the last question on final Jeopardy correct, and it was a challenging science topic.
I had a great discussion about Philosophy with a colleague of mine. We both agree on a major philosophical issue.
I had lunch with my parents and husband. We talked and had a good time hanging out together.
My boyfriend gave me flowers.
I enjoyed cooking ribs for dinner tonight.
I saw a great blue heron catching a small fish by the creek out back.
I watched a movie with my wife, and we both enjoyed it.
I went to the gym and ran for 20 minutes.
My sister, Keandra, asked me to go for a run after she got off school. I did and it felt great to be moving and stronger than her.
My dog greeted me when I came home. 
I met my daily work goal in less than 2 hours.


I was texting with my boyfriend, and I mentioned I liked a new beer I was trying. He replied, "Noted."
My son and I went to the park. He was running around laughing and enjoying himself.
Going to Tucker's ice cream parlor and getting some burgundy cherry ice cream.
I spent time with my boyfriend on our anniversary and watched my favorite movie.
I went for a walk on the marina with my husband.
My dentist told me I do not need root canal.
The last show before WrestleMania, Goldberg appeared and got the better of his upcoming opponent Brock Lesnar.  A great result.
My wife snuggling up with me when I went to bed last night.
Drinking a beer right now in the past 24 hours is making me happy.
I made an amazing dinner of garlic and butter noodles.  It had the perfect amount of salt, butter, and Parmesan cheese.  It made my mouth really happy.  
My fiancee brought our puppy to my workplace when she had to drop something off.
When I ate my salad for lunch it was so good.
I went to a hockey game with 3 close friends.


The weather cooperated and it was not a cold morning!
Making dinner for me and my family.
I made delicious rice pudding
I ate delicious rice pudding
I complete 5 Mturk surveys
I taught my dog a new trick
I received a check in the mail
The coworkers I met for lunch today were nice people and I had a good chat with them.
I was off from work, and I got to work on two of the things I enjoy doing most with my spare time, which includes doing survey work and video games.
I got the "play of the game" in the video game Overwatch.
I went over and visited the construction site of my future house.
A beer
Going to dunkin' donuts and getting a free dozen of them made me happy today.
My family and I just moved into our new house yesterday after a month of us staying with a family friend.
I had a delicious lunch today.
In the last 24 hours receiving my raise at work made me very happy
Watching my son play his guitar with the church band.
I got a burger for lunch and it was cooked perfectly because it wasn't too rare or too well-done.
My daughter took her first steps today. 
Cooking dinner with my boyfriend.
I had some new classes yesterday and it made me happy to start a new quarter and turn a new leaf.
I asked a girl out for a third time last night and she said yes.
I stayed up late to watch Star Wars: Rogue 1. I really enjoyed it. 
My mummy's kind and caring phone call voice healed me from head ache and work stress and renewed my strength.
I won sports bets on all 3 of the tennis matches I put money on.
I got off the place and was greeted by a friend I am visiting.
The New York Knicks actually played well and won a game.
I finished knitting a hat I've been working on for a while and it looks really good.
I completed a big project.
My back stopped hurting.
I made a great riff on guitar
I had a great workout at the gym yesterday.
I ate chicken, rice, and vegetables for lunch.
I did not have to go in to work today
I did yoga yesterday which relaxed me and allowed me to stretch my body. This helped me feel more positive throughout the day.


I went to the gym. Hitting a new personal record on the bench press made me more confident in my abilities.  
I obtain my goal of exercising for one hour per day today
sex with my wife 
I went to the gym to lift weights.
I finished my workout this morning and felt energized.

I went on a birthday date with my significant other
I went for a run and broke my personal best for a 5k time.
When I'm with my kids.
I completed a modification for a video game that I was able to release to the public.
I rode my bike to a cafe. The weather had improved majorly and a light wind was blowing in my direction.
I had a really fun night out  at a bar with an old friend.
i watched Spain playing football
I was scheduled to work late this evening at a location about two hours away from my home, but it was rescheduled for tomorrow morning.
I played Fast RMX on my Nintendo Switch.
I went for a run on a nature trail near my house. This is the beginning of spring, so it was nice to see the forest coming back to life.
I finally figured out how to properly install a program at work. 
I was happy when I got to go to back to the gym.
I made the perfect pot of coffee, it had great flavor.
My coffee this morning was especially good and it made me very happy.
I decided to propose to my girlfriend
*Listening to some oldies but goodies music on the radio, it brought back some old good memories.  

My friend marriage
I am a Type 1 Diabetic.  Today, my blood sugars were in a good range all day.
I went to the gym and had a good workout.
I went on a bicycle ride with my roommate Ryan on a new trail east of our apartment.
I went on a walk with my girlfriend
I reached a new fitness goal of mine.
A moment that made me happy was hitting a weight goal
I was able to exercise for the first time in awhile. 
I bought a freshly made smoothie from our cafeteria. 
I finally got to sleep in after not getting enough sleep for a few days, so it felt pretty amazing.
my mom made me my favorite pancakes after long time.
I am happy that I finished a very special project that I needed to do for my church.
I was able to purchase Firefly on Blue-ray. I have been looking for a great deal and I finally found one.
I went shopping for my daughter's birthday and bought her a "Puppy Surprise" which brought back some childhood memories.
I got some great pictures of the bluebirds building a nest in the back yard.
I got an awesome deal on a watch that I really wanted, it arrived this morning and I was very excited to put it on. Looks great in person
I booked a flight to Stockholm.
Burton (my parent's dog) is coming over in my apartment.
I hung out with my mother.
I played pool with my girlfriend and enjoyed watching her bend over to make the perfect shot.
My son told me this morning that I was his best friend. 
I went to dinner with my roommates and laughed until my stomach hurt.
My daughter met with the golf Coach for the college she wants to attend.
Shooting guns.
I was able to till up my garden area.
I took my dogs for a walk because it was a nice day
Seeing my girlfriend in bed with me as i wake up
I cooked and ate a satisfying meal for my wife and I.
I witnessed my daughter playing outside with her friends right outside the window.
I was happy that I was upgraded to first class on my flight home.
I made a grilled cheese and had a beer with it after I mowed -- I love both of those things.
I received a discount for my coffee.
My coworker just received news that she had an accepted offer on her home.
I found out that a new season of my favorite Netflix show is being released soon. 
I was happy to be able to help my friend with money issues.
I was happy when I got an email from my niece thanking me for coming to her wedding.
Another thing that made me happy on the past 24 hours was engaging in some light exercise which included a 30 minute walk.
I had a great meal
I went to buy a new game for my PS4 - street fighter V
Watching my kid play with her friends yesterday
I ate a type of candy that reminded me of my childhood.
Exercised and managed to beat my record of running a mile by 5 seconds.
I had a great workout this morning.
My cat ran into my bedroom and immediately came up to lay on my chest when he woke up this morning. 
Since I am no longer constipated, I was able to go for a long walk around my neighborhood.
I ate my favorite food, chicken alfredo.
I went for a walk, it was nice and sunny outside.
I prepped oatmeal for a few months so I have plenty of great breakfasts ready.
A friend came over to help install an appliance.  I was very happy I didn't have to pay a professional.
I got to spend time with my friend as we watched one of our favorite shows together.
When I was able to have a good workout with my past teammates.
I found 14 high quality fuji apples for the very cheap price of 9.99. 
I was able to watch The Walking Dead tv show.
I am getting better at doing homework without having a mental breakdown or sleeping.
Due to poor weather conditions I was unable to go to the gym last night. However, I wasn't really in the mood to go anyway, so this gave me a valid excuse.
I got a piece of candy from my friend.
I finished the work project I was working on today.
I came up with several new concept ideas and started work on them.
During dinnertime, I saw one of the girls I like, and we seemed to interact extremely well, so now I feel like there's some potential in that relationship!
I played video games with my roommate and online friends.
A student that I teach telling me that they enjoyed having me as a teacher.
I tried real butter for the first time.
Playing with my dogs in the yard.
I did my daily exercises as well as lifting dumb bells to help keep me in shape and maintain good muscle tone.
I was selected to go on a leadership retreat at work.
Eating a great seitan bowl yesterday made me thrilled.
I fixed a broken window that had been in that condition for months!
An episode of my favorite anime was released, and I was able to watch it on my lunch break at work without being disturbed.
Within the past 24 hours I felt happy when I got a text from a good friend and found out that they are feeling better after being sick for the past two weeks.
I found my favorite beer at a local store.
When I went to the doctor and they told me my fracture was healing.
Walking outside with a friend playing pokemon go
A new episode of my favorite TV show was on.
I made a sale on my Etsy site which was unexpected. 
My cat laid in my lap and purred.
Actually left the house to complete errands that needed doing.
After finishing a long day of work, chores and parenting, it was so relaxing to finally sit on the couch and relax in front of the tv.
I had an excellent sexual experience with my husband.
My daughter came in last night and told me that she loved me and gave me a hug and a kiss and then put herself to bed. 
i went to resort and enjoyed all game there
Going to school to get my daughters grades which had great results.
I was happy when I woke up to a cup of coffee.
My dog finished all his food for the first time in a few days.
I had lunch with a friend and found out that another friend is going to be a bartender at the place.
I was watching an episode of crashing and I had a good laugh at one of the jokes on the episode.
I went for a walk this morning the smell of morning air was really nice and the weather was great.
My daughter helped me make lunch.
I had dinner with my wife and daughter and was very happy to visit with her.
I finished reading the novel of human bondage.
I was reading in my hammock.
I finished my classes to become lasted as a foster parent last night. It was the last of 
My girlfriend cuddled with me before we went to sleep for a long time last night
I got a new credit card in the mail today i am excited about that.
Getting a back massage
I wrote a song that I really liked and feel good about making.
I hung out and went drinking with my boyfriend and our friends.
I enjoyed tending to my garden, getting my hands dirty and spending time watering and taking care of my vegetable garden.

I went to lunch with my grandmother. 
My daughter giggled at me.
Staying at home after going to the gym and being alone
The music that I listened to today made me feel happy. 
I woke up on time and made it to work.
I saw a funny video on the internet.
My daughter played a song for me on the piano.
A friend made dinner for me.
I ate fish today.
My significant other made me an eclair cake and brought it over. 
I ate a nice, juicy steak for dinner.
I found something unexpected in a video game I am playing.
Getting a full night's sleep.
I had a great lunch with a former co-worker of mine. I had not seen him for months and we caught up
I was happy because I was able to attend a lecture by my favorite author last night.
I found a new playlist of 80s hip hop songs.
My mother brought by Japaneses food for lunch and it was delicious. 
I was able to wake up without a headache
Today I received good news about a close relative who was hospitalized and is now fully recovered and ready to go home.
My friends birthday was today. We went to applebee's.
I went to the gym in the morning. 
I had a great workout on a treadmill this morning at the gym.
My sister came over to visit.
The dogs "attacked" me in bed.  I got covered in pupper kisses.  Can't be mad about that, can I?
when i got home from work this morning, and my son gave me a big old grin and wanted me to hold him.
I just paid to get my car tags legal again.  
I met a good friend for coffee and got to see her one year old son, I hadn't seen him in a long time.
The bonus the I got from the company is the one that made me so happy. Now, I am planning for another vacation with my wife and hopefully we can have the money soon.
I went for a run on my local riverside trail last night. The springtime weather was refreshing.
I cleaned my room and tidied up all the mess. 
I ate some good food
My partner made me a romantic meal to congratulate me for my new job.
Watching a movie with my three children to end the day.
Helped a customer at work and they were genuinely appreciative
I was happy I closed a deal I had been working on for weeks.
My friends make jokes with me. 
I got happy watching thew walking dead that i missed on sunday. I made an hour of it got some beer and plopped on the couch for an hour 
I watched my nephew while my sister was at work and we had fun playing outside.
I checked my credit score on CreditKarma and it had risen 20 points since I last checked it a few weeks ago.
I did strength training that made my body feel good and made me proud of myself.
I ate healthier.
I got a new partnership with a tech company.
i made my mother laugh while we were talking
I watched the latest episode of Big Brother Canada.
I went to dinner with my girlfriend to one our favorite Chinese restaurants. 
I ate a delicious supper last evening.
It made me happy when I spoke to my friend.
The fact that we shipped our car out to our eldest daughter and she called to say she had received it and how happy she is to have it.
I checked my mturk balance and realized I'm close to a goal I have set for myself.
One of my cats came up to nuzzle my arm while I was making dinner. I was happy that he wanted me to pet him. 
My husband finished painting my bathroom.  It has been a mess for 2 weeks but last night he put on the last coat after he got home from work.  It made me so happy that it was finally a functional bathroom again.
Eating my favorite meal from a take out restaurant.
I got a positive result for a client at work.
I got to take a nap on the couch.
I participated in a group task and felt valued in it, as if my skills were needed and appreciated. 
My boyfriend told me he loved me. 
I picked up a new phone this afternoon with an Android operating system instead of the terrible Windows phone I have been using. 
My daughter said she may come down to spend a month with us this summer before her junior year in college.
While watering my lawn I could see that the new grass seed I laid down a few weeks ago was finally starting to push through the dirt.
i was working on a problem from the morning when i found the solution for the problem i was very happy there is no words to describe my feelings
My husband made dinner! There were left overs he makes the best scampi 
My boyfriend told me how proud he is of me.
I meditated this morning.
Visit to the dentist went very well. Dentist said I have no cavities or other oral issues. 
I completed upgrading the switches in our house so everything looks much better.
My children when I got them ready in the morning. My daughter said she wished I could go on the field trip with her. My husband is very frugal so he is unwilling to pay for me to tag along.
Some vegetables that I had planted had sprouted and I saw green poking through the soil this morning.
Cooked and ate a delicious steak. 
We played a game together earlier today and had a lot of fun doing so.
I figured out why something wasn't working on a project at work, that'd been bugging me. 
I drank a tasty green tea latte that I made.
The sun was out and it was warm.
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me aI donat know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this mucha
I gave my students an activity and they had fun with it. 
That first sip of coffee that I had this morning
The weather allowed me a smooth ride to work this morning after a grueling winter of terrible driving conditions.

Drove to work in record time.
"Feeling a Moment" is a song by Welsh rock band Feeder, from their 2005 album Pushing the Senses. It was released as the second single from the album, and reached #13 in the UK Singles Chart and #32 in Australia. At the end of 2005, it was voted 98th best song of the year by the readers of Q Magazine
Playing video games with my nephew
Finishing up work for the day made me quite happy yesterday.
I managed to hit a new personal record in squatting.
I talked to my dad and we talked about football for around an hour 
I managed to work on my web design project after putting it off for a while.
Getting MVP in a difficult online multiplayer game. 
In the last 24 hours I found that I will get a higher tax refund that I had previously anticipated this excites me because I can give money to my family and pay off my debts.
I went for a run with my dog in the morning. Felt pretty energized for work after it
I went to bed fairly early last night.  I needed the extra sleep and it made me feel good this morning.
I finally finished writing my article for work. 
I called my debt collection agency and they confirmed they received my payment.
It made me happy when someone that I haven't seen in a while complimented me and said that I looked really good even though I have been struggling with my body image ever since I had my baby 6 months ago. 
I got to watch my favorite tv show.
I went an entire day of work with no one from HQ sending us last minute insurance claims files and my boss didn't yell at me to work faster to meet deadlines. I had a boring happy day.
A tasty dinner yesterday.
I finally wrote to my congress and made a phone call to advise them to stop the Republicans from taking away the affordable healthcare act put in by Obama.
My dyslexic child reading her chapter book to me with out hesitation. 
My boyfriend brought my gym clothes to me so that I could go the the gym right after work. 
I ate a delicious chocolate fudge brownie.
I went grocery shopping and got some really good deals.  I spent $20 less than I had planned.  Bought some marked down ribeyes for $3/lb.
My boss was understanding when there was a problem at work.
Seeing my employee excel at her job.
I decided to splurge and get a Caffe Latte from Starbucks this morning, and I savored it.
I ate some of my favorite meals (including bourbon steak) for dinner.
Waking up to a new day
I was able to complete my first full workout since deciding to start earlier this month.
I was able to watch one of my favorite movies for once.
I finished the grout on the new counter top tile. 
My oldest son read a story to me and told me about it excitedly.
I got to go get some chinese food, I hadnt had any in a long time.
I caught up on a TV show that I really enjoy and look forward to watching.
My roommate bought me hersheys kisses
My Mom and Dad came in town and I had an enjoyable lunch with them.
I had a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for lunch. It reminded me of my childhood.
I made tacos for dinner . The tacos turned out well.  My daughter was here for dinner and she ate tacos with my husband and me.
Hanging out with my husband after dinner on the couch, quietly listening to music.
I did some stretching this morning and it helped out with my pain.
My wife brought me a huge, messy burger, and a chocolate milk shake, when she came back from her trip to the mall with her friend.
Spoke to my parents on the phone

I saw a friend end her last chemo treatment for breast cancer yesterday. 
My friend stopped by to cht and see me who I have not seen since last year. It was awesome to touch base again and have him back in town. 
I talked to my daughter over the phone.
I made a green light on the way to work. It's a light that is most often red and takes a while sitting there before I can go again. It was simple but made me happy.
Today I made it to work on time and got applauded by my boss.
I tried out a new recipe and it turned out really well.
When riding my bike. Some old person asked me for a lift to drop him some place.
Actually i were about to go on the other route. But without getting him know this, i drove him to his home place. I was happy.
I stepped outside without a jacket today.  The sun is shining and it finally feels a bit like spring!
I had a very tasty luch at one of my favorite places
I was able to get some sleep last night.
The sun finally coming out after days of rain.
I went to my girlfriend's dance class and saw how much she's advanced. She'll soon have her Salsa Dancer certificate.
I had excellent dinner
Seeing my puppy sleeping goofy. 
I brought in a card game to try playing with my client and he enjoyed it.
I started watching South of Nowhere again after I got home from the coffe shop. That show meant so much to me when I was younger. I remember watching it alone and never talking about it because I didnt want anyone to know I was watching a Lesbian themed show. Yes I was in the closet, but more then that I could not accept to myself who I as. Now that I do and people know i am gay, it makes me happy to revisit that show that meant so much.
I donated money to my daughter's school and she can have pizza with her teacher. This makes her seem really cool to all the other kids.
I finally got the hang of knitting, and completed an entire half vest
I went outside to play with my daughters and the weather was beautiful and we had a blast.
I had a great night of sleep after not sleeping well lately.
Sleeping in a little in my warm bed this morning.
I played with my daughter on the floor.
My wife cooked me a surprise dinner to take to work with me.
The meal i made this morning it tasted so good but i was also proud of myself for being able to do that.
I was able to get some writing done at work.
Me and the dog went for a long jog at the park.
After a rough night of sleep, this morning my cat snuggled next to me and lulled me to sleep with her purrs.
I got to see my niece today, she's adorable.
The workers at Chickfila (a fast food restaurant) are always so kind and happy. Their smiles are contagious!
I did the laundry, folded the laundry, and put away the laundry in order without needing a break to do other things in between each task.
I had lost 2 lbs when I stepped on the scale.
Going to spin class with my son and seeing how much fun he had made me so happy.
I went for a walk last night and found myself in a park. I saw a swing set and proceeded to swing. The weather was great and it was refreshing to play like a child.
An order I placed for two customers came in and they fit them perfect. Happiness and relief!
I sold something I didn't need anymore on Craigslist for 90 dollars.
I went to the gym and completed a two hour long workout.
I had a great conference call at work and my boss was pleased with the results.
Saw the last ep of Billions.
I had a good session at the gym. I was energetic afterwards.
I spoke on the telephone to my mum and she seemed happy having a good time with friends and managing well.
I interviewed for a position to work with my state representative, and it seems like I have a good shot at getting the job.
I picked up running again now that the winter weather has finally died down. I feel much better physically and emotionally because of it.
I won some money at the casino today.
Listening to a new song from one of my favorite bands made me happy. 
I got ice cream last night with my wife and son while on vacation in Florida. 
Yesterday was my favorite tv show, and I enjoyed watching it!
Yesterday I spoke with my mom on the phone, she told me the latest adventures of my youngest sister and we laughed for a while.
I exercised on my exercise bike.
My girlfriend wrote me an email that was very sweet. I'm still over the moon about it.
I ate tacos.
I walked my dog and he was licking me. 
Going for a long cycling ride and enjoying today's sunny weather.
My child ran up to me when I picked him up at daycare and squealed about how much he missed me. 
Holding my wife in bed made me happy.
My brother bought home pizza
I found some lime green chiffon fabric at a good price.
I had some ice cream after dinner.
I ate some pizza. I love pizza, so that made me pretty happy. I was also pretty happy the crust was nice and doughy and wasn't burnt. I'd still have been happy if the pizza didn't have doughy crust, but really the doughy crust added to the happiness.
I fixed the audio on the Dvd/VCR player. I was able to figure it out without asking a tech person.
I smoked some weed with my very close friends.
I was able to take a nice long walk after work to destress from my day.
Spending time on the couch with my girlfriend to watch a movie.
I ate a hearty breakfast of bacon, eggs, biscuits, and hash browns which left me completely sated.
Eating a delicious dinner
Last night I watched an episode of aThe Waltonsa with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks!
My fiance brought me ice cream
My answer going to sound pathetic because I can't even remember what made me happy or if I'm smiling or not in the last 24 hours, I'm such a sad rotten potato.
I went to a place to eat with my gf. We went to applebees and had a wonderful time together.
Watching a soap opera of a wrestler, Blue Demon.
I was able to find a rare vinyl record I had been looking for for a long time. 
i felt happy today when my favorite show came on and my roommates all watched it with me. 
The weather was pleasant yesterday. It was a beautiful sunny day but not too hot due to the nice breeze we had that day.
I woke up and was excited to get to work.
I met with the neighbors about a new security proposal in our block. 
I was able to take my dog to work with me
Parents were over to watch my daughter
getting more money 
I heard a funny joke on the Tonight show.
I took a long walk with my dog this morning in the beautiful Spring weather.
I was happy when I got to take a walk in this nice warm weather with my wife.
It made me happy that my dog was really happy with a new toy I bought him.
It was adapted into a stage musical in 2008, with film/theater actor Oh Man-seok debuting as director. Oh was also the lyricist and polished the script. The story centers around two guys who are crazy about music. One is a high school music teacher, Beom-jin, who has broken up with his girlfriend and now eats sadly alone in front of his mirror out of habit. Another is the younger Sae-ki, whose mother left and whose father died in a sudden accident, leaving him an orphan. In this rather dull world, the only thing that makes these two feel alive is music, offering them their "happy life". Yoo Jun-sang and Im Choon-gil alternated as Beom-jin, and Kim Mu-yeol and Ryan alternated as Sae-ki.
I went to the gym for the first time in 6 months.
I ate a juicy piece of pizza. I have not had pizza in a long time. This made me so happy.
My most annoying co-workers are away at a conference and the office has been really peaceful. 
I took a walk at lunch with a friend and played pokemon go
I Had fun playing an older video game
My daughter phoned me to let me know she got 90% on a physics test she had been worried about. 
My country own the match finally.
playing with my dog
Making some extra side income on Mturk.com
I finished all of my work by the end of the day.
I won $20 on a fanduel nba fantasy basketball tournament lineup contest.
I went home yesterday early my husband was gone I was so happy to finally get soem free time to my self , it felt like it was a really great day that was going to last for a while 
Being greeted by "Monday" the local cat when I was sad last night looking at the stars.
Made slime and have been having fun with it for hours
When I played with my daughter
happy moment is i got a call saying i got a job and i need to do paperwork.
My son's teacher pulled me aside to tell me that his behavior had been excellent lately.
My dad thanked me for helping him fix a water fountain in our backyard.
When I ate at the restaurant
I worked out first thing this morning.
A shirt that I had ordered online finally came in.
Being able to buy a pair of boots for myself.
When school ended and so I could finally go home.
I won a 100 dollar shopping spree at my local grocery store.
I exceeded my quota for the day at work.
I went on a nice bike ride at midnight.
I watched two hummingbirds go to the new feeder I put up.
I was really happy when my girlfriend got into the top engineering program in the nation. I baked her a cake and took her out to dinner.
I got to attend a work conference with work friends.
I grabbed a $20 HIT on Mechanical Turk.
I made some really great progress with my puppy on training.
Watching youtube videos of my favorite late shows that I haven't been able to watch for a while
My 5 year old and I had a nice conversation about what he thought about heaven and dying and how much he loved his family. 

My 2 year old daughter and I played together in her room. 

I ordered pizza, and the rare treat tasted delicious.
I got a bonus payment on a job from a happy client.
I left work earlier than expected this morning thanks to my supervisor.
I ran quite a long distance with good weather.
I had my favorite food, a cheesesteak, for lunch.
Went to my favorite spot for lunch today. 
Ate dinner with my family, at the table together.
Playing The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild on my new Nintendo Switch system.
I saw a huge toad or frog in my backyard. 
I was happy to see my niece when I got home from work.
I got to play some videogames with my best friend and we had a great time.
My advisor thinks I'm making good progress with my thesis.
Amazon was able to refund a product that I thought I was going to be stuck paying for.
My husband told me I didn't have to cook. He is getting food on the way home from work.
Everyone in the family enjoyed the dinner I made.  They all thanked me.
I got to eat some very delicious chocolate chip cookie dough.
I played Thomas the Train with my daughter for an hour.
I straightened up the entryway and it looks much better. 
It made me happy to eat chic-a-fila for lunch because it is my favorite restaurant. 
I watched an episode of the Simpsons last night while eating dinner.
I managed to successfully code a part of a web site without messing it up!
I called up a friend who I owe money to and she said that it is okay if I repaid her at later date.
A feral cat had kittens on my front porch. There is 4 kittens 3 orange and 1 black. now all the neighbors are coming by and looking at the kittens.
I checked a lotto ticket today and found that I won $2.00.
I got to sleep in since I didn't have work and enjoy my day by myself. 
I made some watermelon-flavored jello and was reminded of my love for watermelon Jolly Ranchers.
I received my media credentials for an important event in the mail
That my wife was able to get out of work early and enjoy some alone time.
I was happy to see my grown son in church.
Buying a new mobile phone.
got paid in work today.
Found out that my cousins bought a new home near me. 
i ate a great lunch today
I got an unexpected day off work.
I got an offer for my dream job position .
My child brought home her grade 2 report card.  I saw that she has been making a strong effort in class and across the board.
I just cooked up a couple really tasty burgers and with the new spicy mustard saw I bought, they were perfect! 
I made a delicious breakfast.
I went to my sisters and she was feeling well today and not sick she is doing chemo.
I saw my favorite bird fly over my home this morning.

I received a post card yesterday from my daughter who was in Alaska for a week.
I spent some quality time with some coworkers I really like. 
I was happy when the person I like texted me. 
I worked on my sculptures and they turned out so well.
This morning, I looked at all of the positive comments on a web-comic series that I created. I was happy because people enjoyed what I had most recently made. 
My professor told me that he was impressed that I do all the optional assignments and that I'm the only one that does them.
My son is learning how to give kisses on the cheek. He gave me one yesterday.
I woke up early this morning on time to do yoga and actually did it.
I came home from work and got much needed rest.
I took my wife's family out for my wife's birthday.
I had a rough weekend, especially Sunday, so I was actually quite happy and relieved when it was over.
The team I coach won its match today.
I went to the grocery store and got all the groceries I need for a week.
I had a stress free day at work today.
I did really well on my test.
That coffee was already made when I woke up early.
I was able to wake up at 5:00 this morning and complete my laundry before I went to class.
The puppy got all excited to see me when i came home for the first time
I figured out a solution to a problem that I was working on at work and saved myself quite a bit of time.
I finally finished cleaning my basement. Now I can cross it off of my to do list.
Going out for dinner and a movie with my girlfriend.
I did rather well in reaching my recent sales goal.
My questionable stock has turned a good profit, and seems to keep rising. 
I ate a very delicious rum cake.
Not having to work made me happy. 
It started raining after having such hot weather for a while. It was soothing. 
I saw my boyfriend again after being apart for a month.
After a long wait, my Amazon Payments account was finally verified. 
I passed my exam for my online class.
My sister made us amazing dinner!
My girlfriend invited me to go out to a musical with her parents.
My boyfriend has been really supportive and loving lately and has shown me a lot of affirmation.
I got to do my wake-up routine without being interrupted or rushed.
I received an email telling me that I won a $125 consolation prize in a business naming contest I entered on Naming Force. The client did not choose a name in time and the name I had submitted was voted as one of the top two choices by other voters. As a result, I get half of the $250 prize.
I tried out the ribs I had made the day before and they were great.
I made an incredible dinner last night and today during lunch I had leftovers and it tasted even better than before. It made me so happy.
I made a tasty breakfast
I finished I book that I've been meaning to read for ages.
MY LOVE SUCCESS
THEN I MEET MY PARTNER
MY BUSINESS WAS VERY SUCCESS
MY LOVER BIRTHDAY
CELEBRATION IN PARTY

 
I WAS HAPPY TO HEAR THAT A FRIEND OF MINE HAD A HEALTHY BABY.
I was able to sleep in today because I do not have to go to work. This was my first day off in 8 days.
I was happy when my mom made spaghetti. It was delicious. 
I was told that my older brother is getting married in a few months.
I went to the dog park with my friend. It was nice seeing a bunch of other dogs that a\are so friendly run up to you and just giving you love. 
I got to sleep in
I was talking to my future roommate and she kept making funny jokes.
We are supposed to get a foot or two of snow tonight and we could really use it, very dry here.
I went to a meditation class with my friend.
Easy commute to work
Watching a movie and eating leftover chinese food. It was complete bliss.
I talked to my Mom and she had received a good doctor's report on her blood work.
I remembered that I am proposing to my girlfriend this Saturday. I am really looking forward to seeing her as my fiancee.
I played hide and seek with my cat, his and my favorite interactive game. He makes me laugh.
I got to play a new computer game.
I had an amazing dream this morning.
I smoked a good cigar.
I met my goal of going to the gym twice this week.
I made a new smoothie mix for my snack before bedtime.
I did yoga with my family and felt totally relaxed.
I saw a video of an adorable little girl who thought a water heater was a robot. 
I found a great sale on onions.
One of my students thanked me for helping her with a project.
My son is only one so it put a smile on my face today when he tried to say some words.
Going for a run at the gym.
I talked to a student who is very encouraging.
I made sauerkraut for the first time ever.
My boss cancelled a meeting this morning.
Was given a bag of bacon bits, which was purchased at Costco.  Wasn't sure how good it would be, but tried it as a pizza topping.  It exceeded all expectations.
Seeing my friend's beautiful girlfriend.
Making lots of money on Turk in the past 24 hours is making me happy.
My oldest son willingly went and pulled in more firewood.  He gave no argument, just did the task.  That never happens.  
My fiancee took my car to the shop to get it fixed for me while I was at work.
When I finally got to bed last night I was so tired
I went to lunch today with a close friend and we had a great time.
I completed a goal that I set for myself at the gym and it pumped me up for tomorrow. 
Buying a new non stick skillet for myself.
I ate delicious rice pudding
I had a great meal of fried cod and french fries that was delicious.
I got to sleep in for a long time yesterday, and slept for about 12 hours, which made my day feel brighter and more relaxed.
I made my infant daughter squeal with joy when I played with her
Completed a project at work.
A nap
Playing with my dogs in my backyard made me happy.
I'm finally getting back into my healthy eating plan and today I found out I lost a pound.
My dog behaved when confronted by another dog on our daily walk.
Having sex with my wife made me extremely happy last night.
Holding our grand daughter for about 15 minutes and giving her love & kisses.
I received a check in the mail from a freelance job that I completely forgot about, so it was a nice surprise.
I finished a project at work all by myself.
I finally completed 45 minutes on the stairmaster
It felt good to hit the gym and then come home and notice that I'd been making results.
I had lunch at Red Robin with my coworker today. 
I got to sleep in for two straight  because I completed a long weekend of work and finally feeling better. 
The dog which barks at me when I was new to the place wags its tail and accompanied till this road end after eating my bun.
I had a phone call with a client at work who committed almost $200K in business this year.
My friend and I took a long walk.
I found out yesterday that my supervisor is away for the week on training.
I made a big dinner tonight and my partner was very grateful and appreciative of the effort.
I fixed my car.
I was able to make more money yesterday than I usually do in a day.
my girlfriend baked me cookies
Yessica got an 80% on her math test today.  It was her highest grade all year.
I sat outside and listened to the birds.
I got my test grade back from my statistics class and I got an A
I noticed I lost some weight when I stepped on the scale. I haven't been eating great, but have been exercising, which is helping.
My girlfriend treated me out to ice cream when I was feeling down and cheered me up with a nice conversation.
I saw a beautiful sunset with double rainbows
Having sex with my wife 
I listened to really good music. 
I saw that there was a new episode of Mindy Project and I was excited to watch it.
I got my favorite ice cream from the ice cream parlor
I received a new video game in the mail that I have been waiting months to receive.
Having a time with my kids.
I watched my favorite eSports team dismantle the enemy with ease.
I managed to modify my bike gears, which were giving me trouble, and finally got them to shift (almost) perfectly.
I was given the rest of the week off from work WITH pay.
see my father and my mother when they came from travel 
I visited my doctor to get the test results from a biopsy;  I was concerned that it would be cancerous, but it was benign.
My close friend got their work accepted that I helped work on to a large art website.
I talked on the phone with my brother for a good long while. We live far away from each other so it's always nice to make time to catch up.
I got to watch TV with my wife after a very busy week of her working nights. 
I was happy when I got to come home to my new finance.
The weather was perfect and I took a nice long stroll with my dog.
My 2 year old said "love" for the first time and he said it towards me and followed it up with a kiss.
I was able to go home a little earlier today.
Thinking about my young grandchildren after looking at their pictures today, and how they all look and act just like their Dad, making me very happy and proud.  
my brother son birthday
I have received good feedback from a potential job opportunity. 
I cleaned my apartment and had a lot of time to myself
I ate some great leftover pepperoni pizza I found in the fridge for lunch.
I made it to work on time.
Today is my Friday so I get to relax now.
A moment that made me happy was sitting down, eating and relaxing
I was able to have fresh air when I was stuck indoors for a long time. 
I watched videos of Disney World on YouTube when I got home from work.
I got some donuts from this local bakery and they are out of this world!
my girlfriend surprised me at work with a gift.
I am happy that I stuck to my diet that I started yesterday without cheating at all.
My hair wasn't a complete mess and looked good, which slightly boosted my confidence.
I enjoyed the thunderstorm we had today, we haven't had rain in a while and I really enjoy the sound and it helps me sleep.
I successfully resisted the temptation to eat a high fat, high sugar cinnamon roll for breakfast.
I had a great batch of ginger snap cookies, I still have a bunch left. They have the perfect balance.
I received a freelance project that pays pretty well.
I made and baked chocolate chip cookies.
I played a video game.
I was able to turn in the forbearance form for my student loans.
My boss told me I did an exceptional job. 
The dinner she made was amazing. It was my favorite meal, Pork steaks and broccoli. It was very delicious and I got to enjoy every bit of it.
I got a good grade on my midterm.
My daughter got accepted to the college she really wants to attend.
Riding 4 wheelers. 
I was able to spend time working on some crafts.
I got a call from my friend in texas that I haven't heard from in months
Earning enough money to be able to live my life.
I got to enjoy my morning run with my wife.
I was lying in bed listening to the sounds of the city around me on a warmer day.
I enjoyed the great meal and drinks on my flight.
I decided to play a video game with a friend online; I had a lot of fun and that made me really happy.
The rain on the asphalt smelled good.
I snuggled in bed with my daughter last night. She looked at me and said "I love you."
I caught an extremely rare pokemon in the new pokemon game which is awesome. 
I was really happy walking my dog in the park.
I was happy when my wife woke up feeling better.
Another thing that made me happy on the past 24 hours was when I was able to make a fast food worker smile by telling them a joke.
Had fun with friends
I ate my favorite pizza in my room at lunch
Watching the storms we had yesterday.  The lightning was incredible!
I watched a TV show I like a lot.
Bought a few pounds of crab legs and cooked them for lunch.
My son got himself ready for school without my help.
As I was walking to retrieve the mail I saw a neighbor walking their adorable dog. 
I discovered a package of cookies in the freezer that I had forgotten about.
I went on a walk through the park and it made me feel happy.
I went to dinner with some friends, after a meeting.
I went to the gym with a friend of mine who I hadn't seen in a long time.
My granddaughter came over for a visit.  I was so happy to see her and we enjoyed each others company.
I finally felt like I had recovered from the illness I was suffering through last week.
Being able to make a nice amount of money on amazon today.
I finished a good book 
I was able to go to the gym.
I finally was able to fall asleep in a public place and take a nap.
I tried scalping a stock in the stock market during the day and it ended up making me a decent amount of money.
I got the kitchen cleaned before bedtime.
I chatted with my friends on email.
I received a 10 dollar off coupon in my email for newegg.com
I gained a summer research opportunity within my major, and it involves working with people who I can use later as contacts!
I watched a few hours of funny Youtube videos.
Going to bed knowing that all of the household chores were complete for the next day.
I had steak for the first time in months.
Performing well at an online game and helping my team win.
I began reading a new book I picked up at the library yesterday. 
I went out for Chinese food with my coworkers.
I got a new apartment yesterday.
When my son said he loved me, he does not say it as much as I think he should.
I am planning another trip upcoming in August. This one is a week-long trip in Colorado. Planning makes me so excited. I love seeing everything coming together and falling into place. I will probably continue to be happy about this randomly up to the point of the actual trip.
I felt very happy when one of my other friends was having good success with a new book that he launched for sale and it had reached number 60 on the amazon kindle best sellers list.
I found a good deal shopping.
When I realized that I didnt have to go to work today
Walking outside exercising
I went to the doctor and was able to inform him that the treatment he provided was working. He provided me with a prescription for more.
I talked to my partner on the phone about his recent performance in a race (he did well). 
I finished Start Trek Deep Space Nine.
I woke up to all my dogs cuddling me on the bed.
I made more money than I expected to yesterday on Mturk.
I wrote an excellent blog post that I was proud of.
The man who stole my truck last week was found and arrested this morning and I was able to get my vehicle back. 
I went to a cinema which is one of my favorite
Finding out that my wife has not an illness that we had suspected.
I was happy when I had sex with my girlfriend.
I finished a hard exercise routine without passing out.
I made the decision to put myself first in my life and I will no longer try to please others before myself.
I finished my work for the day and logged out of the application I use for work every day. 
When I beat a hard level in a video game, I've been struggle with it for hours but the feeling I got when I beat it was amazing.
My husband gave me a kiss this morning. 
I was joking with my wife about something the democrats did that was very silly.
I took a long bubble bath.
I went to the gym and rowed.
I ate dinner with my favorite person.
I got a 72 dollar bonus in my bank account
Eating a pizza
My co-worker bought coffee for the entire office.
My dog licked my face and it made me feel good
I made good money yesterday and today at work.
I enjoyed making a delicious, healthy green pea soup with carrots and potatoes and then eating it. 
I got an invite to a friend's wedding in the mail. 
My son took out the trash without being asked.
Going to dinner with my son just the two of us
Spending time with my dogs outside made me happy. I love watching them play and having fun
Work was very busy so I am making a lot of money.
I saw an adorable kid on the TV.
I was happy when my new recipe came out very good.
I weighed myself this morning and I've lost 2lbs since my last weigh-in.
I ate McDonald's for breakfast.
The weather was really nice yesterday  and it was enjoyable to be outside.
I watched a couple episodes of one of my favorite comedy shows.
I took my dog for a walk, and he was happy.
These lemon donuts I bought from Publix.
I went for a run in the perfect weather. Hearing the sounds of nature around me made me really happy. 
I was able to save a customer of mine over 1000 dollars in insurance premiums.
I was happy to work out yesterday afternoon after a two-week hiatus.
I'm about to go home from work.
I got some alone time with my husband this morning, which is not something that we get a lot. 
I have enough leftovers that i dont have to cook dinner tonight
I was able to enjoy a nice pleasant dinner with my family last night at the olive garden.
My favorite show came back on netflix
I started having pregnancy symptoms.
Getting a hug from my daughter this morning before breakfast.
I did not have to go to work today.
When I got done with all the work i wanted to get done outside, and my son was still sleeping so i could sit and relax for a little.
I made a turkey dinner.
I met my goal on mturk and now have enough money to go on a big camping/adventure trip I've been saving up for. It'll happen in May
The money still It's my first time to have a bonus from the company ever since.
I reminisced about our college days with a co-worker this afternoon. 
I met a close friend for coffee. 
I went running
I made a breakthrough on a project im working on.
Accomplishing a week long task at my job today.
Playing with the dog in the yard - the weather was beautiful yesterday.
I enjoyed watching my daughter play the flute in her school concert.
My cat cuddled with me when I went to sleep. 
I was happy this mourning because i woke up about 2 hours early that usual and got a good start on the day and was able to do some Mturk. it put me in a good mood until lunch
I also took the rest of my guns to the range to and had fun shooting all of them.
This morning I completed a piece of embroidery I have been working on, and I am quite pleased with it.
I had a nice long conversation with my parents about how they are doing.
I got better sleep.
I got my paycheck and it was larger than normal.
seeing and talking to my great uncle as i drove through town 
I played with my cat throughout the day.
I got to watch 2 nba basketball games after dinner and actually relaxed. 
I watched a movie I really enjoyed.
It made me happy when I ate dinner.
I had a nice quiet dinner with my husband and we just talked about life and being together.
I listened to a new song that I really liked.
I made progress on a craft project I've been working on. It's turning out really well. 
When my kids were going to bed they both gave me a kiss and a hug and told me that they loved me.  They are teens now so I hope it will last.
I was happy having a slow day at work with not much stress.
I made future plans to hang out with friends for the weekend. 
The weather was great outside. 
I treated myself to a second delicious cup of coffee in the afternoon. 
I motivated myself to workout for the first time in awhile. 
I found a yogurt in the refrigerator and I had thought I was all out. 
My youngest son is doing well in kindergarten.
I got my sons report card from his teacher and saw that he got all A's.
i was working on a problem from the morning when i found the solution for the problem i was very happy there is no words to describe my feelings
my puppy loves to snuggle. 
I ate my breakfast on my back porch. I loved the warm sun.
I turned the water cold at the end of my shower.
Met my niece for a quick lunch at her favorite Italian restaurant. 
I finally paid off one of my major debts.
My mother and law she cooked the kids dinner. She talked to me when I fought with my husband late yesterday evening. I was worried I was going to go to hell for disowning my insane parents. They are both bipolar.
I stopped by my parents house and my Mom had just made a peach pie.
My boyfriend came home from work early so we got to spend more time together. 
I went out to lunch with my boyfriend and we sat outside while we ate and enjoyed our food together.
I was linked this hilarious video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptKgRecPi1I
I looked at pictures of my unborn baby's ultrasound.
I fixed a recurring issue with my car.
I got a book in the mail I've been expecting, and am excited to read.
Catching up with an old friend over facebook
My study hall students were cooperative and productive.
Made a new lunch for work.
The song was used in ITV's Dancing On Ice
Used in a tribute to Luc Bourdon by the Manitoba Moose before a game against the Hamilton Bulldogs.
The BBC TV show Waterloo Road uses the track many times during the series

Talking to my brother on Facetime
I had a treat that I was especially looking forward to.
I got a 98% on a midterm paper for one of my major specific courses. 
I got to eat some great food from my mom that I hadn't had in awhile
I did not have many problems falling asleep last night.
Making my daughter laugh out loud
In the past 24 hours I received a refund from amazon.com for an order that had not been delivered to me on time.
I came home after work and my wife had a made lovely lunch with I enjoyed so much, it was my favorite dish.
I made myself a tasty dinner last night.
I got a great discount when I shopped online. 
I got a call from my brother to make plans for the coming weekend.
It made me happy when I saw my 2 year old daughter go to comfort and talk to and give toys to my 6 month old daughter when she was crying.
I was able to leave work early.
I went out for chinese food at lunch and didn't realize that I had 8 prior stars and this lunch would be free. 
Getting away from work.
In my free time on Monday Night I went online and started doing some paid research survey. I have been too lazy to do them but since I am always online I decided to get paid while searching the internet.
Knowing that I was able to help one of my employees with advice on a situation they are currently facing. 
I finalized some plans for a trip to Ireland this week. 
I listened to the latest album from a favorite musician, Kristin Hersh.
My son called just to say hi.  Hadn't heard from him since my birthday.  Got filled in on all of his and his family's news.
It rained really hard today while I worked from home indoors. It was cozy.
Playing with my dogs outside yesterday.
I opened my lunch bag and remember that I had packed leftover gourmet pizza for myself.
I bench pressed 225 lbs. finally in the gym (I hit my new max PR).
Seeing how much money I made last week
While leaving the store, I gave some food to a homeless man and he thanked me.
I got to lay around with my puppies while i'm sick.
I looked at the forcast for this weekend and the weather is going to be wonderful
My fiance called me in the middle of the day to remind me that he loves me.
A new song from one of my favorite artists got released
I got a really good night's sleep and was able to sleep in this morning. I felt like I needed it.
I made progress in Nier Automata. 
At dinner, my family and I were all laughing at the silly song my daughter made up.
I reconnected with an old girlfriend. It looks like we may rekindle our relationship. 
I saw dinner in my yard.  There were 6 in the yard and laying on the grass like dogs do when they curl up on a carpet.  The scene was quiet and serene.  
Walking outside to the grocery store. It was raining a little but the temperature was very mild and it really felt like spring. And then I saw that the magnolia a few doors down the street is about to bloom!
I woke up early and should have a better schedule from now on. 
Having the day off from work so I can play my favorite games, play with my daughter, watch Youtube, and generally just decompress.
Had a delicious lunch
I got to read a book all alone yesterday in a quiet house without interruptions. 
I woke up to a foot of snow and it was not in the forecast. It looks so pretty outside and so tranquil. 
I watched my favorite TV show.
I remembered that I am taking off thursday and friday to have a long weekend filled with no plans, no commitments, no anything!
I got to eat food after I had been hungry all day.
My run went well this morning. I had a good time and I saw deer in the park.
When i ware upset last night, my mom convey me some words through online video chat. Listening to my mom's word on phone call was the best enlightenment to me i have received in last few months.
I received a card in the mail from my parents a few days early for my birthday.
I took some medication that relieved soem pain.
I more money than usual on mturk yesterday.
Finding a note that my husband wrote, reminding himself that he has a beautiful family, and to be grateful for them.
I had lunch with my bests friends, which is somenthing we did regularly a while back, but is very rare at the moment. It was great.
I went out for a long walk
Seeing the Mavericks lose so that they can maybe get a better draft pick
I was able to take my cat out for a walk while the sky was clear.
When I woke up in the yesterday I got the news I was about to me in a wedding of one of my closet friends. She asked to be a brides maid in a wedding thats going to be in London.
I was able to do some shopping with the help of husband.
I played with my new kitten, we have only had him for 3 weeks!
I completely conquered the laundry. There are no more dirty clothes in my house.
I got my paycheck.
Deciding I'm going to attend a meet-up for the podcasts I routinely listen to.
I went for a run around the block.
I bought my son a gift from the MTA store and left it on his bed so when he got home from school. He texted me a little while ago and told me he loved it.
Making progress on a work project i have had some delays on getting done i feel good about at last going forward.
I finished some errands that I have been working on all day.
Playing with my granddaughter at the park
On my walk back from the post office this afternoon, I stopped under my favorite magnolia tree and soaked in her beauty as she starts to bloom.
I was able to do a few dollar hits on amazon mturk. I don't have a lot of money and it's always nice when I can find a few like that.
We watched inspirational videos from the Ellen Degeneres show to open class. It made me happy to see so many passionate people that are helping the world be a better place. 
My husband brought home some cookies & cream ice cream, something that I have not eaten in months. It was delicious. 
I was able to fit into my old skinny jeans.
I bought some clothes today that made me feel good.
I was accepted for a higher paying study on mechanical turk. I need the money and I was thrilled that I could earn the extra money in this way.
I ordered a product for a client hoping they would like it. They loved it.
I ate chipotle and it was really good!
I ate a delicious and healthy smoothie.
I got to talk to one of my best friends on the phone for about 15 minutes. He lives far away so it was a great catch-up!
Learned to cook a new dish.
I got all of my dirty laundry washed and folded.
I found some flights at reasonable prices to go and visit my family.
I finished a homework assignment twice as fast as I was expecting.
I watched youtube videos all night with my girlfriend while we laid in bed.
I visited one of my grand babies earlier.
Sitting outside in the sun made me feel happy.
My son told me he is having the best time while we were at the beach this morning in Florida. 
Today there was a thunderstorm, and I love thunderstorms, especially when I do not have to drive in them!
The day was sunny and I went for a walk.  The sky was bright blue and there was a light warm breeze moving the tree branches and touching my face.  
I woke up next to my fiance.
I reached my sales goals at work for the day. I feel really proud of my diligent efforts.
I saw a pretty woman.
I ate a lot of food that I made.
Baking macaroons with my little brother and sister.
My husband packed a surprise love note in my lunchbox. 
Taking a walk around the neighborhood made me happy. 
I made a cool song on my computer
I had my time to myself since my niece left yesterday from staying with us. 
I got some good work in on MTurk
I got a notification that I don't have to go to jury duty next week. The court has enough people, so my service was cancelled. Very psyched about that.
I was happy that I lost over one pound. I cheated some but still lost weight.
I called my mother and had a very nice conversation.
Spending time and playing with my dogs out at the park.
I watched an episode of One Punch Man on Netflix which is a show I've been wanting to watch for a long time.
Figuring out a difficult problem at work
A friend of mine was on the verge of crying. She just threw herself at me, clutched at my clothes, and sighed with some relief as I held her tightly. I was overwhelmed she found comfort in my embrace.
I was productive at work.
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me aI donat know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this mucha
I got a lot of my work assignments done at work. It really saved me through a lot of stress that I had been having.
Eating a BBQ pizza from Little Ceasars.
I got a Starbucks reward free drink and used it to get a Vanilla Latte.
i felt happy today when i got caught up on my work so i had some free time to myself. 
I enjoyed watching the sunset from my apartment. I live near the sea and I often watch the sunset over the ocean from my apartment. 
I had some free lunch
I had lunch with a old high school friend. 
My girlfriend sent me a cute text message
seeing the comments wishing my wife a happy birthday
i went to the gym 
Found a new house listed for sale that is both attractive and in my price range.
I cleaned out the messy closet today and it looks great.
I was happy when I got to watch TV with my cat after a long day last night.
I got a great deal on a camera I really wanted on ebay.
i am very happy in watching movie and playing games
I got my check from the insurance company to fix my damaged car.
I bought a fitbit. This made me happy so I can now lose weight.
I made plans to meet up with a friend tonight that I don't see very often. 
My DnD group actually roleplayed instead of just plowing through plot to the next battle. 
Watched a good Stream on Twitch and had some laughs. 
I booked a trip to go to New York with two of my close friends. 
I am a chain-smoker but in last 24 hours i didn't take a single one.
playing a game of Magic with my daughter
Getting some weed from my dealer because I was out!
I got my favorite ice cream cone.
I finally asked my co-worker Tearja the server/cashier there for her cell phone number and she gave it to me.
I received a call from my brother , he is cancer free , the long waited news we had been hoping for had finally came though, it was great I was so excited about this 
Working the bugs out of my NES Classic and getting my library to work.
I was happy when I bought my tickets to watch beauty and the beast
Discovered some really chill music on youtube, and have been listening to it all day
When I ate my favorite dessert
friend calling me on the phone to tell me we should go out tomorrow and have lunch... great i have not seen her in 3 months
My income tax return was deposited into my bank account this morning.
I got the day off from work.
When I slept late.
I watched a really good movie last night.
An old friend who moved away called me and told me he was coming home to visit.
Buying my family lunch because I knew they were hungry.
When the phone that rang in class turned out not to be mine. 
I finished cleaning my house and when I looked around it was spotless.
I went without eating any chocolate, which is a big deal for me being a chocolate-lover trying to cut down on it.
An item I had been wanting to order went on sale.
I started a new diet and was able to control my urge to eat chocolate so far.
I finished washing my car and making it glossy. It looks fantastic now.
I got free coffee cake for breakfast.
My friend sent me pictures of his cat.
I ordered some training supplies for my animals.
My husband answered the phone cheerfully this morning when I called and we had a nice conversation planning the rest of our day.
My wife and I shared a pleasant conversation about the future. 
My favorite show was on last night, and I had plenty of things to laugh about with people in the forum that I go to to talk about the show.
A filmmaker I'm working with was pleased with the script I wrote him.
I bought some limited edition Oreos at the store today.
I met an interesting person at the library and had a funny conversation with him
I learned that my favorite football team signed a good player. 
completed all the reservations for my summer vacation. 
I woke up and made a fresh pot of coffee, with beans I got from a local brewery
Taking a seat after hours of sorting files, and having nothing significant to do for an hour at work.
My daughter made me a beautiful painting with her poop.
I was happy to have free lunch catered for work today.
I received a package of some things I ordered online. I enjoy shopping and receiving packages.
My bathtub was draining slowly yesterday. I submitted a work order, and maintenance workers fixed it today. I was happy that it was fixed so quickly.
There were two frozen waffles in the freezer when I had thought I had already eaten the last ones.
I got a call that they found nothing wrong with some blood work I had recently had done.
My daughter told me she loved me.  Then she gave me a big hug.
My son and I made lunch together as an activity for his school spring break.
I made plans with my brother to get together this weekend to watch the Final Four.  My nephew could win $700, because he has Gonzaga beating Oregon in the championship game.
I tried a new recipe for supper and everyone enjoyed it. 
It made me happy to finally get home after 8 hours of college classes. 
Laying down in my bed to go to sleep after a long day.
I woke up to the sound of birds singing outside my window this morning. 
My friend and I cooked some delicious food, and ate it while we enjoyed an action movie.
My dog got out last night. ashe ran down our walkway, but then she stopped and came back to me, she loves me. 
I took my dogs to the dog park this morning. I met a friend there that I hadn't seen in months. We caught up on what each other has been doing. It was great to see and talk to her again.
I went to play basketball by myself and reflect on life. It was really nice.
I did well in a videogame I played after struggling for several hours.
I went grocery shopping last night and was able to save a lot of money using coupons and not buying junk food.
That I made it to work safely. There was a lot of snow and ice on the roads.
I was happy to baby my cats.
Talking with my dad.
i buy new shoes today.
Found out that my dad's flight safely landed in Boston and he has entered the hotel.
i drank a great coffee today
My husband surprised me by finishing the laundry.
I enjoyed dinner with my family in my backyard.

I discovered that our extremely nervous and shy cat has been cuddling with my child at night when no one can see her.
I sent a message to a requester on this site that his pictures weren't loading and he replied within 5 minutes and thanked me profusely. 
I received a gift card from my mother.
I saw my favorite bird fly over my home this morning.

This morning my boss applauded how prepared I am for inventory on Friday.
I listened to a really nice podcast on the Gospel readings from this past Sunday. 
I was happy because my skin looks better than it did last night. 
I took a short trip to the park with my dog and my girlfriend. We really had a fun time.
I enjoyed watching a funny YouTube video with my family. 
I have my evening free since I didn't have to go to one of my jobs or go to a club meeting that I normally have every week.
I got to get dressed up and go out to a all-girl's night dinner last night sans babies/kids. It felt really good to wear make up, a cute outfit, and my favorite jewelry. 
I received the drafts back on a grant proposal I am working on from my advisor in less than a day so I could re-edit them.
I came into to work to find out im off for the next week.
My child told me that she loved me.
I had a good day at work as far as production goes and I finally left the office today in a cheerful mood.
I got to spend quality time with my wife this afternoon.
I found the book that I've been wanting to read online for free.
I came home to a clean house that my husband cleaned for me.
Someone complimented me on my hair!
That the dogs were already taken outside to potty so I didn't have to go out in the cold to do it myself.
I realized that my songs transferred from ITunes onto my phone even though I forgot that I synced my phone.
I got my bff to stop yelling at me all the time because her boyfriend is a dick
I made myself pizza for dinner and sampled some home brewed beer.
I weighed myself this morning and finally lost that last five pounds I wanted to lose.
Getting home and playing video games online with my girlfriend and friends.
My small daughter slept all through the night last night.
My tougher students stepped up and helped move a bunch of equipment, then put away all of their instruments at the end of class. 
I enjoyed watching a pretty sunset from my window.
What made me happy was finally having time to watch my show. 
I continued some progress in a video game I've been playing. I had a lot of difficulty with it and I feel accomplished. 
I had a good breakfast at a local deli.
I found out that certain college credits I assumed that I had to complete next semester will not be necessary. 
Someone complimented my hair and said it looks really nice.
I got to spend time with my family 
I finally started back into my lifting routine after I took a month off. 6 days a week now and feel so great to stay healthy.
I got Chinese food for lunch this afternoon as a treat for working through a ten hour day.
I'm finding hits on MTurk so that I can make some money.
I found one of my cat's favorite toys tucked behind the couch. He was super excited to play with it since it has been missing for awhile. We played for about 15 minutes.
I started thinking about more things that I will do on my vacation in 2 weeks.
I went for a massive work out and got really sweaty and felt all used up at the end of it, and it made me feel so happy to feel so energetic.
I had more medication than I thought
I made burritos at home for dinner for the very first time.
I GOT ENGAGEMENT
MY LIFE PARTNER IN MY FAVORITE GIFT  GIVE THEM
MY FAMILY GOING TO TEMPLE
POOJA CELEBRATING 
MY MARRIAGE
 DATE WAS FIXED  
I HAVE LOT OF HAPPY MOMENT 
I WAS VERY HAPPY THAT I WAS SENT AN EMAIL SAYING THAT MY AMAZON ACCOUNT HAS BEEN FIXED. 
I was able to poop without problems the past week. I've had issues with constipation so being able to freely go to the bathroom is very fortunate.
I was happy when I won on my favorite video game. It's a stress reliever for me. 
 I felt a strong spiritual presence that made me feel peaceful.
I went rock climbing with my brother, it was fun but it was very tiring but you feel like a badass when you're climbing so high.
I finished a presentation
When I got home, I had a cup of coffee and ate my favorite burritos to relax.
Was able to get the rest of the roof off of a dilapidated shed. It had been causing me problems for a few days now.
My friend made a really funny joke and we laughed for at least half an hour.
Wife made a good dinner.
Getting told by an employee that I was their favorite manager and would be the next person to get promoted.
I ran on the treadmill for an entire hour and didn't feel winded or overly exhausted.
I had a funny conversation with one of my distant friends. It was good to reconnect over text.
I played a board game with my husband at home, it was a funny game - Exploding Kittens.
I listened to music I liked.
I got a nice haircut this afternoon, and have been loving my new look since.
The episode of "Bates Motel"has a surprising twist on the classic story.
My friend sent me a book because he thought I would like it.
I enjoyed the sunlight on my drive home from work.
I finally sat down at my computer to make some money. The hardest part is starting, so I felt great.
I felt unusual gratification in my job. 
I watched a movie that was really good.
I came home from work and my two cats were waiting for me by the door to welcome me home.
I actually had time today to do a workout for 30 minutes.
Watching The Atomic Brain.
I was able to make coffee and sit for a few minutes before driving to work. 
I got an email from a friend and we got caught up on each other's lives. 
Today was the first sunny day after four days of rain.
Watched two episodes of The Goldbergs from season three.  Very funny stuff.
Going home and seeing my clean house after working hard on it all weekend.
Getting a good nights rest of 8 hours made me happy this morning.
Both of my kids had school today, so I had the house to myself.  Peace and quiet at last.  It was very restful too.  
A book I wanted to buy went on sale for Amazon and I bought it.
Getting the work done that I needed to get done
Me and my daughter made a cake yesterday and we had so much fun.
My kid had a great result on their project that we worked on all weekend. 
Making myself a nice, hot cup of tea.
I made delicious rice pudding
I drove around in my car today listening to my favorite songs on the radio.
I did really well in my job this morning and I feel like I am finally getting the hang of everything.
Instead of escalating tension, my wife and I were able to calmly talk through an argument and hugged it out.
Took my dog for a long walk around the neighborhood 
Eating breakfast
Giving my dogs a bath made me happy.
Being able to see my siblings and mom smile and laugh together at the dinner table last night.
I enjoyed being outside today as it was a nice warmer day with no rain.
Last night I was able to have an adult beverage and play video games with my friends, which made me happy.
Spending time with my husband's niece, nephew and their new baby boy.
It had been raining all morning and I was worried I would have to walk my friend's dog in the rain, but the sun came out when I got to his house.
We got some much needed rain and it smelled so good
I organized our house, it is now finally clean
Being able to get to bed early and wake up feeling pretty refreshed.
I made over $15.00 on Amazon Turk yesterday which was a personal record!
I could finally eat solid foods again after being sick all last week.
When I purchased in online store for Rs 1500, I got a cashback of 25% .
I ran for at least 30 minutes on the treadmill today.
My friend and I got pedicures.
I found a coupon while ordering food online through seamless and saved $10.
I was feeling a bit down, so I called a friend to chat and she really cheered me up quite a bit.
I received a gift to my friend
I didn't have insomnia last night.
I got great sleep last night
I took an amazing 2 hour nap and feel great.
I found a new show on Netflix.
I ate subway for lunch, I love subway
It rained overnight and stepping out to my car in the morning felt great with the water still in the air. The smell of fresh rain is unique.
Went for a jog around my neighborhood in the early morning. It felt great to witness the sun rise as I finished.  
I was able to complete reading the novel I had started a week ago
playing with daughter
I played the guitar.
I looked up from my work and noticed it was 5 o clock and time to go home. 
I received a high grade on a midterm exam
I will be going to a concert tonight that I have been anticipating for months.
Watching tv with my kids at home.
I ate my favorite food which was my dad's classic home cooked dumplings.
I wrote a program to automate a process of acquiring single pages of a PDF. It's almost complete, and I can't wait to get back to it.
I was given free Flyers tickets and I am currently at the game having a great time.
playing play station 4 with my friend  
After a long day, I picked up a six pack of beer;  I'm in the process of enjoying it now.
I got word that step sister had a successful surgery yesterday and is doing well.
I had a phone interview for a job I applied for and it went well.
My daughter told an unexpectedly funny joke. 
I am happy that I am finally done with work and I get to go on vacation.
I had a great long talk with my dad about life over breakfast this morning.
Both of my dogs and my toddler played together nicely outside while I enjoyed the nice sunny weather.
I had a really good dinner last night.
Making dinner tonight and our meal came out perfectly for once, was very happy and enjoyable. 
The temperature today was 70 degrees and the sun was shining.  I don't like cold weather so this was heaven for me.
I called an old friend and talked for a while
I read a few more chapters of the novel I've been reading these past few weeks.
I was able to relax and fall asleep at a reasonable hour.
I helped out an elderly man and he was very kind and appreciative. 
A moment that made me happy was playing a game of basketball with friends
I was able to imagine a hopeful future when I am stuck in depression and poverty at the moment. 
A meeting at work ended early.
I played with my cat and snuggled with him while watching some TV.
my dad bought me the new nintendo switch and it was a total surprise.
While I was shopping this morning, I had an opportunity to give someone some money that really needed it.
I resolved the backlog issue at work and my boss praised me for it.
I got on the scale and discovered that I have lost 5 pounds which is what I have been working towards.
I managed to do all my free weight work without being interrupted.
I made plans to see my mom and aunt in the coming weeks. I'm excited to see them after a few months away.
My rabbit was very affectionate toward me.
I saw my friend at work and we talked about life.
I got a good night sleep.
I danced with my girlfriend at a nightclub and watched her as she swayed her hips.
My partner sent me a special gift of chap stick, that he made himself. 
The movie we watched on netflix was really good, and we both enjoyed it from beginning to end. 
I had a really good breakfast.
Got to spend time with a friend.
I made enough money to pay my bills
My partner and I decided to go on an around the world trip next year.
Not having to go to work made me happy
Going home to see my family for spring break.
The birth of my baby was the best thing that happened to me this month.
My husband and I made dinner together. 
Sunday night I had an extremely well cooked meal (which I cooked myself), and it was large and filling and satisfying. I pork loin, rubbed with garlic paste and coated in black pepper corns, which I seared in a pan and then finished by roasting in the oven with some potatoes, and I served the whole thing with hearty italian bread and pan gravy on top.
Something that made me happy over the past month was running into an old friend from college and having lunch and catching up.
I went downtown with friends for my good friend's birthday. We had an absolute blast. 
I'm making some really good money tonight. Between my regular job and this.
In the last month I was happy when my 4 year old brought to me a picture that he had drawn and was very excited about; it was a happy moment because it was the first picture that he has drawn that has actually looked like something.
When I began to do all the overtime I wanted to pay off some bills.
I renegotiated my student loan and made preparations for the final payments.
I went out to a local hockey game with my brothers.
Hiking 7 miles at Norvin Green State Forest made me happy this month.
my mom's birthday celebration and wedding celebration and my dad birthday celebration i enjoyed the past month
THE FACT THAT I AM STILL ALIVE UNTIL TODAY THAT MAKES ME HAPPY.
One thing that made me happy this past month was only about a week ago, i received a 35 cent pay increase per hour at my job.
I went to the gym almost everyday this month. My goal is to go at least 5 times a week and spend at least 40 minutes lifting weights or doing cardio. I feel great when I achieve my goal.
Making money on amazon turk made me happy this month.
My husband gave me a massage the other day.
The when I was in the military and got promoted to E-4.
Unlocking a very hard achievement for mafia 3 for xbox one console.
Today, I got my exam grade back for my finance class and it was a 96!
i was paid back all of the money that i was owed.
One thing in the past month that made me happy was when I came home from work and usually my husband has a lot of things that he has to do when he works from home but he told me that he didn't have anything to do and he wanted to use his free time to spend with me and that made me extremely happy because it shows that he cares about me a lot.
I got a new smartphone as a gift from from my uncle.
I got a raise after my performance reviews in the past month.
I completed a difficult 5K running race and won my age group.
Buying air flights for my vacation in May.
An immediate family member received a promotion at work.
I met a girl at a coffee shop and got her phone number. Later went on date and had sexual realtions
I received a sticker I had asked a friend of mine to make.
I visited to my native place and my parents at town, I enjoyed little trip to town.
I was at church participating in corporate worship and the lyrics to a new song reminded me of one of the beautiful attributes of God.
My new boss complimented me, and said other management staff appreciated my efforts. 
My child said "Daddy" for the first time.
I was happy when I was able to finally fix my broken iPod using a trick I learned from Youtube.
My cat came to cuddle with me without any prompting 
The day that I ate a Portillo's chocolate cake shake. 

I scored an awesome deal on a jacket at Target (that I'd been eyeing for a while).
I read a new story at the student reading and the audience responded favorably. Also some fellow students and instructors complimented me on how well some recent revisions worked.
tour with friends to outstation 
I took my son to a doctor's appointment last week regarding his ADHD treatment. The doctor prescribed a new medication and we are already having great results. I'm happy to see my son behaving better and I know he's happier too.
My daughter started saying my baby daughters name.
A very old friend visited me at home.
Last month I was at my first Doctor Who convention, which I was so excited to be part of as I never been before.
Meeting my mother for lunch.
Within the last month I have been happy because my wife and I have been spicing up our sex life.
This past month I was able to see my family and we went to a hockey game together. 
I learned how to cook a new cake recipe.
I went on a fun weekend trip.
Winning a competition with my mates.
My family and I spent an entire day together with no one arguing. Even though our plans were ruined half way through we improvised and had a great time. We went to eat and spent a long day playing at the playground and taking a walk with our dog. 
I crashed my car and escaped any injury.
I could organize,with my facebook friends,blood for a needy boy
I spent two weeks with my long-distance girlfriend in the past month.
I completed a group project I had been working on for several months. It was a lot of stress off my day. 
I replaced the flooring in my bathroom, which included removing and reattaching the toilet, and it looks 100 times better!
Taking my grandkids to the movies made my happy.

Last month I have achieved my target in my job much before the stipulated time.
The weather was warm, and I went running for the first time in several months. 
I went to golden corral. Not a place I typically dine with my husband and his parents and our kids. The food was good. I decompressed a little and found a minute of happiness. I am estranged from parents. My son (my husband's stepson) is angry with my husband so I have been extremely nervous.
I was happy because a game I was waiting for came out and I enjoyed it.
I completed a project for one of my projects for class, and my teacher really liked it and congratulated me.
I went to a concert of my favorite artist.
With the coming of Spring I've felt a renewal of energy.
Last month i participated in a cookery show and i won first runner up. 
The stock i started investing in went up slightly.
got off probation. i won a lotto scratch off. i finally cussed somebody off that needed it.
I decided that I needed to take time off from school to focus on reassessing my education goals and also returning to full-time work.
In last month I had a tour program that day was very special for me
I'm a flight attendant so being able to go to the beach on a layover this past weekend was amazing.  Having a fun crew joining me made it a thousand times more fun!  We spent all afternoon together laughing, telling stories, and had a nice lunch as well.  
When my husband bought material to rebuild our chicken coop. 
I was given a small raise as well as the opportunity to work a few more hours per week, thus increasing my income.
Last month, I got selection in a Government Examination.That moment of joy I cannot really express.....
I traveled to Florence Italy to visit friends for a week.  
What made me happy this month was the arrival of my Mother from out of state.
My son won the senior elementary science fair in the engineering category 
I ordered a new mountain bike from the Trek Store last week.
I really started getting involved with a company I can sell online with I am very much behind and love the products.
I had a great date night with my wife.
I had a totally crappy day at work, it was raining when I left the shop which was perfect for my mood. I got in my car, turned on the radio and surprise..more bad news. I decided to treat myself to a cup of coffee on the way home..instead of choosing the drive through I went inside to see what donuts looked fresh. I ordered my coffee donut to go and just as I was  about to pay I heard a voice behind me say, "I've got it". When I turned around I saw it was a guy from work who I don't really know but he's kind of cute. I thanked him, feeling my face getting red and said I'd see him tomorrow.
I reconnected with an old friend.
When I realized I was making more than "pennies" working for Mechanical Turk since I am on a very fixed income.
I won 100 dollars on a lottery scratcher 
Watching Jason Bourne with my girlfriend the other day made me happy.
What made me happy last month was the fact that I was able to stick to my routine and stay in shape has really helped me become a better role model for my family. They often do my workouts or they try to make certain meal I eat. It is very motivating for me as well
Eating the delicious ribs my wife made or dinner
I got a new doggy daycare client that I will be caring for 5 days per week and it's working out really well. 
I love play Soccer with my son
I watched the movie Logan.
Getting a bonus at work.
I lost 5 pounds which is awesome considering I never ever lose weight.
My eleven year old son remembering the correct turns we needed to make to get home from an unknown city, when I didn't remember them myself.
My favorite men's college basketball team made the final four for the first time ever.
My hostas are emerging! I can see their tips. Spring is near!
Got engaged with my new life.
My cat had recently lost weight so i took her to the veterinarian. The veterinarian said my cat had all the symptoms of hyperthyroidism. A few days later i received a call saying that my cat was perfectly fine and healthy.
I was happy that I decided to go outside of my comfort zone and try a crossfit class.
I got my new job which is more good and I was very happy.
I finally met my long distance girlfriend from the netherlands, it was the happiest moment of my life.
I went to dinner with my friends and someone got me a bunch of drinks.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

My boyfriend and I were walking around a park at night playing Pokemon Go.
It was dark out and we were looking at a covered area that had a picnic table on it, considering bringing the kid down for a picnic the next day.
my friend try to make happy all the time. last month best moment is to meet my old friend who is angry with me when i was only 10
I was able to purchase tickets to a concert that I want to attend and got very good seats. 
past month i got a gift from my uncle, which makes me happy
I had a photo published in a major publication.
I finally managed to make 10 free throw shots in a row (basketball) from a long time of practicing.
Im past one month i was searching for good job for my professional. I was really tried for that for more than 2 months. Then i finally found the one which i feel most comfortable to me and i eager to wish to i am be the one person for job is perfect.  THis was the happiest moment for me to find my job in past month.
I was able to dumbbell press 100 pounds in each hand.
When my best friend flew down to surprise me on my birthday. 
I matched into my first choice for PGY2 Ambulatory Care Pharmacy Residency.
Friends visiting and spending time over the weekend
I got a text from a man I'd seen on a first date, and really liked, asking to schedule a second date.
I talked to my sibling.
Last week i won the watch in competition, i feel very happy.
I saw my childhood friend
I got to see one of my favorite bands named Slothrust perform live for my first time at a new music venue that I haven't been to before and it was an amazing show! They played a lot of my favorite songs and even performed an encore by playing one more song after finishing their set. I can't wait to see them again!
Something that made me happy in the past month was when I received a bouquet of flowers. 
In the office, I finally completed all my bills before the deadline
Today morning my friend come from USA and he give me a new mobile phone.
I was able to get a loan deferred.
In past month i m very happy when i get surprised gift from my father, i received a car in that gift.
I bought an expensive shoe that I have always wanted to wear  on amazon
This past month, Starcraft Remastered was announced which made me very happy because it brought back a lot of nostalgic memories of enjoying that game with my friends from Middle School up through College.
when i got a girlfriend. she is my first love and that time i thought that she would be my life partner. because i love so much.
I got to see one of my plays performed at a theatre in Hollywood.
I found out that I was drawn for the September Elk Hunt in my state.  
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
Going to my daughters soccer game and seeing her have fun playing.
I completed a $15 HIT yesterday. 
It made me happy to get a promotion at work.
My wife and I were able to save a lot of money towards our retirement accounts.
I was happy when I was able to connect with my. Boyfriends son and he said "I love you"".
The day with my wife
 I successfully completed my project and all the subordinate and boss congratulate me.
I pass an final, that I was dreading.
It wasn't so simple, but I helped to open a new library branch in my city last weekend. I'm on the library board, so I got to speak at the ribbon cutting, after the mayor, the state assembly member, and the city librarian. The community in that part of town has been asking for a library and waiting for a long time, and it was great to see a library that crowded. I went back on Tuesday after work to browse around, and it was still crowded. If it stays that packed, we may need to extend the hours. Honestly, I'd love to have that sort of problem. I think it's great to see that many people so eager to use the library. 

The day i got promoted
Working on my grandfathers piano made me happy.
Found out my friends paper's was accepted at a major conference.
I was happy last week when I arrived at my house when I found a new refrigerator in the kitchen, after the old one had gone down months ago. It was very exciting to see a new gadget at home.
I got hired as a journalist for an online gaming-related publication. 
Seeing my overseas living friend after few months of time and having few beers with him.
I brought my dream car that I always wanted.
Earlier this month a bunch of friends and I rented out a place at the beach and spent the weekend hanging out, ignoring the news, and had a great time.
I got transfer to the main plant (From Jan) . There all the machines are worked by computerized program. I have no experience in this field. Only PLC prog, studied. All are new employees and also having engineering degree. When I enter this, they treat me ill, because I have no engineering degree. But out of my curiosity, I learned lot from net and also in practical in the free time. My senior manager advised to them to, teach me the prog. But they told yes, but in practically they didn't teach me. Last month I solved the one critical problem without their help. All are shocked. Now they are all respect me and call me Anna( brother). That moment I got very happy
I have a crappy life, so happiness is relative.
The closest i came to happy was several hours on Twitter one night with a group of women and we were just being silly. 
Early last week, I thought i found a photographer to work with.
I got accepted into the school I wanted to go to.
I straighten my curly hair and colored.
When I reached my monthly Mturk goal about a week early.
A moment that made me happy was seeing my family. I live about an hour away for school, so I don't see them so often. I had my spring break last week, so it was nice to be able to go see them for a little while.
I celebrate My 24th birthday
Going to my childhood friend's baby shower.
I got to eat cake on my son's birthday after abstaining from sugar for a month. It was delightfully exciting.
I was very happy when I got a phone call telling me I was being offered the job I interviewed for the previous week.
last week I purchased a new car.
I had a lot of success in a project I had been working on at work and it made me very happy.
I spent quality time with my spouse. We went for a short two days trip. This was the best time recently we spent together.
When my family cooked my favorite food at night
I had a good experience that we are involving in a same continuous statements that are to be involved in farthest condition
I was asked on a date by a guy I like and it went well!
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
My Brother
I was walking down the main street of my hometown and there was this red head girl, she was mid's 20s or something, I was so shocked to see her there standing, probably waiting for someone or something. I was playing games in my mind but I wanted to approach her and ask her name or something, I was scared as hell as I got closer. 

I made my steps to her and told her "You're pretty", she rolled her eyes and smiled, my left leg was shaking like crazy, but I managed to control myself and ask some more, her name, and even her phone number. 

After all that short talk, probably less than 4 minutes, I told her goodbye and I did the triumph walk to my home. It may sounds stupid to other people, but that few minutes gave me so much happiness in my empty life. 
Getting work promotion
I listen old songs and it will led me to the old days memories.
I was starting a new business and somebody came through for me in a big way which relieved my worry and brought in excitement and motivation.
Getting a promotion at my job made me very happy. I have worked quite a while to get this promotion and I feel it's very deserved.
I finished a 300 mile sled dog race.


What made me happy (remotely happy) was thinking about my future and my hopes for it. Planning the financial aspects of moving out and getting a place of my own to live, so that I can live my new life. 
I was happy when thinking about the new job I'm going to be starting next week.
I finally got to go home and spend time with my family.
Start the construction work of our new home.
buying a new car
I felt I had done a good job on a project at work. 
I saw a great horned owl scarf up a mouse.  I've only witnessed this a couple times.
I loved getting to celebrate my sister's birthday. We went to a concert and had an awesome time! I don't get to see her very much as we live in different states, so it was a great memory that I'll never forget.
This past week I got the opportunity to visit BP's GOA group in Chicago and talk with the head of crude oil trading. Hearing about the day to day tasks he does and the deals he negotiates over physical oil made feel excited about my long-term prospects as an incoming trading intern.
I introduced my daughter to the video game "Super Meat Boy" and we had so much fun playing and laughing together.
I am happy that I made the most amount of money in the last month on Amazon Mturk that I have ever made in my 3+ years of membership. 
I finally was able to buy the NEW car I needed.


Toady my birthday but I am not happy every year we are celebrating very happy but this I can't happy
The moment I got accepted into Phd program. I had worked so and and worried for so long and then the acceptance came!
Two weeks ago, I was approved for a much-needed loan that I initially thought I would have trouble acquiring; I felt immediate relief when I received the approval email. 
I watched a movie with my best friend for which I was waiting for long time
I got a new project to lead my team
When I ate at a new restaurant.
I spent an afternoon talking, hiking and laughing with my best friend.
I went on vacation for a whole week. 
My happy moment was the day I laid eyes on our dog we adopted this month.
I paid off one of my credit cards.
A girl came up to me at the gym and talked to me. We had a short conversation and at the end we exchanged telephone numbers.
After working all week, knowing I was off the next day and could sleep and catch up on my rest. 
I was happy that I was able to purchase a dress that I've been waiting for. It was a dress that was very expensive but I was finally able to find it at an affordable price. When I received it, the dress exceeded all of my expectations.
I GO TO SHOPPING WITH MY FRIEND
I feel very happy when I see the Warriors win
My son made me happy when he said and showed me the number two.
I witnessed an accident and I was able to rescue the passengers from the vehicle before it was completely engulfed in flames, 
We have conducting the party of my mothers birthday the in last month the party was very enjoyable movement on the day me and my family members enjoyed lots and lots in an parties
I qualified in the inter collegiate tennis tournament as a university player which was held at bangalore.
Something that made me happy this month is becoming closer to a new girl at work. She is very sweet and I am very glad she became a part of our crew.
I was given a promotion in my job as a senior manager with a lot of significant decision making power.
I was having car problems and when I took it to the dealer to get it fixed I found out it was still under warranty and the dealer fixed it at no charge.
my mother surprised me by coming home with my favourite cooked meal
I recently had my car impounded. I managed to get it back and this made me feel a lot happier and secure.
I woke up on a Sunday next to my significant other after a week of insomnia.
I was accepted in a job I applied for in early February.
last month February 14 my husband gifted a wrist watch surprisingly . I didn't expect from him . really it was amazing. 
Someone I loved dearly passed away recently, I drove to his funeral 3 states away and on the way my engine of my car blew. I was stranded and in turn lost my car and had to sit at a bus station for 12 hours and then ride a bus for another 12 hours just to get home. When my bus pulled into the station of my home town, I was happy.
It's my friends birthday and we celebrated at lunch.
Two weeks before I met with a minor injury.As I was away from my parents I had to look after myself.Seeing my struggle for managing my household works my neighbours decided to show up and took care of me and my house.They did it without any expectations.It was such a pleasure and happiest moment for me that time.
I was happy when I got back with my boyfriend. 
When my wife and I "facetime" with my daughter and we get to see our grandson, our daughter, and our son-in-law.

My cat had been constipated for three weeks and she finally made a successful bowel movement on Monday morning.
My Son got good grades and promoted to next class.
Meeting two new puppies that my sister adopted.
I attended my first NASCAR Race in person.
10 days ago i went tour with my friends it was very funny moment
bought a new phone this past month
My mother rented the beach house that we used to visit when I was very young and I felt incredibly happy when we last weekend to celebrate my birthday.
It was 70 degrees out the other day, and it felt amazing to go for a walk in the park.
I saw a man eating potato
I went to see Beauty and the Beast with my friends and it's fantastic
I secretly gave a homeless man some money. My girlfriend and I were walking around a park at night. It was dark out and we were looking at a covered area that had a picnic table on it, considering bringing the kid down for a picnic the next day. As we got closer, we noticed a homeless man was sleeping on the table. He was in an old sleeping bag and had a few bags of his possessions around him. We both decided to not disturb the old man and go somewhere else. We got back in the car and I still didnt feel okay.

I saw a pen and paper in my car so I wrote the guy a note: aHey there! Hereas some cash for a hot cup of coffee and some breakfast tomorrow. Hope you have a wonderful day today!a

We crept back over and I stealthily slid the note and cash under one of his bags. Thereas truly nothing happier than doing something for somebody else.
I felt so happy when i started seeing results on my weight loss . I lost 5 kgs and now i feel light and happy 
My career status has raised one notch up. I was made sure that I'll be continuing to work in my field of interest in spite of me having less years of experience, lesser opportunities and higher demand in the industry.
We the whole family went out for a hill station and its highest peak of our location. We visited many places and stayed there for three days. We really enjoyed the trip.
My daughter and I spent two hours listening to classic rock songs from the 80s. It was a lot of fun exposing her to this music and she enjoyed it quite a bit.
I finally found a used car and paid for it, after being without a car for 3 months.
I was very happy when I realized I had aced my first psychology test of the semester.
I got an offer in online shopping and it saved my money and i was feeling very happy
I got license for four wheeler after a long time , it made me happy.
Cousins visited me and my family from out of state.
My father (who has dementia) was in the hospital for a minor surgery, and while he was there, he got the flu. I was on my way down there (8 states away), and I was so happy to be with him. We unexpectedly lost our mother in October, so we've all been struggling. Anyway, in the hospital, I tended to him until he was well enough to leave the hospital. I was so happy when he was released that I started crying tears of joy.
Last month I attended marriage function and many friends told me i looked pretty and dressed well, that was a happy moment.
Enjoying quality time with my daughter to watch her interact with others made me realize I did a good job raising her.
One day I came home from a long, arduous day at work. My 4 month old beagle/chihuahua puppy jumped in my lap, put her paws/arms around my neck and hugged me for over 1 minute loving me and taking away my exhaustion. 
I spent some time with a close friend.
When I got an opportunity to visit the country's capital Delhi last month, I was very happy.  It was long cherished desire of me to visit that place.  Finally I could accomplish it.
When I got a 100 on my Marketing Research test.
I went to church for St.Antony Novena and i felt spiritually happy.
what made me happy last month I got promoted and my salary was increased
Going down to a spot we found on the riverbank some days earlier and taking my four year old down there for her first experience of walking by the river. Watching her collect shells and rocks and dig in the sandbanks, so absorbed in what she was doing and so happy, made me feel happy. I think we spent about an hour and a half down there before going on to the park. The happiness was short lived because my germaphobe husband freaked out about how muddy we got.



My brother introduced me to a new church.
i am happy that there are certain things in the world need from me i am willing to give into that also i like my privacy.. THis hit is wonderful always gettting me some money just for a 5 minutes of work.
i went to jungle as my jungle trip... it was just do and die trip.... i was very happy after i went to the jungle i felt very scare because...The leaves in the jungle are large and can be used to collect rain water to drink . the jungle is such an abundant resource of plants and animals, the resources for finding food are everywhere. It's just a matter to find food...after the day end ...it was a night i was dying from a mosquito bite its very iching i con,t sleep properly....but i saw the animels in live that was really amazing it was just my dreams come true...after coming back from jungle i felt relax my friends and family was very proud of me it fell me very happy
I received an offer for a new job.
The day that I paid off several of my debts that were on my credit report.
Last month my publication read by many members in research gate site. It is happiest month because lot of people showing interest on my research topic.
our family went trip to the Delhi for taking photographs of taj mahal. it is one of the seven beauties in the world
When a former high school bully apologized to me after 18 years.
I became the first person to complete the project.
Past month I booked my ticket in advance for Spain n i am so happy to go in few days to Spain 
I received my annual variable pay bonus from my employer.
When i had a great weekend trip with my friends
I got promotion in my company and it is very delightful.
Moving back home made me happy.
My grandmother came back from seeing a friend and was in a really good mood.
I was asked to make a batch of brownies that everyone liked last time. I didn't have enough brown sugar as per the instructions, so I mixed together white sugar and eyeballed how much molasses I would need. They came out much better than the brown sugar ones last time, and I got more compliments on them. 
My favorite team won the match comprehensively.
I was very happy last month when my wife got delivered a cute baby girl which just looks like me
When I bought first smartphone from my own income.
Last month my salary was increased.Besides that I got some incentives also.
One reason that experiences (and memories of those experiences) make us happier than material things is due to the entire cycle of enjoyment that experiences provide: planning the experience, looking forward to the experience, enjoying the experience, and then remembering the experience. Make your home a gallery of positive memories.
I spoke to my uncle who is like my dad, he helped raise me and has been a big influence in my life. He lives in another country and we don't speak often but I love him so much and he is the funniest, nicest man in the world!
My husband presented a new smartphone for me.  I was so happy. 
I woke up at 6.00AM to complete my yoga which i normally do at 9.00AM
a message from my new office that you are appointed,the message was made me so happy.
I went to do some exams at the ophthalmologist to see how I followed my vision, after the operation, everything was perfect until the times.
My husband made me happy
At a doctor's appointment a couple of weeks ago, where I was pretty sure that I would have to get a certain painful blood test afterward, I was told that I would *not* have to get the blood test on that day, and that it was to be delayed for a month and a half, until the end of next month.
I was sharing pleasures with my wife and we both had an O at the same time! The extreme pleasure lasted on a few seconds but the memory of it and residual will last a life time.

Getting very silly with old friends on the Saturday night, and laughing way too far into the night, at a professional conference.Picking the most tasty tomatoes ever from our garden, grown from the seeds of the most tasty tomatoes we grew last year, and having so many, we had to make sauce.
My daughter who working in an IT company from my nearby state usually comes to my place for only two days in a month came last month home and stayed with me for 6 days due to some work at home facility and this was the very very  happy moment.
Last month i received a increment in my job and i was happy and i took my family for outing and had dinner with my family and i really enjoyed  very  much.
Outing which I made with my boyfriend made me happy.
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
My wife gave birth to a baby boy and this made me happy.
I went on a romantic date with my girlfriend.
My girlfriend and I played video games and went out to dinner and a movie last weekend.
I called my mother long distance and she told me she was coming to visit and stay with me for a month, I haven't seen her in a year.
I got a Nintendo Switch for my birthday and I've been spending my free time playing video games with my fiance!
I finally made the time to get my athletic training certification. 
past month i went a vocation from my office.all of our office colleges are attended the vocation.we all went by a bus.we played games and danced in the bus.it was interesting and very happiest moment in my life.we all enjoyed lot.
Last month was my girlfriend B'day, we went out for shopping and had fun at amusement park. I gifted her Marshmallows shaped in heart and a Platinum ring. We discussed and planned about our marriage date on this same day. All these are still keeping me happy. 
past month i went a vocation from my office.all of our office colleges are attended the vocation.we all went by a bus.we played games and danced in the bus.it was interesting and very happiest moment in my life.we all enjoyed lot.
I found my lost cat.  My cat had left one morning and didn't come back.  She has been missing for months.  The other day I was looking at possibly adopting another cat and found my missing cat at the humane society as an adoptable pet!  Couldn't believe it!  So happy!
past week i went trekking with my friends. It was a pretty good experience
I was happy this weekend when I had a quesadilla bun cheese burger with tots for din-din.
Someone bought a piece of art from me.
She feared seeing them happy again, knowing she really was nothing more than a disposable stand-in until they were able to be together again.
Last Sunday my family and I went to the Honolulu Aquarium for their birthday and had a great time with the kids events and looking at all the fish and sea life.
When my 4 year old son wiped my tears consoling me after I had an arguement with my spouse
I bought tickets to go see Metallica!
The moment that has made me the happiest so far was the day I went to see Beauty and the Beast with my best friend and her family.
My happiest moment when everyday my mom kiss me on my head.
My happiest moment when everyday my mom kiss me on my head.
My happiest moment when everyday my mom kiss me on my head.
I went to the hotel with my friends. That moment I am so happy.
My happiest moment when everyday my mom kiss me on my head.
Buying a new PS4.
THE HAPPIEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE FOR THE PAST MONTH WAS GETTING MY MASTER DEGREE FROM ANNA UNIVERSITY...
Learning blender animation software.
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE IS GETTING THE U.S. VISA CAN'T FORGET ANYWAY THAT MOMENT IN MY EXISTENCE.
I went to meeting of science exhibition..  It is very useful to see..
my happiest moment in my life is getting the U.S visa can't forget anyway that moment in my existence.
we got a puppy dog 
Buying new phone from my earned money.
MY HAPPINESS MOMENTS IN MY BROTHER BIRTHDAY FUNCTION.BECAUSE  A HAPPINESS MOMENTS FOR MY LIFE .

Lying in the bed listening to the rain outside. 
Listening to old songs and being able to remember all the lyrics.
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE IS GETTING THE US VISA CAN'T FORGET ANYWAY THAT MOMENT IN  MY EXISTENCE.
meeting a childhood friend after 5 years
Lying the bed listening to the rain outside Listening to old songs and being able to remember all the lyrics
Lying in the bed listening to the rain outside.
Listening to old songs and being able to remember all the lyrics.
Lying in the bed listening to the rain outside. Listening to old songs and being able to remember all the lyrics.
Lying in the bed listening to the rain outside. Listening to old songs and being able to remember all the lyrics.
I became sick the other day with a stomach bug. My wife stayed home to do anything i wished. That made me so happy.
Lyling in the bed listening to the rain outside.
Listening to old songs and being able to member all the lyrics.
last month i got a new mobile is my happiest moment 
I became sick the other day with a stomach bug. My wife stayed home to do anything i wished. That made me so happy.
  I AM GOING TO MY COUSIN MARRIAGE IT'S A VERY COLOR FULL  DAY.IT'S A HAPPY MOMENT IN MY LIFE
The idea of starting a business
Our garden gave us brinjals which we made into curry. We loved it.
When I went for dinner to a nice restaurant with my girlfriend.
Lyling in the bed listening to the rain outside.
Listening to old songs and being able to member all the lyrics.
PAST MONTH AM GOING TO ECO PARK.IT IS VERY ENJOYABLE TO MY FRIENDS AND VERY HAPPINESS IS BEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE.
Lying in the bed listening to the rain out side.
Listening to old songs and being able to remember all the lyrics.
I played pokemon go with my friends.
The general manager came into my job and told me what a great job I had been doing.
The Golden State Warriors beat the Oklahoma City Thunder mighty handily.
i got a new pet 
THE OFFICE TRIP HELD AT LAST WEEK MADE ME HAPPY.THE EACH AND EVERY MOMENT THAT WE SPEND IN OUR TRIP IS UNFORGETTABLE.
My happiest moment is last month I went to tour with my friends.And we enjoyed a lot in that tour.That is my happiest moment.
Receiving a raise recently, my first paycheck came in last Thursday, was able to pay down a considerable amount of credit card debt
My mother's health report came and she is all good
I celebrated my father's birthday first time at last month and i gave a surprised party that makes my father to be very happy that moment is my happiest moment on last month.
I got a new phone. It's so beautiful. 
I received my IRS TAX REFUND
Yes. Last month we have went Singapore for family trip. Yes we enjoyed lot and visited many places and had different foods. Lot of sea foods. Especially me and my brother likes fishes very mush. So we had lot of fishes. Really unforgettable movements of my life. 
I was happy because I got the news I will be going for 'on the job' training this year. 
I got a promotion
I bought a new car
My son presented me his  fiancA(c)e 
I got to meet my favorite celebrity in person. This moment was really special and I felt really happy about it. We live in the same town and I waited to meet him for so long now. 
Meeting up with my nephew and niece at my brother's home was awesome, we had fun together.
I hung out with my friends a lot.
I went to the movies with some friends.
I got golden employee award certificate in my office for my performance. 
In the past month, I got a offer letter from one of the prestigious firm that I was looking to join. This made me very happy.  
I went to the beach and enjoyed the beginning of the spring with my family.

I met with my nephews and we played cricket.
Me and my wife's 23rd anniversary was just last week. It made me feel really good to take her out and celebrate with the best woman ever.
The executive manager of the company I work for visited me at my work place. She expressed satisfaction with my work. I thought about it whole day and felt happy.
My father gifted me the latest bike last week which i was eagerly wanted, very happy.
I won first prize in a national level project competition which made me really happy.
It was my 10th wedding anniversary last month, the special gift from my hubby was a silk saree and a diamond earring.
I Was Very Happy to Know that my son completed his graduation with Very Good Marks.
I just received a new part time job for some side money and that comes with some nice perks at a golf club.
I went to karaoke with my friend, I was really bad at singing but I still had a good time because its a lot of fun singing to your favorite songs.
I play a game called In The Groove and I entered into the 13 blocks now passing about a dozen.  This is probably my biggest achievement as the physical challenge is quite demanding.
Last Sunday my sister born a baby and I got new relation as Uncle, that is my happiest moment for me.
I found out this week that I will be getting a bonus at work in April
I adopted a cat.
My sister sent me a 2lb bag a past month and they're just about gone. Fat free, delicious and healthy.
LAST MONTH DURING MY BIRTH DAY I WENT TO AN ORPHANAGE AND GAVE GIFTS TO THE CHILDREN .THE CHEERING OF THAT KIDS MADE ME HAPPY.
Lying in the bed listening to the rain outside. Listening to old songs and being able to member all the lyrics.
I got to to Philadelphia to see my brother and his family and I felt amazing. 
My son saying he loves me
Celebrating my dad & stepmother's 2nd anniversary, thinking back to their wedding day.
Yesterday I came home from work and my daughter, who is 6 months old, smiled the biggest smile I've ever seen.
Getting a job offer from a very important company.
In last last month getting a mini pig has made me happy.
my mom came for a visit
I got to spend the day visiting with my nieces. 
I got a free donuts coupon.
Recently, I got to know about him. I read his answers and they amazed me. I got answers to my two difficult questions I have been exploring throughout my life. I got happy reading his answers. That is what I am fascinated about humans. They are right in their views because god ponders heart. he wrote all he had gone through his life and they were great life lessons. Knowing about this  answers made me happy recently. 
Well, it was when my sister told me that she is pregnant and that I will become an uncle. 
In the past month I was happy when I finger painted with my 1 year old niece. 
Girlfriend Makes me Happy
the past month my son got married, I felt very happy and was one of my beautiful days , I was a strong feeling and It was wonderful 
I delivered the project successfully last month. I got appreciation from the customer. That was a great moment.
My girlfriend and I were walking past month around a park at night playing Pokemon Go. It was dark out and we were looking at a covered area that had a picnic table on it, considering bringing the kid down for a picnic the next day.
I finally sold my caravan.
Nailing a perfect cup on my v60 brewer
It made me happy to get a promotion at work to full-time.
Went to my parents place after very long time
I went to a spiritual place in my neighbor state which was one of my favorite moment 
in the past month we went to visit one of my friend's kid b'day party. it makes me happy.
Went downstairs and cuddled with my cat on the couch watching TV.
When I  heard first cry of my grand son. 
This past month my family and I went on a week long cruise. 
Having the chance to finally proper leash train my dog so taking her on walks is easier.
I went to the pet shelter and adopted a new dog!
I adapted healthier eatings habits over the past month. 
When i went to kulu manali trip with my hubby & friends
I met my college friends today. We had a great time spending at the favourite restaurant. We had all the varieties of dishes
My happy moment was when I was with my friends at games night and we were all having a good time together.
The completion of my Latin language course 
I purchased a New Computer for my office use.
I got a new puppy.
I was working in a movie as assistant director. After 2 years of hectic schedule, shooting was finally wrapped up.
I worked very hard to complete my work for the academic week before Spring Break, and then I was able to have a nice week off to go on a short trip with my wife and son, free of distractions. The first day we left for the trip was exciting and fun.
Finally settling on a permanent home to raise my family.
Went on a weekend trip with some friends.
Got selected in my dream multinational company
My brother coming to visit us for St. Patrick's Day.
bought a new laptop for myself, which made me happy.
It is most memorable moment is when i saw my  best friend. i see her on last ten years.i never thought that i see her again. i never forget this.
I was quite happy when I took a long weekend trip to the country with my partner.
Started really working on my business
I am happy because I currently live in a shelter and I am unemployed and I was just offered a full time job. I have been unemployed for over 6 months and I lost all of my possessions. I will have to start my life over from the beginning.
When I found leftover change in the pocket left forgotten for some time.
I have been fasting lately and i've lost 8 pound in 5 days.
An event that made me happy in this past week was losing 2 pounds. While to most that does not seem like a lot it puts me down to 186 and closer to my goal weight of 170 pounds. This event makes me happier because i am finally feeling good about myself and good about setting a goal and reaching it.
Last month my land was sold at high rate which I did not expect. This sale made us to regain our lost happiness
It was nice enough to go outside for a walk. 
Going out to drink with my friends made me happy.
my wife was in her ninth month 
It made me happy to find out that we are getting raises this year at work.
I was happy to buy one of my favorite artist's new album that was just released.
I was happy last night because I finally got to see a film that I have wanted to see for months and I loved it. 
My husband getting a lot of work done on our new house 
i have got new job with my expected salary
i helped my friend who was once trapped in domestic violence. i motivate her to raise her voice and now she is living happily. 
I went to visit my granny's place in my native. I went there to spend my weekends. The environment was very good and I was happy to see that. 
my hubby give a surprise gift for our anniversary
SPENDING DAY WITH FRIENDS
I was delighted that my daughter was selected in a lottery by the high school of her choice and awarded acceptance to this special digital arts academy.
i brought a new car
I was accepted into an MBA program 2 weeks ago.  I've been lazy about schooling since I got my bachelor's, so it made me happy I finally applied and got accepted.
i went to meet my home town last week
My cat comes and sleeps in my arms every night. 
I went to see the show South Pacific with my wife.  I have always enjoyed Broadway shows, but had never gotten a chance to see South Pacific until my wife surprised me with tickets to the show. It made me very happy and the show was a pleasure to watch.
A group of friends that went on a cruise last year had a reunion a couple of weeks ago to share laughs and pictures. 
I was happy that my parents came home from vacation.
I cooked a dinner that I was excited to make and my family complimented me on it.
Last weekend I played Wii and drank wine with my boyfriend for a few hours Sunday night. We just acted like kids and were so in love.  It was a great moment looking back on it.
I went to near by city i met my old friend. He was studying 20 year back with me. I lost his contact but i searched him in many ways accidentally i met him i was very happy and i continue his friendship. 
A couple of weeks ago, I had a week off from work and took the time to knock a lot of things off my to do list.
I was notified that a freelance project I applied for last year was finally scheduled to begin this month, and that I am part of the team.
Seeing some kids play around outside and just having fun
i made a chicken biriyani last week
My son got the gold medel in chess competition
I played a really great tennis game.
I completed a computer programming course.
Somebody placed a large order at my online store.
I was invited to my coworker's party.
I was called to play the keyboard in Sunday church service when I visited my home town last month.
Seeing my grand daughter and taking her for a walk. 
I ran a 10k race and finished in a new personal record time.
We went on a family vacation to the virgin islands.
I heard that I had another job to go to.
Seeing a 3D ultrasound of my baby at 37 weeks made me happy. 
I made up with a friend.
I went to the beach with my grandchildren.
I had a lovely time cooking a new meal with my partner.
My eleven month old handed me an object for the first time.  She was so pleased with herself for handing me something and was grinning excitedly.  She kept doing it repeatedly and I thought it was so cute.  
My young daughter was invited by her violin teacher to join a youth symphony for next season.
I installed and APFC (Automatic Power Factor Control ) Pannel and was applauded by every one for my efforts.
I got to meet up with my girlfriend for the first time for 1 month.
When I published my fourth novel, because I've always wanted to be an author but never thought I could actually write a book.
I think my happiest moment in the last month was when I got to see old friends from college for a weekend
The day I went to my daughter's clarinet concert. 
Spending time with my daughter and watching her grow has made me so very happy the past 3 months.
My dog makes me happy everyday.
I was very happy when my husband came home with beautiful, expensive new speakers for my office as a surprise.
I made cookies with my grandson.
I got my heat bill yesterday, and I saved over $100. The bill was $147.00!
My Son studied BE Engineering course and completed without arrear and selected in Campus interview and now working in Software company. I really happy with this moment. I really very much satisfied on my life.
My boyfriend told me he loved me.
I received an unexpected (and large) bonus for some work I did a few weeks ago.
I made an exceptionally wonderful meal for our dinner.
Last night, my parents got a new puppy.
Having a nice, relaxed dinner with my boyfriend last night made me happy.
going camping with my friends
A patient I have been treating for infertility for nearly a year emailed me last Saturday to tell me she is pregnant!
This past month, I celebrated my 31st birthday and had a wonderful party to celebrate with friends and family.
My wife finally got a job that utilizes her degree.
This morning my 8 year old son asked if he could wear a shirt and tie to school today. When I asked him why, he said I feel like a businessman when I dress up and I work harder. Cant argue with that. The 2nd grade just got a businessman in class today. 
My boyfriend and I got to dog sit for a family he works for while they were out of town and I love dogs so it was awesome.
I got my vintage Twin Reverb amp repaired.
I was happy when I binge watched a television series that I really like.
Skiing with my girlfriend, conquering our first mogul
I received a new raise at my job.
I went to dinner with my girlfriend
It made me happy to see my four year old daughter dance around outside holding an umbrella. 
I went with my girlfriend down to Miami to have a relaxing weekend.
i buy new smartphone
I went golfing with my good friend.
I was happy yesterday when my daughter picked out a dress and the store to wear on Easter and picked out shoes to match and wanted to try them on and walk around the dressing room like a princess.
I went to the dr. yesterday and got good BP numbers.
I was put on a new inhaler to replace the one that wasn't working for me.
My family and I laughed while eating dinner.
 bought my desired bike in my own salary and that was a fruitful moment in my life which i will cherish forever. i had to save money for almost a year in-order to buy. 
I was very happy when my  husband and I had an entire day to ourselves to go explore downtown Dallas one Saturday.
We took our one year old daughter to visit family in San Antonio for spring break, and as part of the trip visited the San Antonio Zoo where she loved feeding the giraffes.
1.  I got a delivery of a piece of furniture that I had been waiting a month for.  


I learnt that my girlfriend got accepted in an art school
I had a very good session with a client. 
Coming home from work and spending time with my dog. Taking her out to the park and playing fetch.
When I came to know that my mother's spine operation in Bangalore which was critical has been successful after waiting for 8 hours in an anxious state in Kolkata.
The thing that made me happiest in the past month was the fulfillment of my lifelong dream of purchasing a condo on the beach.
making a tea for my mom who gone through surgery recently.
Snuggling in bed with my cats 
I got to go to my son's cub scout meeting for the first time tonight. 
i was given a worthy increment in my salary for which i have been demanding for long.
I was happy when one of my students told me that I was their favorite teacher and they never wanted to leave my class. 
The moment when I visit an old age home. This is one of the happiest moments in my life. In Jan 2017 me and my job mates had been visited an old age home for the purpose of charity. This made me very happy.
I was happy to look forward to having my child home for Spring Break so we could spend time together.
I have been trying to track down the new video game console, the Nintendo Switch for a month, I FINALLY found one after a great customer service experience led me to one. 
I was able to use my health knowledge when I volunteered for a health group as their guest speaker. 
I went on a Short Road Trip with my friends and we had a lot of fun.
Going home to see my family after being gone for college.
i get a raise on my job after waiting for 2 years
My children presence
In the past month I feel so amazed and happy for my job promotion. It was Monday morning, when my boss told me for a meeting and I thought it was a very important topic, and knowing that it is about my promotion. I was promoted to a new Senior Lead in our department and luckily, my salary is increasing. I am so blessed and happy.
it made me happy when i offered an old friend of mine a place to stay. she was having a hard time and living with roommates she didn't know very well. she was also having various other problems like her car falling apart, her son being taken away from her, some drinking and drug problems, etc. i knew i didn't have to help her but i wanted to, it made me feel happy and proud to lend a helping hand and invite her into our home. many people influence your life and i wanted to be a positive influence for her. 
Surprised role change as I was recently promoted 6 months back.

Again I got Promoted to next role with 30% hike in my salary on 17th Feb.
My brother came to visit from out of state.
When I finished landscaping the front yard with my wife helping me.
Yesterday March 28th when I participated in a company competition and for the first time in 5 years I won a trip for 4 people to Miami
My son is in the 8th grade. he studies very hard but never tops the class. This time we all were praying that he should top his class. Our prayers paid off and the results showed that he had topped the class. i was very very happy
The most difficult part to play in a life is a relationship and I found myself playing in the family very well for a day last month.
Last week we celebrated our little girl's birthday and spent some time together with family members at our religious place.
I relaxed in the sand of the beach of Florida last month and it was great.
I heard from a good friend who has been severely sick that I had not talked to for awhile.
In the past month, I received a position at work.
Two weeks ago I had a barrel racing competition; I thought I was going alone, but my family surprised me and showed up. 
My daughter and her family, who live in Colorado, told us that they are planning to move much nearer to us in April! Yay! 
I bought a plane ticket.
It made me happy when I got on the scale and lost 6 pounds.
I got a small raise at my job.
My oldest 2 sons made the A Honor Roll, they've always been on the B Honor Roll, but I was over the moon when they made the A Honor Roll. 
Last month it made me very happy to buy a new cell phone with my own money.
I was struggling with a problem with my elderly mother.  As my wife and I were discussing this unhappy problem, our 8-year old son came up and gave us both hugs just because he wanted us to feel better.
I was happy to see some friends while they were on vacation. 
My husband sizing my wedding ring for me made me very happy because I had not be able to wear it for awhile
My baby girl smiled a non gas-related smile for the first time.
We went cross country skiing.
my son school annual function
Went out on a great first date to dinner and movies.
I am happy when I teach art to my students.
When i was at work last week i had finished all of my work early in the day. My boss was leaving for the day around noon and noticed that i was finished with my work. So he told me i could leave work early and i spent the whole day relaxing. 
After many meetings, phones calls, and emails, I finally got my son accepted to an amazing private school for children with Autism!
I was happy when our friend came over to help us with a project.
I was happy that I went to Universal with some friends. 
When my son made straight excellent and A's on his report card, being slightly Autistic a great accomplishment.
My father-in-law came home safely from the hospital after open heart surgery.
Last month my Uncle and Aunty had visited my house after 3 years. They took me around many places and we went shopping. They took care of me every moment they were with me. They have always been very close to me all these years of my life. Those are memorable moments.
Three weeks ago, I received my Certified Public Accountant license.
I came home exhausted after a long day at work, and my 2 year old ran to me and hugged my leg and yelled "Daddy!".
What made me happy this month was seeing my little brother go to prom. 
I moved out of my old apartment and moved into my first house that I have bought.
I was accepted for an Amazon Mechanical Turk survey that pays $50.
I started my own business and reached my first goal.
My parents decided not to move and will be staying here.
I felt very happy while walking along the river yesterday because the river was so clear and full and running so fast over the rocks. I loved it.
Getting my own internet, I've been sharing internet with my neighbor and it did not work well but now that I have my own internet I'm happy.
My son played his guitar with the band at church.
My son's family birthday party last Saturday made me happy. 
We went to a Literacy Night event at my son's school. My son was well-behaved; my husband came with me, even though I thought he might not; our son's teacher seemed to be very proud of our son's reading skills, and very happy that we came to the event. She thanked us for coming, and for "all the other things" we've done to help the school, which was very nice to hear. My husband even commented, "I think Mrs. [A] really likes us!" afterward.
I reunited with some old close friends whom I hadn't seen in about a year.
A recent happy moment was when my friends and I went to rent a house in Malibu and got to bond with one another. 
Listening to my granddaughter sleep and talk in her sleep.
My first happy moment in the past month was my daughter finally learning how to hold her own head up. She's only a couple of months old, but watching her grow has made me so happy and proud.
I have been attending archery classes and it gives me utter happiness.
I was offered a new job.
Last week I went to the rental office and took the next step to getting my apartment. 
Catching my limit on fish on a day that I didn't expect to catch much, if anything.
I bought a new car.
I went hiking with my daughter and her dog over the weekend. 
I am pregnant and will be having the baby in about 3 weeks. I finally got paint on the walls in the nursery and the furniture set up in that room. It was so exciting and refreshing to finally see the space that my little boy will live set up and in order. It lent to a feeling of hope and excitement for his coming arrival.
It made me happy that my wife found out that she was pregnant.
What made me happy was, going to the Saint Patrickas Day parade with my family and then the after party at the friendly sons of shillelagh.
I went to my sister's house to celebrate my birthday. It was a very happy moment
I was happy because my daughter was accepted to be part of her school math bowl competition. 
I purchased a barely-used car within the last month that was much newer than any previous vehicle I have ever owned.
I got a new personal record in an Olympic weightlifting movement. 
What made me happy in the past month was hearing my daughter say "mama" to me and look me in the eye with a smile while saying it.
In the past month, I had the opportunity to interview for a new job, which told me that my resume can still get bites from potential employers and that made me happy. 
It made me happy to receive a call from my brother, who is in another country that I had not heard in a long time, told me that he is very well and that I am going to be uncle.
I was dropping off my son for a sleepover. He was really excited to go. I dropped him off, he got out of the car, then quickly turned back to me to give me a kiss and then said, "I love you so much!" and ran up the drive way.  He is 12.
In the past month, it snowed here and, if there's one thing I love about the Winter, it's the snow. 
Well I went up north on a trip with my gf didn't have much money and she wanted to go to the casino, 
I went this being my 3rd time ever in a casino she gave me 10 bucks i messed around and lost most of so i went and took out 40 bucks played a cpl machines and got all my money back and hers an made some money so that made me very happy.
Past month, I got a gift from my girlfriend a Laptop that made me happy.  I thought of purchasing one laptop and she gave as a gift that moment make me happy.
I was very happy sitting down to a home-cooked meal with a group of good friends on Saturday night.  
On February 23rd 2017 morning my lovely wife delivered my first male child and heard his crying voice and also felt so happy.
I joined a union
I received a positive employee review and was given a salary raise at my last review session.
I visited my best friend at her school on St. Patrick's day.
Last month i and my family members celebrates a function which is known as Attending new home.
Yesterday, I cleared all my pending tasks such as buying house stuffs etc., then i could spare time for myself. I would like to do this frequently.
Today, a friend of mine gave me a coffee table for my living room for 100% free. I have been hunting for one for a long time!
When I opened the package and saw a plastic bag full of green nugs hiding inside.
partying all night with some old friends was one of the happy moments
My family and I took a vacation to Disney World. We spent a week in Orlando and went to each of the parks plus visited with relatives who live near there.
I had a 3 hour conversation with my ex-girlfriend.
I was happy when I got my driver's license renewed. It had been months since they were expired.
I managed to run for more than 10 minutes!
My favorite soccer team win a competition
My granddaughter called me to thank me for the books I sent her. 
I got a job, my dream job in Bengaluru.
My oldest daughter scored highest on a school project
I had an interview for a dream job
I started a romantic relationship with my best friend.
Organizing a road trip to visit friends in Chicago and Toronto.
After many years, I earned my Doctorate Degree in Seismology.
I was really happy on Saturday when I visited a group of friends that I haven't seen in over 3 years.  The whole afternoon was fun.  It started about 1:30 until about 5:30 PM.  We were really comfortable with each other, catching up on our lives, laughing and eating good food.  The flow was great.  Each person had a chance to share and ask questions.  We mingled well and just enjoyed our time together.  I couldn't believe I hadn't seen them in years!  It was a very easy, fun afternoon.
I was able to get a raise at work.
When I got tickets to fly to Amsterdam,to meet my kids again.
I visited my best friend and spent the whole weekend with her. 
LAST MONTH ONE OF MY CLOSE FRIEND GOT MARRIED ,AFTER LONG TIME WE MET MY SCHOOL FRIENDS IN THAT FUNCTION
One of my aunt was hospitalized for surgery. Her surgery was a success and she was discharged in the last month. She is recovering now and i am very happy to see speedy recovery.
Met an old high school friend during my business trip to Bengaluru.
Being outside in the gorgeous, cloudless blue sky day and feeling the cool breeze on my face. 
Last week I met my childhood friend after a span of 20 years ! It was a moment of joy for me !
I celebrated my fifteenth wedding day with my spouse, family, friends and neighbors.
My stepson decided to love with us after he completes high school in two months.
I completed my taxes.
My wife give me a watch as gift. I have greatly enjoyed in my life
My husband and I went to Florida to visit our daughter.
I brought an used car at a fair rate last week.
What made me happy this past month was passing my PGCert one which is the first hurdle to completing my PhD. 
My friend and I went to the beach when I was in town visiting, and sitting on the sand, listening to music, the ocean, staring up at the clouds was the happiest day this month.
When I watched Dave Chapelle's new comedy series.
WHILE I GOT MARRIED 
My husband got approved for disability so we have more money coming in.
My Daughter secured first prize in her schools drawing competition
I had experienced a technical error during an online qualification test, and this caused me to fail, but a week later I got an email thanking me for noting the problem and granting me the qualification.
Recently I stood up for myself and addressed a work situation involving a co-worker who was passive-aggressive towards me for some time.
This past month I received a promotion and a raise.
One of my students hugged me at the end of a lesson and said "When I grow up, I want to be you!"
Hurray ! It was the best moment ever... Went to trip with my family and friends.. lots of fun..its a water resort and surrounded by  beautiful natural resources... its treat to eyes and heart melt with happiness.. best moment ever. 
We found out that we will be moving later this year.
I was so happy thinking about going to Memphis, seeing Graceland and going to New Orleans on Friday for two weeks.
The girl I like reciprocated my love.
My friends came over for dinner and we laughed until 10:00 pm.
I was happy when I bought new furniture.
I was happy when my son participated in his hockey All-star game.  
aLong ago, men went to sea, and women waited for them, standing on the edge of the water, scanning the horizon for the tiny ship. Now I wait for Henry
we cousins had a get together at one of my cousins home and we had a nice dinner gossip dance etc 
i had been home stuck due to my ocd , the one day it rained really heavy and it continued till night with brief pauses included, but the rain has always made me happy or cheered me up so that day i saw my friend play football in the rain and i finally went out and when i ran in the rain for a few moment i dont know why but i felt content and happy.
What made me happy in the past month was the small accomplishment my daughter with Down syndrome made in her gymnastics class over the past 30 days. She attends once a month and has started showing signs of regression just overall which is typical for some people with this diagnosis as they age.  
A girl I babysit for drew me a picture. 
I was walking with my boyfriend along a lake, in the sunshine, and talking about our pleasant memories. 
One of my classmates who I am not close friends with offered to give me a ride home, which made me happy.
My boyfriend was accepted into his top two choices for graduate school in our top two city choices, Northeastern in Boston and University of Denver in Denver.
Watching my son play at the park yesterday
When I took a cruise to the Bahamas 
I made it to the top of a mountain that tested my abilities as a hiker.
I decided I would be a good time in my life to get a puppy.  I sat down and did a bunch of research and thought a Labrador  Retreiver would be a good fit for the family. Then I found a couple breeding them about 3 hours away and went for an interview.  The breeder thought we would be a great fit for the puppies and we were put second on the list for picking what puppy we would want.
I became happy when I was accepted to be able to take a summer course at my college.
Being with my family on the weekends. Going to my best friends house.
A job opening for a receptionist with the sheriff department was advertised two weeks ago.  The deadline for the application was Monday. I was happy for the opportunity to apply for this position.  I  have done this type of work before in other states and really enjoyed it.  Most jobs in this area are factory, retail or farm related.  (Our county has a high unemployment rate.) This opportunity also forced me to update my resume and references.  Nice to have this done and ready for the next opportunity.
I stated on my diet again and have lost almost 5 pounds in 3 weeks.
Going for my regular walk on weekends
Finally getting a new bed for my boyfriend and I's bedroom.
In the last month, I was happy while I was with friends celebrating St. Patrick's Day. I don't get to see this particular group of friends very often, and we got to hang out ALL day long! It was so refreshing to be around friends who have known me for awhile. There was a lot of laughter, and good memories made. 
The day in tamilnadu, when all my students get gathered in a place in my city, and fought against all over the world, its truly exciting and proud moment in my life, am still very happy about the protesters, also till my death.
My sister, my mom, and I shared a joke.  
We got a new house and a car.
Getting away from my home, wife & mother duties to go to a woman's retreat at the beach for the weekend.


I watched a video of Chuck Berry performing his hit song, "Nadine."
I was happy when I found out that my fiance was able to get her transfer to a new store allowing us to move cross country with some stability.
I am very happy because I have learned much about many things
Some packages I ordered and forgot about arrived a few moments ago.
I felt happy this month when I received great responses to a project that I worked very hard on at my workplace. I put a lot of effort into doing a great job and felt very pleased that it was appreciated by my superiors. 
Getting a job at Universal Studios new park.
When my daughter snuggled with me and told me she loves me at bedtime.
I got to spend a kid-free afternoon to do whatever I wanted to do.
VERY GOOD FAMILY AND CHILDREN
I dropped my children off at the gym childcare and got in a full workout without one of the childcare providers coming to get me because one (or both) of my kids was upset or misbehaving. 
I was very happy when I had internet access installed in my house again!
This month I celebrated spending three years with my wife by taking her back to the lake where I proposed to her. 
I was happy that I finished my beaded pig.  I finished it on Sunday night.  I first saw a picture from one of the bead magazine.  There was no instructions on how to make the pig.  The pig is just too cute and caught my attention so I try to make it just by looking at the picture.  It turns out really good.  I was proud of myself.  I even take some picture and put it up on Facebook.  
The date that I found out that we will be leaving to move to North Carolina
when got a add of a bike with low price and i brought that its good and mint condition
My son started to make more friends at college. I am grateful and happy at the same time. 


I was happy when I got my tax refund from doing my taxes.
Excellent results on school tests for my children.
In the past month I got my salary on time which was not happened earlier in my career life itself. It was very useful for me at the moment as I had very high demand for money at that time.
I hit a production goal at work.
I did something nice for a coworker by buying her a treat. 
I found several quarters on the ground at the car wash
I woke up in the morning and checked my pot that I had planted seeds in and two of the seeds had germinated and sprouted. 
I got a job in an MNC
I was very happy to see my husband after he was away working for the last two and a half months.
My wife lost a significant amount of weight and she looks so lovely.
I was able to purchase a full length mirror with two coupon codes and saved a ton of money, plus they gave me free shipping.
My best friend came to visit me from Austin
A moment that made me happy was when my daughter crawled for the first time.
I went to Laughlin, Nevada and had a very good time with a couple friends.
I went on a mini vacation to Vail, Colorado.
I enjoyed a steak dinner at a local restaurant.
The thing that has made me the happiest over the past month has been time with my grandson.  He has just turned one and is exploring and walking and loves his Gammy.  He is the light of my life and I adore him.  He has a big belly laugh and has just begun giving me kisses, which I just love.
The bakery had my favorite pastry.
I bought a new truck and RV so I could spend more time with my family.
Within the past month what made me the happiest was taking my son and husband to a Harlem Globetrotters game. It was exciting for me because I had never been to a Harlem Globetrotters game and the look of excitement on my sons face was priceless.

I'm learning about investing. I've been reading books, and trying my hand on Robinhood (a free trading app) with a small amount of money. I've recently found a bunch of free youtube videos from some of the world's greatest investors as well as a few college finance professors that post their lectures that are like a complete education in finance and investing. I already have the next couple of months booked out in the massive amount of content I've stumbled across.  It made me very happy to find both the amount and quality of information being provided for free.
I went out with some really good friends to the local bars and we had a lot of fun catching up.
Completing my private pilot's training program and FFA qualification.
Releasing the Box Elder bugs from there container yesterday.
Last month I made over 1200 dollars on mturk and that made me very happy.
My family came to visit and stayed for 4 weeks.  My sister and her husband , my aunt and her husband and my uncle. We went to the lake for 5 days , as well as other day planned events. It was the best month together.
When we had celebrated our son 9th birthday. We were together as a family and at a place that my son had loved. 
Every morning that I wake up and see my husband at the computer I am happy.  Starting in March of last year I was told on almost a daily basis that my husband was going to die.  He is still alive, and his health is constantly improving. I am thankful for every single day I have to spend with this wonderful man.
I had a good performance review with my manager.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
I went to a Game of Thrones live concert experience last Thursday which made me extremely happy.
I received a long awaited phone call from my youngest daughter who lives across the country.
I have finally sold two of my boardgames, that way making some money.
My youngest son began to stand up holding on to an object. 
I got a chance to work for great day on a movie filming in my town starring 2 of my favorite actors. 
I got a salry hike
Being able to hangout with my neighbors before they move. 
My cat came through major dental surgery without dying on the table.
When my poster was accepted to an academic conference.
I have been really depressed lately and afraid to share it with my husband.  He has been very loving and supportive since I told him my feelings.  
I got my tax refund. It mad me happy because I am currently unemployed. I need the money for bills and food. However, it won't last long. 
Go to the amusement park with my family

I played a game with my son and husband. My son was winning and he was very excited each time he got a point. His smile and excitement made me happy.
I bought my brother the video game he's wanted for a while.
I was happy two weeks ago getting together with my best girlfriends and having a girl nights out.  
My neighbor and I went for ice cream cones yesterday. 
I stepped in the snow for the first time in a theme park located in Gramado, a tourist town in the South of Brazil.
I was finally able to pay off a business loan 2 weeks ago. I've been chipping away at the debt for over 3 years.
I won a graphic design contest last week.
My friends came over and helped me build my IKEA bed.
I made a vacation reservation to celebrate my child's birthday at Disney World.
Having sex with my girlfriend made me happy the past month.
During the past month, I returned to earning money online.
I went on a vacation to Cabo, it was my first time to Mexico and my first time flying on my own. 
Three weeks or so after its release, I was able to find a 4-pack of Founders' KBS, a rare beer especially in this part of the country.
I learned that my dad was finally getting a liver transplant after 14 years.
The weather has been weird here in Michigan this Winter and we needed to sell our motor home and the weather cracked and we had some warm days that were not supposed to be here.  It made me SO HAPPY to sell our motor home during this time of unseasonal warmth!  We were able to show it to a bunch of people and this beautiful young couple came and looked at it and bought it the next day.
During the past month, I managed to fix my gaming laptop, meaning I can actually play videogames again!
I got to leave the time-zone I was born in for the first time.
A week ago I had sex, and it was great!
Seeing my niece's face when I presented her with the princess castle cake I had made her.
My sister engagement am happy to see happy forever she doing to marry that person whom she loved
I discovered a lost photo album last week. Looking at the photos made me really happy
I was over the moon when my mum and dad finally saved enough money to buy replacement windows for thier home as they had badly needed them for many years.
Playing with my granddaughter and hearing her laugh!
My son played his first baseball game this month. 
It made me happy when I took my daughter to the hospital and she wasn't upset that we had to go there again.
When my daughter runs into my arms when I pick her up from school.
I am homeless and had used up all the allowed nights in a certain shelter.  I went to a different shelter and was very relieved to learn they had a bed for me, and that after my first week for free, I would not be turned away if I couldn't pay.  The streets are very dangerous here so I was very happy to have a safe place to sleep. 
Making a new friend at a conference.
I was playing golf and I got an eagle (i.e. 3 or a par 5) on the last hole and it was a great feeling.
learning & study make me happy
I was told that I was going to Las Vegas next month for a business meeting. Everything will be paid for and inclusive by my employer.
I went fishing with my family and caught a lot of fish.  My husband, father, son, and I all had a great time.  The weather was great, and the fish were really biting.
They had these unusually beautiful stamps by Oscar de Laurenta at the post office. 
My best friend told me that she is finally pregnant after months of trying!
When I met a girl who I feel very connected to in February. We connect mentally, emotionally, and spiritually. We share a lot of interests, a love for art and very similar taste in music and humor. 
I moved into my new house.
Last week, I took a day off and went on a three day weekend get away trip.
The kids and I visited the zoo with some friends.
Getting my tax refund made me very happy
On 23rd of that month, I was engaged with one girl and soon be married.
When my son wrote his full name meaning first and last all by himself.  I was so proud of him.
Meeting an attractive girl on the dance floor of a disco during a spring break trip to the Dominican Republic. 
Today I was able to take my kids outside to play in the sun for awhile and it felt amazing!
I received a day off on a weekday from work after working six days straight for several weeks.
I got to travel 4 hours away to meet up with some friends and celebrate one of their birthdays. We all just goofed off for a few days while we stayed at a hotel and had a mini birthday party.
I went to a large anime convention for a vacation.
We started building a new house 3 years before and then it has been stopped half-way constructed due to insufficient money. We are living in a village which is in rural area and our new house construction is at urban area where my father purchased a land 24 years before and my father expired 6 years back. After a big struggle, we again start the construction 4 months before and finished the construction last month and we are now at our new well-built house in an urban area. The moment when the opening ceremony of our new house was a happiest moment.
When my husband went in for a scan and we learned that he did not have cancer.
Today I got approved for Visa for UK
I was happy when I was able to visit my long term girlfriend for a week.
My 4 year old Daughter had a idea for a craft and followed through with it without any help.
I received a package in the mail I'd ordered the week before. It was a bench grinder I'd taken over a month to finally decide on. I finally made my decision and anxiously was awaiting the chance to try it out. 
I received an email from red cross saying that my blood is going to save lives in a hospital in state of florida.
I hung out with a friend I haven't hung out with in a while.
Some time spent petting and cuddling with my purring cat. 
My mother and sister flew across the country to visit me for a week
Last week I took a walk with my boyfriend and we danced in an amphitheater we found.
My significant other took me out for a romantic birthday dinner. It was a good day, a wonderful evening, and the glow lasted several days.
.
I enrolled in an online course and I couldn't be happier to continue my education.
This month what made me happy was sitting down and making a plan to get out of debt.
Spending the day with my 7 year old grandsona|he is so much fun!
I was happy when I finished a marthon the past month.
Vacationing with my four siblings in Laguna Beach.
I received a call from a relative I haven't heard in a while








Finding out I was approved for disability payments from social security. It was a relatively fast procedure, as I only had to appeal it once and the appeal decision was made in only one day. I was under the impression I could be waiting years and have to go before a judge. I feel very relieved.
When my 6 month old sat up by himself unattended for the first time.
Last night, I played my trumpet at this bar in Jersey City, NJ.  It was really fun, there was a great audience and everyone was really nice.
we attended the Nationals
When I walked into the coffee shop and saw that my friend was already there waiting for me.
This month was my birthday and it made me happy that my wife took me out for a romantic date. It made me feel special and loved by her and it was nice to get out. 
I won an auction on eBay for a 4th Generation, 64GB WiFi iPad. 
One of the things that made me happy this month is that I went to the doctor and heard all good news.
Throwing a surprise birthday party for my brother.
I got to visit my brother in his home town whom I haven't visited before and it was nice and warm there.
The day i went back home to stay after resigning on a night shift tiring work i felt relieved.
I was happy when I was playing video games online with a friend living far away.
I got a B on a VERY difficult exam.
I was happy when my son went to school after being sick for a couple of days because he's not very pleasant to me even on good days.
I was so happy when my son whos only 2 but will soon be three was accepted into a learning education program he has some difficulties and our pediatrician said this place was the best. I was so excited he passed his testing and reacted well with other students. 
Earning enough money to buy a trampoline for my kids.
I received a phone call from a long, lost friend.
I visited my mother on her birthday and we took a long walk together.
Enjoying the closing of a sale with my business partners in which we worked very hard to complete.
My dog makes me happy a lot. I love spending time with her and playing or just laying on the couch with her. She calms me down and makes my life a lot more fulfilling. 
When I received my Pre-Calc exam and it was easier than I thought it was going to be. I had been studying extra hard for the exam and it made me feel good that my hard work was paying off.
The thing that made me happy in the last month was finally finding a job it has taken me months to find a job and I finally found one. 
I was able to purchase all of the items that I needed for myself without having to worry too much about the cost
My son got the cast off his leg from when he broke it.
I was happy when I got a new fun part-time job.
I was skyping with my friend and she had her baby son on cam and he was smiling and laughing.
I have no skills in doing paperwork and computer stuff but neither did my parents, and they wanted to start their own cleaning company and I was "elected" (forced) to do all the paper work and computer stuff for the business. My father is a veteran so he wanted to have veteran status for the company. for the past 3 months I have been back and forth with the people from the VA about getting the status and submitting proper forms ( they are really about the details and they are really thorough. Anyway the business finally got Veteran Status 6 days ago and I was so happy when we finally got approved.   
The person I secretly love told me that they had feelings for me. 
It made me happy when I had my last Leadership clinical last week. 
I went to dinner with my Dad.
Yesterday i graduated from my masters degree.
visit my old school 
The first thing that made me happy was that i found a job.
When I was promoted 
I successfully defended my master's thesis.
Brother started gaming with me and my other brother.
I called the library yesterday; I forgot my flash drive and the librarian said she had already found it and that she would hold it for me.
I got a new book that I had been wanting for almost a year. 
I finished collecting sample parts to discuss during a customer visit next week.
I was incredibly happy and proud when my daughter transitioned from diapers to potty training almost overnight!
Seeing my Dad, who is a life long musician perform live with friends.  A very special evening that was full of happy emotions and amazement at his talent.  Loved telling everyone "that's my Dad."
It made me happy that my sister wants to try selling her handmade wood crafts, because I believe making your own income is the key to prosperity 
seeing my brother whom I have not seen for over a yer
I was happy when I finally got a package from a shipment after two weeks of waiting. 
Finding out I'm graduating with honors from the university.
the expression of happiness and enthusiasm that my grandmother had (while she was almost unconscious, in a hospital) when she heared that I was next to her 2 days before passing away.
One of my company employee whom I do not know came and wished me on the festival of Holi and put color on me.
Planning a surprise visit with my little sister.
I recently got news that a got a job offer for a position I wanted.
My happy moment on the past month, I went to science exhibition with my college student. Its fantastic and useful for everything. 
I recently went through a very traumatic experience. Although a crisis in my life, it was a turning point. It made me realize what is most important to me, my boyfriend.
The first thing that made me happy this past month was booking a family trip to Walt Disney World, We have not been there for 12 years.  
At my uncle's funeral it was rainy and windy all morning from the time we woke up until about 1pm when we took him to the cemetery where, upon arrival, the sun came out so bright they had to hand out water bottles until he was placed into his mausoleum then began to rain again.  
I was happy when my coworker at my new new job said I was a good librarian.
When I got the courage to go and print my pictures for my art work. I have social anxiety so little stuff are hard.
Yesterday was my birthday and usually I am not honored or get more than a general happy birthday from my family and friends.  But my boyfriend stayed up until one minute after midnight the night before just so he could say he was the first to wish me a happy birthday.  
What made me happy this month is making my son laugh. 
My beautiful wife and I celebrate are wedding anniversary. 
My girlfriend got drunk and was extremely mean to me.  She said some things that she shouldn't have due to the alcohol. When I came home from work the next day, she had a hand written card and dinner waiting to apologize.  It made me feel as though she truly cared about me, and I was grateful to have her.
Watching my daughter perform at the choral arts festival.
Last month i opened a online trading brokerage firm with my partner and i was very happy that we were running this business successfully and satisfied.
While volunteering with a local rescue dog shelter at an adoption event, I was directly responsible for 4 dogs finding new homes.
I was made very happy when I was working with my students and they were able to create and play their own music in about an hour.
I went camping
This past Friday i went rock-climbing with my husband. I was to do a lot most climbing then I expected!
I was very happy when I woke up on Sunday morning and my husband had already gone to the store, made breakfast, gotten me coffee, and taken out the trash.
The day when my sisters and I went shopping at a craft store and had lunch together.
I was very happy when I went on a bike ride. As I was riding my bike I saw a dog running across a semi busy street. I got closer to the dog and saw that he had a collar and leash on with no person. Luckily, the dog came to me after a bit of coaxing and I located his owner based on his license tag and I got him back home. 
This month I was very happy when i beat my own personal record, and was able to do 20 standard push ups.
My grandfather was examined for cancer and he was found to be cancer free.
Hanging out with my dad watching college basketball made me happy this weekend.
I got a raise at work.
I bought a new car.
I was accepted into graduate school.
today after my daughters nap i asked her if papa visited her, which my grandpa papa has passed away, and she said yes. it brought me great happiness and i still feel it now.
The moment I was accepted for a position.
. The day I enjoyed married my spouse. 
The day my son took his first step in the pool in swimming lessons.
I felt happiest this month, because I got married.
I went to native to visit my parents
I got a raise.
I reached a goal in a video game that I was playing.
I found out that merit raises have been approved for this spring.
My happy moment this month was having a patient of mine tell me thanks the day after I made her bed, after she had left the ward for a procedure.
My son was able to have some friends over for a birthday party.
I found out that I was promoted at work.
Passing my midterm exams
I went on an old fashioned date with a friend.
I was able to help a friend teach a church class on short notice and felt prepared and competent.
Watching the Star Wars Rebels show. I get to relax and enjoy it! It is a happy moment for me!
I bought a puppy. It is the first time I have ever had a pet.  I always wanted one.  I wanted a husky all of my life.  However, i recently decided after fixing eyes with a golden doodle i felt in love.  I got the pet and it is the best experience of my life.  She is so loving and loves to cuddle.  She keeps me happy every time i see her.
Yesterday I turned in my initial paperwork for retirement.
I started a new unit of business.
I became very happy when my boyfriend bought me a new car!
I reached out to a game dev community to see if anyone needed help brainstorming about the game they were creating. One of the people who responded and I got along really well, and we went back and forth about his game, and he really liked my ideas. He gifted me a few hundred dollars to build my own PC so that I could make games too.
I got a perfect score on a college exam. 
My daughter's first birthday party went really well.
I took my oldest son to his first concert, we saw an Irish punk band. He's 4 years old and absolutely loved it, and all the people were extremely supportive at the show. He even got to meet several band members and got drum sticks to take home.
I recognized that a sick pet was getting better.
I finally put together enough money to purchase a new laptop that I have been working toward for well over four months! It was an amazing fulfilling moment. 
One moment that made me happy this past month was taking my family on an outing to drink and hit golf balls.
In the last month, I received a promotion and a raise after nearly two years of hardwork and patience.
On tuesday I got a surprise birthday present.
I had many moments of happiness in the past month, but one that stands out is when my boyfriend came over and we just sat and cuddled on the couch as we watched tv.
I made bonus at work.
I read a wonderful book called Clothes, Clothes, Clothes...I love the book and I admire the woman who wrote it. I was happy to read the book and learn about this extraordinary musician.
I got promoted to a management position at work and got a raise along with it.
Thinking about moving to costa rica
I recently received a new golf putter that I had wanted for a while.
I was accepted to the Cell and Molecular Biology PhD program at the University of Pennsylvania.
I spent some quality time with my aging uncle who has Parkinson's disease and isn't doing well. 
My women being with her
My parents came to visit me for my birthday and my mother spent the day with me.
Hangout with my friends like window shopping
My little sister and her family came for a two week visit. I got to hold my baby niece for the first time! I am still happy over this event, as they have just left for their new home, so the joy has not left yet.
After a bad evaluation at work, my husband hugged me and told me not to worry; I'd find a new job.
I was able to spend time with a close friend I hadn't seen in a year.
I graduated from a medical program. 
When I found out my new favorite artist has a concert at the music hall in the town next to me in June. 
A happy moment that I had this past month was when my youngest son recalled some facts from our history class on his own without prompting, and he was able to hold a conversation with his classmates and teacher about the history facts.
What made me happy this past month was getting a gift from my mother and sister. It was a new phone case since my old one was looking in bad shape so it was exactly what I needed.
I watched my niece and nephew for a weekend. One night when I tucked them into bed my niece wanted hugs and kisses over and over again. Usually she gives me one of each and goes to bed. After three huge hugs and kisses she told me that she loves me so so much and couldn't wait to see me in the morning. As I was leaving her room she told me she had one more question. When I asked her what it was she said I love you so much! I couldn't help but smile for the rest of the night.
I was happy when I bought and received a new guitar. 
I was very happy when I purchased my brand new car, it is the first one I have ever owned.
I had a bad day at work, and after talking to my boyfriend about it, he surprised me by taking me out to my favorite restaurant. 
Today I, someone with only a bachelors degree and less than 2 years of gene editing experience, successfully explained a novel gene editing tool (eSpCas9) to a PhD with ~6 years of experience. I explained it in depth and with an understanding of how all Cas9 systems work that I simply didn't think I had in me, and I did not understand any of it just last week. 
I took my four children to the dentist and none of them had cavities I was so relieved and happy. 
My dog ran around all over the house, so excited to see me come home!
Being off work for a week and not having any commitments.
I was happy when my work hours were restored to full time (after being reduced across for budgetary reasons) and we even started getting opportunities for overtime.
The most recent thing that made me happy was going out to coffee with my sister and spending time catching up on the news with each other. 
I purchased a 40 inch flatscreen tv for my bedroom
I went to watch movie with a friend who is a cute girl, it was fun.  We jokes, and the movie was pretty entertaining.
I got hired after 2 years of unemployment.
My tax return was accepted.
Last week I was very happy to take a trip to visit my family.
I was happy when I found out a week ago Monday that I had matched into an orthopaedic surgery residency
Going to the beach and watching a large flock of pelicans floating in the ocean nearby brought a smile to my face. It was nice to be at the beach, and for several hours, not have to worry at all about the mundane everyday things that sometimes can cause stress. It was a beautiful day, a nice escape.
I completed the Bataan Memorial Death March, a 26.2 mile hike through the desert at White Sands Missile Range, NM. 
Once I finished my presentation at university everyone started clapping and lecturers praised for a great choice of words to send a message to the audience.
I was happy when my mom received news that she is still cancer-free.

Our son has learned a new skill. My wife and I have been practicing flash cards with our 2 year old and he has them down pat. The flash cards are a 4 year old level and he's only two.
There was a horrible storm that blew through our town, and miraculously no one was injured.
This morning, after a lot of very hard work, I was approved for my home loan and I will be closing on it tomorrow morning.
Several times in the past week my work has been complimented by upper management.
i bought a LED TV by replacing older TV. i am very happy to see programmes.
I was happy this past Sunday because for the first time in a long time my husband came to church with me and our son. 
One reason that experiences (and memories of those experiences) make us happier than material things is due to the entire cycle of enjoyment that experiences provide: planning the experience, looking forward to the experience, enjoying the experience, and then remembering the experience. Make your home a gallery of positive memories. 
When I watched the movie John Wick: Chapter 2.
What truly made me happy in the last month is that I finally got a job after endless searching for a year.
My baby started walking.
Literally, stopping to smell a beautiful rose while walking my dogs.
Shortlisted For IBM
On a Tour to Bangalore to visit my daughter and friends
I placed second in a swimming race in my city.
My spouse got a promotion
Successfully earned an internship opportunity for summer 2017 in my field of education.
I remember cooking a nice dinner for girlfriend last week. 
It  was my daughter's Grand Marriage with  Beautiful Amenities and Quality food
Today when i woke up, i got a call for interview, I have given interview and i got selected for senior position.
My four months old baby started to crawl and sit. It was very cool moments to watch, how he struggles to catch up each positions was lovely.
When I received a check I was not expecting, that made me happy.
i have went to swimming pool with my friends as a gang 10 members. really enjoyed lot. 
I met up with a good friend I hadn't seen in almost a year.
I finally got a call with a job offer.
when my friends came over to celebrate my 30th birthday
I went to a store to buy some fabric and a husband and wife were working there, I think they owned the shop. Anyway, I was looking for fabric for a project and I found the most awesome silk shantung in the perfect color. As I paid the husband asked me if I was from India. I'm not, but it's always nice when someone wants to adopt you into their ethnic group. When I finished paying he gave me a cute little bracelet for free. It was a really small thing but it made me smile.
After 7 years of my married life i had a chance to meet one of my best School friend with his family. He lives in Singapore. He traveled down to India for a vacation. He came home to meet me. We were talking about our school days. The playful days will never comeback. The school playground, cycle stand, canteen and mainly school auditorium where we used to have lots of fun. We went around the beautiful places where we used to often sit and chat. 
Bought a new mobile
I got a new job easily after loosing my old one.
I was so happy when we went to pick-up our son from his week long spring break visit with his grandparents.
Last week while walking home from work I cam across twenty dollars on the sidewalk. There was no one around and it made me happy to come across such a large amount of money.
There was a temple festival going on near my house, me and my wife visited there almost three days and we met many friends and relatives there, and the most happy thing for me is that two people watched me and my wife for a long time ( that we came to know only later), and they asked their mother who that couple is and they really look made for each other and their mother know me very well and she said about us.  This matter came to known only when my uncle visited their house and she told this thing to him and he all of a sudden contacted my mother and said this matter.  Hearing that matter we both became very happy and still that gives me good feeling.
I would like to talk about the event that I can still remember vividly regarding my success in the board exam. The moment I heard that I had been awarded a scholarship based on my performance in the board exam, I became the happiest man in the world. 
I was happy when my professor talked about new information in class.
Getting to see my family a couple of weeks ago was quite nice, since we do live a bit away from each other.
I won a contest at my job for top sales.
I came home last month. I saw Wendy. She was still waiting me. That things make me happy 
i got a government job in the last year i struggle lot of years for the job and i attended many exams and interview but in last year i get a that job that was wonderful moment in my life 
Mu son had a birthday arty.He is a 3 years old and give me the all happiness of the world
We have no child. but in neighbour have a cute baby. i can recognize how she is understand my feelings. i am really happy with that baby. 
I saw my sister after long days in our favorite place.
Last month 8th was my marriage anniversary. My husband surprised me with sudden gifts and party. i was so surprised and felt very happy on that day. The whole day my husband was with me and we spent the whole day outside eating, playing, watching movie. It was a memorable day to me.
I participated in a competition and I won the competition. 
There are many days in life that bring joy and pleasure but some days are the happiest and remain in our mind forever. These days are the reminders of the amazing time we have spent. The happiest day of my life is a visit to an orphanage. The happiness I felt that day is no match with any other day of my life.
I am happy because I finished my project successfully.
I asked a coworker out on a date and she accepted. 
I increased my monthly earning on Mturk.
i got the unlimited offer in Airtel.
My dad getting a good report from the doctor
I have been running a lot more 
I managed to sell lots of my artwork at local craft markets.
Finishing this term of school 
Being able to travel with my friends to Nashville, to experience something none of us had before.
Not being pregnant anymore has made me very happy.
My daughter gave me a hug, and cuddled with me. 
Two weeks ago I was nominated for "employee of the week."
What made me happy was going to the movies and seeing Beauty and the Beast.
I made $600 on mturk in one week. I was able to do whatever I wanted the entire week. 
I'm finally about to buy a car. My savings just got their few days ago. Now I'm looking. It's exciting.
I was happy this past month when my family and I went out to eat at the olive garden- it was a really happy and exciting time because I had not been to olive garden in 4 years and I really love their food.
Seeing a good paycheck
The library has been so impressed with my volunteering they have asked me if I want to take on additional responsibilities.
My son told me a very funny joke.
Finding out my lost keys were picked up and returned to the store for me to pick up.
Helping my friends move into their amazing new house and seeing their smiling faces made me happy
go to hotel,park,beach,cinema so enjoyed in the birthday celebration
I WAS HAPPY THEN THAT I WAS ABLE TO GO THROUGH EveRY  TRIALS I MET ON MY WAY TOday
An other event that happened this past month that made me feel really happy was when i was going through the star bucks drive through, on my way to work and when i got to the window the driver in front had paid for my morning coffee.
I went to a friends birthday party. I have known them for almost ten years and it is always fun to see them under such fun circumstances as a birthday.
Being able to spend time with my family has also made me happy this month because i rarely see them.
I had a good chat with my friend through twitter.
I got a bonus at my for $500.00 to buy whatever I wanted to buy without paying for a bill.
I was able to walk into a target and buy a Nintendo switch on launch day.
I dyed my hair a brand new color.
One thing in the past month that made me happy was that my husband bought me gravity boots; we had been going back and forth between getting a pull up bar for a while, because that's what he wanted, or an inversion table, which is what I wanted, but in the end he surprised me and got me gravity boots which are special boots to hang off a pull up bar so you're still upside down so I'm happy that he bought what he wanted but still took into consideration what I wanted.
I went to beach with my family last week.
I was able to help a relative with car accident expenses.
I finished a big project at work.
Getting my dog fixed.
I got a haircut that made me look 10 years younger.
I saw an young boy selling lemonade on the side of the road and it reminded me of my childhood. 
I bought several books for cheap that would allow me to study well for an upcoming test.
I bought a new cell phone with latest features and specifications.
I was treating my sons family to Sunday lunch and I caught my very intelligent 16 year old grandson off guard and made him laugh.
My husband made me dinner as a surprise, and we spent a nice evening together. 
My sports team won in overtime.
I was happy when I was able to get my prescription changed easily without having to schedule a doctor's appointment. 
A client congratulated me on my work
The day that my kids were busy and I got to go all by myself and eat a Tom's Gryo

I reached a weight loss milestone.
Our friend treated my husband and I to a nice steakhouse dinner and we had a really nice evening.
meeting old friend last sunday
My son got his report card last week and he did really well. His grades were much higher than last quarter and I couldn't be happier. I'm proud of him.
My daughter just wants to give my baby daughter kisses and cuddles all the time.
I traveled to a state I had never been before.
Last month I paid off the rest of the money owed on a cruise that I will be attending next month and I am over the moon that it is done.
My husband surprising me with flowers.
Within the last month I got an actual report date for my technical school.
I made employee of the month and received a gift card.
I cleaned out my room.
I saw my friends from high school.
Completing my goals thru hard work.
My husband and I agreed on a granite color for our kitchen remodel. This may seem small but it was an on going struggle for a few months now. 
I left my ex girlfriend and the bad relationship I was in.
I could help a student to buy study materials who was best at his studies,but unable to support financially by his family
I went to the vet recently and they were finally able to tell me what was causing my dog's excessive itching. 
I place in the top 8 of my local card shop and got a good prize. 
I found a great deal on two new fishing poles with open bail reels, two for thirty dollars!
Watching my younger child aged 3 performing in a dance competition for the first time.
My colleague complimented my writing. 
When my thighs started to shrink from a low protein diet. I ate low carb and worked out hard 7 days a week 2 hours a day. I ended up super skinny except with a big butt and thighs (athletic). I look funny though because I am extremely, extremely thin on top and a size 6 or 8 on the bottom.
I found out I was going to florida for vacation.
I went to my local grocery store and saw a local celebrity who took time to take a picture with me.
My mom sent me a box of my favorite foods in the mail.
I'm glad to have stuck to my diet today. 
My brother visited my home. He bought me my favorite chocolates.
My oldest son got accepted into a great High School and is excited about it.
got off probation. i won a lotto scratch off. i finally cussed somebody off that needed it.
I got my first paycheck since going back to work.
My blood text is normal
Completing DIY backyard project with my husband a couple weeks ago.  It was a spontaneous decision to go to Ikea to purchase flooring for our patio.  We had a fun time working on it together and are super pleased with the final result.
When my son showed me his report card and his grades went up due to all the hard work we had him to to improve. And it showed. 
My best friend came from out of state to visit for a long weekend.
Mother made for me a new dish and I just want to say only one thing regarding this......It took to me to the HIGH CLOUDS.....
Getting my prescription medicine hassle free made me happy. 
I was very happy to watch my daughter learn how to run and growl.
A couple of weeks ago, a funny thing happened while I was working, and I called my sister in L.A. to tell her and we shared a laugh.
I spent a day with my son walking downtown on a scavenger hunt for help wanted signs to use in the Job Seeker app on my phone and had a nice lunch with him at Jimmy Johns.
My wife gave me a massage after a long day of work.
I found a twenty dollar bill on the floor at the laundry mat...the place was empty except for me and the attendant. Finders keepers.
I received some extra hours on my paycheck.
I bought my new computer, and once it arrived, was set up, and I became comfortable with the new operating system I was very happy.
i was able to win a tennis tournament
I was happy when I bought Sniper Elite 4 mid-February.
In the past Month I beat my running record 
Watching our friends get married.
I went to the thrift store yesterday and that always makes me happy. 
I planned an upcoming vacation during Easter break with my wife.
I had a pleasant outing with friends recently.
My husband started working more after having his hours cut back A LOT.
My husband wanting to take me on a date for our upcoming wedding anniversary made me so happy.
I had a dinner with a group of friends I don't often see.
The Red-Winged black birds are back at the bird feeders! A sure sign of spring!
My dad gifted me a wrist watch.
I got to see a good friend i haven't seen in over a year.
Earlier this month I paid off two entire bills that were in collections which made me very happy.
My boyfriend gifted me ring as a token of love and I was extremely happy.
Dad tells me he is proud of me. Nothing can recreate that feeling of knowing your dad is proud of you

I went to a pool party and my friends liked the girl I brought.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.

I always think of each night as a song. Or each moment as a song. But now I'm seeing we don't live in a single song. We move from song to song, from lyric to lyric, from chord to chord. I like pingami movie song.
my best friend is come my life again and never go back :)
I received flowers from my partner today.
last month i got a amount from an insurance company which makes me happy.
I planted a spring vegetable garden.
I got around to taking a photo I wanted of a landmark near my home.
I am work in the mturk. So i earn money in dollar. But i am indian in my city dollar does not meet the value, so i must be convert the dollars to rupees to use for my own. I tried most of the ways and styles but i cant find any thing that required for me. Then i finally found the way to convert the dollar in efficient , But it also something bad in it. It takes too much time to converting. But i had no other way to do that. So i did it. past month only i got that money into my bank  account. this makes me sooo happy
I was able to run 9 miles without stopping even though I hadn't run all winter.
When my dad bought me a puppy from the shelter. 
I booked by ticket to go to Iceland with my best friend for June. 
Spending time with my nieces.
I won a really tough game of DOTA after being behind for most of the time.
I had dinner with my significant other.
Two days ago, i saw my childhood friend Ramesh. That feeling very happy.
After long time we went to hotel
My best friend invited me to join him in July to go see another one of my favorite bands Primus peform at an outdoor venue which I have never been to before and have only seen Primus once before so i am super exited and was really happy that he invited me to go with him! 
Something that made me happy in the past month was when my dog greeted me today when I got home. 
My poem was published in a local magazine.
My manager inform me that I got promotion in my job.
I found some clothing on sale at a store I like.
When my son go to school and coming from school with a big smile face.
I cooked my first home made meal, Previously it was either my mother who cooked or the ladies I date
Another thing that made me happy this past month was celebrating my birthday as well as a friends birthday on the same day.
my marriage , when i got married with my girl friend. that time i was very happy and lucky . my life partner was my girl friend. 
The guy I've had feelings for for a long time finally kissed me.
I purchased a new 4x4 Jeep to take on the Elk Hunt.
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.[3] Since the turn of the millennium, the human flourishing approach, advanced particularly by Amartya Sen has attracted increasing interest in psychological, especially prominent in the work of Martin Seligman, Ed Diener and Ruut Veenhoven, and international development and medical research in the work of Paul Anand
Finishing up work after a long and grinding day of court.
Dinner tonight was really good. 
It made me happy to successfully complete a program I'd been working on.
I received a bonus from work.
I was told I did an amazing job at work and was highly valued.
The day with my lovely daughter
My husband give me a stylish watch.
Going out for a family dinner with my family.
I went to the zoo last weekend! I'm an avid animal lover and I like learning about them. I made my parents come to the zoo with me. We saw monkeys, swans, geese, giraffes, elephants, tigers, lions, cheetahs, birds (a lot of them), penguins, polar bears, and we hand fed lorikeets and deer. 

The day my friend got his new job
Playing poker with my sister made me happy.
Went to the university restaurant and found out they were serving beef stroganoff.
My happiness had its complement when I was called to congratulate myself for my graduation of an intensive course of programming. I felt expert in technology.
I made it through a difficult exam after intensive studying.
Watching a damn good foreign language movie which depicts pure life. I watched it twice which is incredibly un usual.
I won an art contest for fifteen hundred dollars.
Riding in the elevator in the arms of the guy I liked and getting a kiss and a long look before going to bed.
Because of my work pressure I have no time to spend  with my family. But last month I got one saturday evening free. At that time my wife prepared Ragi Vadai (Maize Vadai) to me, it is just like my grandma's preparation. At that time I am so happy.
It was raining one night and I had my dog, my cat, a good CD on and reading my Kindle. I felt as content as I have in a while.
I went to get food with a couple friends.
I cooked my boyfriend an awesome meal of steak and veggies. Turned out great!
I saw an old friend and made chocolate cake for him.
I was finally able to purchase a new phone when I needed to get one for quite a while.
Another moment that made me happy was learning that someone I'm pretty interested in shared a pretty cool interest with me. We were talking and I brought my hobby up, and she mentioned that she did the same thing! It was so cool to hear because I was yet to meet anyone who had the same hobby, and it made me super happy that she of all people shared it with me. We already had a lot in common, so hearing that just made me so happy.
I got more prizes from my friends and family
Talking to my sister via FaceTime.
My husband professed his unconditional love today and showed a lot of optimism.
I went out to see the movie, Beauty and the Beast with some friends.
I see a special very funny animal video.
My favorite college basketball team did very well in the tournament and that made me happy.
There are certain moments in popular culture that feel so right, where something happens in stories that feels so good and so appropriate in the story, that you can't help but be moved by it. Usually when seeing a character taking a Woobie under his/her wings.
I had a really pleasant interaction with a bank teller yesterday who helped me increase the withdrawal limit on my debit card since I needed some extra money for materials for above-said renovations. I know this for many, this may be a minor deal, but for me, a classic introvert who normally finds these sorts of encounters rather off-putting, it was quite a happy occurrence.
When my son got recovery from their disease
I had a good experience that we are involving in a same continuous statements that are to be involved in farthest condition
The fruits of my labor a a packaging design a were printed and I received some really great recognition for it.
My sister
After almost 3 years without seeing my half brother, who was in the army working overseas. It was a great moment to saw him coming off the plane after so long time. I did cry a little because we used to be very close, but as we are on separated paths we don't talk that much. We went to a local bar and spent 7 hours there just talking and remembering old times.
Having a date with my crush
I purchased a new variety plant and two days ago a new flower come from it.
I cooked lunch for my family and they liked the new recipe and asked me to do it sometime again.
Getting my phone charger back made me quite happy. I accidentally left it with a friend and I haven't been able to charge my phone the last two days till I was able to get it back.
I visited with a old friend, that I have not seen in years.
Although sad and depressing at the same time, this still gave me small feelings of "happiness," or hope. I thought about my ex often, thinking about how even though we could no longer talk to each other, he had the intention to wait for me till he could talk to me again in a few years. Just entertaining that possibility gave me feelings of hope and I felt content because of that, even though I missed him. 
I was happy this month thinking about how I could entertain my friends by sending them funny Snapchat photos.
I bought some new hand sanitizers that smell really good.
I went a journey with my friends one week ago.
going to the gym
I made a new friend at my daughter's school. 
An acquaintance paid back $150 he owed me.  I didn't really expect him to pay it back.
I really appreciated getting a great review from my boss at work, who gave me positive feedback after a tough day.
I recently signed up for the MSF basic riding course. Happy to be riding a motorcycle within the next few months.
I built and installed a screen printing press in my garage.
I am happy that I made new friends on a web forum that I frequent, and they have accepted me as one of their own.
I had a week long visit from a good friend I have not seen(in person) for 13 years.
My husband and me fighting we are not celebrating my birthday 
When my puppy learned tricks and did something rather cute. Of course she had to put her paws over her face and act like she was washing it.
A few weeks ago, my significant other returned from a long trip, and spending the evening with them made me feel happy and relaxed. 
I went for a night drive alone.
My result came and I scored distinction
When I finished my three month work out routine.
I spent time with my 12 year old niece teaching her how to play basketball.
"There are none happy in the world but beings who enjoy freely a vast horizon"--said Damodara, when his herds required new and larger pastures.

I am on leave from work to spend time with .Y.family. 
My happy moment was going out to dinner with my husband and son this week:
I met up with some friends for a birthday party and saw some I hadn't seen in awhile.
I got a bonus at my job that I have been working at for six years.
When I gave a whole dollar to a lil girl because she asked for a donation. 
I was very happy that my husband purchased tickets for me to a live concert dinner for my birthday. I have always wanted to visit that restaurant and he was able to give it to me as a birthday present. I was very happy and am very ecstatic to go to the concert.
I SPEND MOST OF TIMES WITH MY FRIEND
I am happy when I get to eat dinner with my family
When I finally earned $10 on Mturk.
Took an injured dog to a vet and was able to save its life
my father was retired in his post of It professor we conduct the function of his retirement every one in his office speaks about my father working past experience in his work i feel proud about my father
I make chicken fry in my home and ate some pieces with spicy taste.
Something that made me happy was having a day off and enjoying time to myself without any work related things stressing me out. 
My baby is recovered from a severe illness and he is now having a good time.
I completed my taxes and found that I have a decent size refund coming.
i was gifted a bike of my favourite color
I finally received a copy of the video game Doom for the PC that I have been waiting for almost a week and got to finally play it.
when i play skateboard with my comrade then i fall they cheer me up and encourage to do it again.. when i land it perfectly that the sweetest happiest moment of my life 
I finished a complicated task at work and received praise from an executive.
My ex wrote me on Valentine's day to wish me a happy day.
last month 25th I got a school admission for my son's . last 2 months we were trying to get the admission. He attended so many interviews .  finally he got the admission . That made  me very happy 
The guy across the street smoked a brisket and gave me a plateful.
Last week I enrolled myself in a lottery system and two days after enrolling I got a news that I was gained with a third prize in lottery worth $75.It was a lucky and gold moment for me.
It made me happy to see my best friends and her kids.
When I realize that the remodeling process of our home is almost completed and the turnout is great.
I checked my MTurk account and I found out I had made over $1000 in a month and a half.
I got appreciation from seniors at office.
Going to the movies with my wife.
I received a promotion and a raise at work.
yesterday before i bought one iphone 7 it is very nice to use nice moment
met my old school friends that was fun and happy moment
My co-worker and I joked around about different treats and I made a really ridiculous pun that made us both laugh until we cried.
Well being single now i have all the free time in the world to do the things i like without any percussions.Ah its so nice to have my life back again touche'.
I bought myself some new clothes on amazon after waiting a while to finally do it.
I like mosquito
Boyfriend and I spent a weekend in a beach time, it's a bit chilly but we have a great time.
I went to the zoo last weekend! I'm an avid animal lover and I like learning about them. I made my parents come to the zoo with me. We saw monkeys, swans, geese, giraffes, elephants, tigers, lions, cheetahs, birds (a lot of them), and deer. A simple zoo was enough to make me happy and smile continuously for days.
I was working on my laptop and suddenly a parcel arrived from and it had my favorite book called The secret . I didn't know who sent it , because i participated in a secret book exchange . But i felt very happy to receive and read it .
Soon my best  friend(11 years of friendship) is getting married to her love.
We bought a new car and it is the one which one I am long waiting. My dream came true.
My family and I spent the day at our friend's house. We had barbecue and hung out together. We had a few beers and enjoyed the peasant weather in his backyard.
I finished a complex knitting project.
I was happy when I knew I could pay rent and the power bill.
I went to a trip for a resort with my family and it made me very happy
A long drive to cool hill station with my friends
I successfully baked delicious chocolate chip cookies from a friend's recipe that I've previously failed multiple times
When I was communicating with my sisters when my dad was in the hospital, I was genuinely happy that we were all on the same page, rooting for my dad's health to improve.
I got prize for my hard work in local association, it made me happy
Enjoying time with my husband, We went to the springs & enjoyed one on one time with one another.
Today I met my old friend after along time. Itas been almost two years since I saw her. After we graduated, weave separated. She got married and left the city. I donat know what happened to her then. Today was a bliss day, I was walking through college in my long break and I saw her by coincidence. At first I didnt recognize her because her physical appearance has changed a lot. But she still as she was, friendly and lovely. I was the one who start the conversation and keep telling her about our old days and how we known each other. We talked and weave been sharing all our memories and how was she doing in all that 2 years. Today we were not only meeting each other after long but also were introducing our new friends we met at college. Then we lunched and weave planned to visit each other. I really enjoyed today. My day has been made.
i went to see the Reverend Horton Heat at the Lincoln theater in Raleigh, NC the other night. One of the best guitar players of all time, playing in an iconic theater with a phenomenal sound system is all I could talk about for a week. 
I made some money in the stock market.
I got the invigilation duty for class X board exams this year.  This is the first time get the duty after 19 years of work.  This has given me a tremendous joy and satisfaction.
Getting to rising star rank in Rocket League
I finished my Executive MBA exams and i felt happy and relieved after the exams.
At the end of the month I was give bonus which enabled me to buy a new car.
Friday night realizing I get to have my husband for the entire weekend makes me happy, this feeling evaporates sometime around Saturday PM and is completely gone by Sunday as the weekend draws to a close.
I stumbled upon a youtuber called Markiplier who's really funny and has a great personality.
i am happy that there are certain things in the world need from me i am willing to give into that also i like my privacy.. THis hit is wonderful always gettting me some money just for a 5 minutes of work.
i went zoo to realize how they really feel in the cage but they have to live in jungle not in zoo...it was the nature i saw in jungle it was so bad to see the animals in the zoo......must go and see the animals in jungle that will be amazed then i feel my jungle trip which was good i was feeling like something special.....it is very good to see the animals in jungle if you want to really see them all must go and enjoy as i did 
My son turned 7 years old, and lots of people showed up to celebrate with him.
When I was offered a promotion to move to Dallas and be the Terminal Manager.
My daughter did a dance program after a long month break, she did well in that , every relatives and friends appreciate that and i am very happy at that moment. 
walked on rain with my friends for reaching home from my college.
When someone told me that I had a good heart and that I was a helpful person.
I heard the sound that persisted my name 
Past month I got a award for being a talented teacher award from the school n got a promotion 
I watched a movie that wanted to see since last 1 year but was not getting time for it.
whwn i complete my study I am happy
A special hug from my girl friend made me feel awesome
I met with my school friends and enjoyed a lot.
Seeing my friends after being away for five months.
My daughter got a new outfit that she wore and looked absolutely adorable.
My package that I had been waiting on came in. In this package is an item that I need to make a birthday present. I now hope to finish the birthday present in time. The present is a surprise, and is something I've been thinking up a long time, so I'm chomping at the bit to gift it. 
I visited my parents and spent time with them.
It was a very memorable moment for me last month as i met my old class mate after 10 years.We did have a nice time together and i was really very much happy
My maternal uncle got married. As it vanishes my parents tension to his marry. 
My mother showed some affection towards me, She has never did such things earlier.
Every day, think as you wake up: today I am fortunate to be alive, I have a precious human life, I am not going to waste it." Wow. What a wise man. I tend to wake up with a strong visceral reaction that says, "Attention human beings: Be afraid of me before coffee. Be very afraid!" Setting a daily intent makes a huge difference. Your daily intent could be something like "be productive" or "enjoy today's delicious moments" or it could be something more specific like "say thank you to my loved ones today." But it should not be another "to do" item on your list.
Winning money from the lottery. I have been very focused using the Law of Attraction and welcoming money and abundance into my life and doing meditations and I'm seeing the results! I won a few good amounts this month and I know more is on the way! It feels good to be a winner! I will be a multimillionaire!
I planted some plants in my garden.  My plants were grown in a healthy way with flowers.  I am so excited.  
I went for a stroll along with my dog in the nearby dog park and loved watching my dog enjoy and play with the other dogs there.
my previous company dispatched my balance salary it was made me happy   
The birthday of my mother, we had a great party and we had super all my relatives, my mother and me.
My dogs made me happy
Yesterday, I walked to the door of my porch and -- looking out -- saw that 'Spring had sprung' (so to speak) because of the new growth of grass and flowers that I observed, and the amount of birdsong I heard; I felt that Winter was truly past.
I was walking my dog when this guy I don't really know but have seen around confronted me about not picking up my dog waste which I always do and I told him off good. He backed down to me so fast it was funny and it made me happy.
I went to the zoo last weekend! I'm an avid animal lover and I like learning about them. I made my parents come to the zoo with me. We saw monkeys, swans, geese, giraffes, elephants, tigers, lions, cheetahs, birds (a lot of them), penguins, polar bears, and we hand fed lorikeets and deer. Things like animals, even wild animals in their natural habitats make me happy.
Our neighbor due to some misunderstanding because of our house keeping maid was not in good relationship with us for the past days and one day my neighbor through the maid itself came to know the total mistake was due to the maid and my neighbor immediately gave me a hug and said sorry for her behavior and till this moment we were in good relationship and this incident made me very very happy.
Last month i went to meet my distant relation and i had not met him for many years and i was very happy to see him and he greeted me very well and i shared with him how i cared for him and i had lunch in his house and returned evening to my home.
I received bonus with my salary last month made me happy.
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I got to see one of my friends that I havent seen in a long time and we got to catch up.
I finally got to see Star Wars Rogue one, and in the end princess Laila was back, young as ever. it was so nice to see her again.
We went to the city for a couple days and got to see the sights.
I finally reached my goal on my deadlift exercise.
i was attending my children school function.he was the first rank holder in his class.he got a prize for that in a stage by the chief guest.i also invited to the stage to get it.that was a happiest moment in my life
My pet cat Dolly was confirmed to be pregnant which made me very happy since i was waiting for a long time for her to get pregnant. 
i was attending my children school function.he was the first rank holder in his class.he got a prize for that in a stage by the chief guest.i also invited to the stage to get it.that was a happiest moment in my life
I was paid a bonus in my paycheck.  The bonus was unexpected and much needed.  It was an exciting and very happy moment especially when I confirmed it wasn't in error.
last night i had a dinner with my family.
I was happy after I clean my turtle enclosure out.
I spoke to my parents on Skype.
My kids and I did an art project together and we all worked together on it and felt pride in our work afterward.
When my spouse prepared my favourite meal, was dressed in a beautiful attire and we had quality time after a tiresome day. 
The day I got my tax refund!
My next happy moment is every night when I get to chat with my best friend online; although, it makes me a lot happier when I can see her in person.
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest moment in my life.
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest moment in my life.
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest moment in my life.
I went to tour with my wife that moment unforgettable moments. 
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest moment in my life.
Winning the chess completion.
I HAVE RECEIVED BEST STUDENT AWARD FROM MY COLLAGE IS MY BEST HAPPIEST MOMENT...
Watching the movie Pursuit of Happiness.
MY HAPPIEST IS MY COLLEGE DAYS, BECAUSE WEEKLY TWO OR THREE DAYS WE BANK. THE CLASS AND GO TO FILM BEACH ANY RESORT THIS MY HAPPIEST MOMENT .
My happiest moment on the last month we were go to the island. 
my happiest moment is my college days,because weekly two or three days we bunk the class and go to flim beach any resort this my happiest moment.
after long years i meet my school friend
Feeling like to love everyone after meditating
BEFORE 2 YEARS FOR MY COLLEGE TOUR FUNCTION   SO WE ALL ENJOY THIS HAPPY MOMENT  FOR MY LIFE. SO I DON'T FORGETTING THIS LIFE.
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT IN MY COLLEGE DAYS BECAUSE WEEKLY TWO OR THREE DAYS WE BUNK THE CLASS GO TO FILM BEACH ANY RESORT THIS MY HAPPIEST MOMENT.
getting a promotion after 2 years 
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
I caught a new pokemon go that I have not caught yet. 
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
my happiest moment is my college day celebration and then i got a price to topper of the class.
I caught a new pokemon go that I have not caught yet. 
PAST MONTH I AM GOING TO PARK. IT'S A  VERY HAPPIEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE. 
Getting free food.
My toddler stopped bedwetting.
When I successfully broke my last record and did 50 push-ups.
Talking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
PAST MONTH AM DRIVING IN HIGHWAY SPEED TRAVEL IN MY CLOSE FRIENDS VERY ENJOYING THAT'S MOMENT
Taking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
I took a cold shower after travelling under hot weather conditions.
I got a really good haircut about a month ago, I'm still getting positive comments about it.
I switched phone companies and now am a t-mobile member who is saving over 100$/month on my family's cellular bill.
my sister got married
THE BIRTHDAY PARTY OF MY NIECE MADE ME HAPPY.TWO WEEKS BACK WE CELEBRATE HER FIRST BIRTHDAY AT OUR HOUSE.THE WHOLE DAY WE ENJOYED AT THE CORE.NOTHING CAN EQUAL TO HER SMILE. 
Last month I enjoyed my sister's engagement in our home.And I gave a surprise gift to her.she felt very happy and that moment made me happy.
Getting in bed while there's a snow blizzard outside, the sheets are initially cold but then you get all bundled up and warm, that's my happy place
My brother decided to join for higher studies and started preparing for the upcoming entrance exam which I have been asking him to take for  a couple of months. 
I received a job conformation letter on last month that is my very biggest happy moment for me and my parents
My husband got a promotion.
My vacation was approved for the summer.
Last month i got promotion and my salary increments. Yes i promoted as project manager. So this year i will do plan for get marry and enjoy my life. Yes i would like to save lot of money and enjoy my life. Very happy about my promotion. Thanks to my general manager. 
I was happy because there is hope that overwhelms me that though things are slow to pick up all will be wll.
I felt in love 
I built a pool in my garden
I went on vacation in Rome
I got the best performer award in my company. I was really happy about it because I managed to go ahead of my colleague after good 2 years. I felt really happy when I received the award.   
MY SON DRAWING MY PHOTOS IN OUR NOTE BOOK
I found that my friend had cooked some chicken and left me some pieces to enjoy.
I finished writing my music album.
I took a trip up to Boston.
I attended my school reunion function and met my school friends after a long time, recollected olden memories 
In the past month, I got my house painted after 10 years. Now my house looks beautiful and I am still happy to see it everyday.
I started some days of holidays.
I got a salary increment and a bonus salary.
Getting to have my 5th back surgery to reduce my pain. I was very happy it was finally over.
I came back home from work. Bibbi (my dog) was waiting for me at the door. He was so happy he saw me, he made a mess (to use an euphemism). To see someone feel so happy when they see you, made my day.
Shifted to my new house 2 weeks ago, i am very happy.
I had my first live singing performance and it was a loop cover and loved it.
I was elected as a treasurer for our flat association by all the resident of our flat.
I Was Very Happy To see my Cousins at My Place for a  summer  Vacation.
I was recently selected to manage the audio at my church and to process audio recordings for online use.
I went to the bar with some friends of mine, I got a little tipsy but my friend got so drunk that he threw up and we just started making jokes about it, it was a great time.
I finished my midterms with mixed grades but the main pressure is over.
Fifteen days ago my father give me a gift as bike this is a happiest moment for me.
My wife and I booked our summer vacation 2 weeks ago to Disney World!
I bought a newer car.
While reading the newspaper, I came across a fascinating story of a village named Khonoma (Nagaland) and how their fierce hunter-warriors laid down arms to save the environment. It gave me immense happiness.
LAST MONTH MY HUSBAND GOT A PROMOTION AND HUGE INCREMENT. IT MADE ME HAPPY AND PROUD.
Talking a long drive on a calm road with my family members who love me always.
I received a surprising blessing financially that I was not expecting and which relieved some financial stress on me. 
My son was able to tell stuff he learn from school after having trouble learning and memorizing it. 
Finally finding some speed again running 5 and 10k races, getting back to the speed and feeling I had a couple of years ago.
On Saint Patrick's Day, my wife, my mother in law, and I took my daughter to an Irish pub where bagpipers were playing.
Meeting a friend from my childhood that I hadn't seen in years
In the last month all 3 of my kids made the A-B honor roll at school made me happy.
when I got my salary
We were able to sit outside in our new patio furniture. 
I went for a walk with my doggie.
A small talk by a random stranger, in whose words I found care. It just happened few minutes back.

The worker who sweeps in my office premises looked dull and tired, when I saw her everyday. Nobody actually seemed to care that she existed. I made it a point to help her smile for 2a3 seconds, making her forget her frown.

Now, this has been going on for a while now. Today, after like a month of just exchanging smiles, she spoke to me. She asked me that she didnt find me at the same time yesterday ( Wow! She actually waits for my presence. Thatas so sweet of her), to which I told I was late. She even asked me about few travel details and felt bad that I had to start from home early everyday. The conversation continued for another few seconds.

I left that place. But somehow, I felt happy. Thereas someone in the office, some random stranger, to whom I havent given anything apart from a smile. Yet, she is so contended with that and showered me with her caring words.
It was the moment when I got out of the hospital and managed to walk again normally. 
I was happy when I sat with my family watching a movie while drinking a soda water and lime on a Friday night. 
My family
My other son got a new job with high pay , we go to dinner with all family to celebrate. I felt very happy and complete 
I have lots to be happy about this summer, It wasn't so simple, but I helped to open a new library branch in my city past month.
I put the money I received into the bank.
completing the macros for history day
It made me happy to bake a new cookie recipe with my children.
My brother came to meet me and we spent time together
I traveled to a very far place by my bicycle and the journey was awesome
my daughter school had a parent meeting in the last weekend. me and my husband got positive feedback regarding her. that made me and my hubby both very happy.
Made a big breakfast of eggs bacon on a bagel that was very tasty.
My daughter completed her MBA with distinction.
I did not gain any weight on my cruise.
Organizing my finances onto a spread sheet to streamline paying my bills which is much less stressful.
Started a new part time job to help pay bills and the pay is fantastic.
I completed a difficult assignment that I had been working on this past month.
When i heard i was pregnant
I and my friends went to my favourite movie la la land and had a happy time there. We were pleased to see our favourite childhood hero on screen 
I was taking a walk on a warm day in March hand in hand with my boyfriend and we were just talking.
Mother day gathering with all my extended family 
I purchased a New Car for my official travelling purpose.
I made a new friend.
I was asked to write a screenplay for new movie. I have been waiting for this thing to happen.
I was able to use my Mechanical Turk earnings to buy a collectible toy that I found on eBay for a great price, which was surprising and exciting to me.
Knowing that I have job options if I would like to pursue them.
Found a copy of an old rare movie I'd been looking for.
Finally, bought the new LED TV
I hit my reading goal and read four new books in the last thirty days.
Got gifts from my In-laws which they brought from pilgrimage made me happy.
next thing is i got my autograph book  back  . i thought that i lose it in somewhere.
I was happy and relieved when I figured out a problem that had been worrying me for some time.
Got my root canal and am slowly working towards fixing the rest of my cavities
I am happy because I have a new job and I can now move out of the shelter and find a bigger place for my family and I. My kids want a dog with our new home and this may be a reality that I could not see before. I see that it may happen this time.
When I bought my favorite caramel ice cream from the store.
when I got yet another girls number. Because of the weight loss i seem to be getting more "play". Women at work seem to be more kind and caring and flirty towards me. As a result i finally have more courage to just go up to a woman and ask her for her number without any cheesy pick up lines or bs like that.
When my friend suffered minor injuries alone due to an accident made us very happy because he had a narrow escape from being hit by a bus
I got a free mattress due to a shipping error. 
Going to church and lunch with my parents is always nice.
a child was born to me.
I was happy when I found out my nephew is coming to visit me for a week for Spring Break.
I was happy to go to Disneyland for my best friend's birthday.
I was made happy when I booked my wedding anniversary vacation for next month. 
My son getting good grades
i have travelled holiday destination in the responsibility of my company
i brought a smart watch gift for my elder brother. 
I completed posting 100 articles on my personal blog and this was a very proud moment for me. I was very happy to see my this achievement. 
My baby went to the music class and she sings so cute
WHILE HEARING MUSIC
The inability of Republicans to repeal the ACA made me so happy because I absolutely need health insurance right now and would not be able to afford what was going to be available in the new plan.
i got a lotery
I got off work a few hours early last Friday.  It isn't the biggest deal, but it did make me happy.
i got a girl friend last week
I received job offers. 
My daughter getting accepted to the High School she applied to.  It's a high school the specializes in the arts, such as dance and music.  My daughter is very involved in music and dance and we were hoping she would be accepted.  When her acceptance letter finally arrived, we were all very happy.
Visited with friends whom were celebrating their wedding anniversary, we brought them a nice a bottle of wine to enjoy. 
I got to spend quality time with my friends.
I stuck to a harsh work schedule that I made for myself.
Two weekends ago my mom and dad came down to the city where I live and we ran a 10 mile race.  It made me happy because first of all, the run felt really good, and second I had all the important people in my life around me. My mom, dad, brother, friends, boyfriend. 
i brought a new pet last week
My family and me went to nearby church. we found that a laptop near by the church. we approached father and informed about this. He announced this in prayer one them came and got this, we were happy.
One afternoon, we had a really perfect spring day, so my family went downtown and hung out in the park/restaurants area.
My dearest friend told me, on her birthday, that I'm the best gift anyone could ever get.
Learning how to make paintings and become a artist. 
i got gas connection in my workshop
My husband gift by a ring
Someone complimented my writing.
I learned how to make more money at my job.
The meal I was making for the first time turned out successfully.
I received a bonus for working on MTurk.
My relatives gave a grand dinner in my home town and gifted me with a shirt.
Celebrating my dads 84th birthday.
I was able to go to the park with my kids on a nice spring day.
Last week I prepared one of the  most difficult sweet to my old friend by spending two hours in kitchen, with lot of love and affection, it came to be very special to me and my dear friend which made me feel very very happy.
I got my dog at the kennel after she was boarded for 3 weeks.
I won 500 dollars sunday morning.
My husband brought me my favorite dinner when I was working late.
Caught up on my favorite show (Bates Motel).
I went to dinner to celebrate my wedding anniversary.
I had a major breakthrough in my research at work.
My husband grilled ribeye steaks for us.  They were delicious and I enjoyed eating them so much and thought it was sweet that he did that for me.  
I successfully handmade, sewed, a beautiful tie-on, stuffed, embellished, chair cushion for my son's desk chair.
I was given a treat for my insatllation as it was a long pending issue at the management end and finally worked out.
I got an A in my english class
When my sister, whom I love but who could drive the Pope crazy, left after a week-and-a-half visit.
Another happy moment would be when I got to see my little brother for his birthday
The day my two youngest daughters brought me excellent days.
I was so happy when my boyfriend brought me home my favorite ice cream.
I have not had alcohol in a week.
I was very happy and relieved when my dad, who has cardiomyopathy, told me he was able to increase the amount of time he spends exercising every day.
I sold a comic book on ebay.
I finally got my deductible back from my insurance company. $1,000
My daughter studying B.Sc Microbiology 2nd year. Last year she selected on Research Fellowship. I really very happy to that moment. 
Receiving all As on midterm grade report.
I went to see a movie with a friend who was in town whom I hadn't seen in over a year.
This month has been really good in terms of my husband getting a lot of work.
Buying a really pretty new purse on clearance made me happy.
Finishing the refit on my sailboat.
I cuddled up on the couch last night with my husband and he read to me.
This past month I lost 10 lbs and am one step closer to my weightloss goals. 
Because of my wife's new job I have been able to have dinner with her every night and generally spend more time with her.
I received a service award from my fire dept for many years of service. 
I bought a lot of new make up this month. I love make up so that made me happy.
I got a stock dividend.
I was happy when I got to go out to eat instead of having to cook dinner.
Having a big group dinner with my college friends. Getting everyone together
I was recognized by my manager for doing a great job at work on a project we finished this month.
I bought a new car
 It made me happy when my infant son used baby sign language for the first time.
I went to a hobby shop and looked at model trains for the first time since I was a child.
i got extra voucher for my internet
UCLA bead Kent State in the first round of march madness.
I was happy last Friday when we had fun at the local botanical gardens because my daughter loves it there.  
I was put on a new inhaler to replace the one that wasn't working for me.

I gifted a mobile phone to my dad on his birthday. it was a surprise one for him as he did except me to come down from very long distance.
When company from another state came to see us, we had a fun-filled weekend with them and I was so happy to spend quality time with people I love. 
The check engine light came on in my car, but went off on its own when the oil was changed without any costly repairs or needing to go into the shop.
2.  I completed a 4 miles run in a time that was my personal best.
I am happy when i get my salary
I saw that I get an A from a very hard course
I spent some good, quality time with my boyfriend.
Seeing my old friends from high school and catching up on whats going on in our lives. 
When I came to know that my research content is appreciated by an educational institution.
Placing an ad of Facebook for renting my condo and having it viewed by 2200 people made me very happy.
snuggling in bed with my daughter
Finding out that we're adopting my sister in law's baby boy. 
the ransom which i had lent to a person was returned correctly back to me.i was given 
I was happy when I got two drinks for the price of when when the vending machine spit out two by mistake. 
The moment when I met my old school friend in a New Year party. After a long year I met my schoolmate in my native place .We both enjoyed the party. It was a great happiest moment in my life.
I was happy that the sun is shining more and the birds are beginning to migrate back to the area for the Spring/Summer.
I got in a car accident and my insurance company made the whole process completely easy and stress-free for me. I greatly appreciated it.
I was finally able to get my car fixed after having it sitting for a few months. 
I went on a romantic candle night dinner with my girlfriend and we spent a quality time together.
Seeing that I made a good grade on my English essay.
i buy a 4k tv 
Larger pay check
The promotion I have was the most happiest moment happened to me. I work in IT for several years now but I didn't received any promotion. This time is the most precious and I will treasure it no matter what. I will continue to love my job and focus my work diligently.
i went to hobby lobby the other day and i saw they were having a 50% off sale for all fabric and craft notions. i was so very happy and thrilled! i love crafts and i own my own business. i love to sew and im always in need of supplies which can get expensive so it made me happy to know i could get more for my money and i also started planning out the projects im going to do. 
I received an email from attorney on my Visa Application status. 
My USA L1 individual visa got approved after 6 months of hard work on documentation. 

We celebrated my youngest son's birthday.
When I finished reading my book for the week.
See my work colleagues happy and smiling and we were awarded as the best area of work in terms of safety and hygiene of the corporation
I was driving fast and I was in a hurry. The signal turned yello just as I crossed the signal and lucky me I crossed it and after that it turned red.
I got much of my debt reduced for about 70%, which is making me feel happy and relaxed a lot.
The togetherness of relatives who wish our child and also their blessings made me feel happy
My nephew was able to get a scholarship to a highly rated university
I was happy when I learned that my child was recognized with an award for her accomplishments at school.
In the past month, I made the final arrangements for a Bridal Shower.
The beautiful spring weather that God created; waking up with the sun shining and the temperature just right has been such a blessing!
My granddaughter was baptized and we had a big family weekend because of it. 
I got to spend quality time with my mom.
Waking up this morning and seeing my son smile made me happy.
I got a better rank in the video game I play.
I received a job offer on a job that I applied for in January, I had given up hope, but I was over the moon excited when I got the call. 
My wife put on something special in the bedroom without it being a special occasion.
I won a couple races while betting horses online. 
When my daughters made me a poem about how good of a mom i am made me happy.
My son learned the meaning of the word "hug" and gave me a hug before bedtime one night.
We went to eat at a friend's house.
my friend marriage function
I bought a fancy new mechanical keyboard.
I am always happy teaching students in general. Whenever  I teach students I feel like I am helping someone. I am giving to someone in need. I am able to help shape our future.
When i was with my friends last weekend we went out to a bar to watch a basketball game. While i was there i saw an old manager of mine that i used to work for. He is now the manager of the bar we were at. He took care of the whole tables bill and we didn't have to pay a thing. 
Last weekend I finally got to redo my bedroom set dressers with the chalk paint and pretty knobs I bought!
I was happy when my husband sent me a sweet text.
I got a see a friend of mine compete in her rowing competition and win!
My daughter placing  third in the spelling bee.
I found a Nintendo Switch after searching for weeks.
I always use a small purse which I carry while going shopping  or anywhere outside. My aunty had got me a purse which looks like a cake with icing on it. This was a real good one so handy to carry. I am still using it even today and it does remind me of them every moment I take it with me.
I finished my family's tax returns last weekend.
As I watched, my five year old son saw his little brother drop his Popsicle and then handed him his own and said "that's ok, Ethan!"
past month my birthday i go to old home and give donation for the trust at the moment i am very happy
What made me happy this month was watching burning sands with my sorority sisters. 
I added more guns to my collection and have had fun shooting them at the range.
I was able to have a scrapbooking day with my best friend.
I was approved by the courts to file my divorce without paying right away. 
My daughter smiled at me for the first time a week ago.
I took a ride in the car with my husband and we looked at all the spring trees and flowers coming up in the country. It was very peaceful.
I saw my best friend get married to the love of his life.
Holding and loving baby grand daughter.
My husband missed me while I was at dance class and told me so when I got home which made me happy. 
I quit my job two weeks ago. This job was not a good fit for me, and caused me a lot of stress even when I wasn't working. I was worried that my boss would be upset with me, but he was very understanding, and I was excited to be able to let go of that source of stress in my life.
My girlfriend and I got into a very bad argument but it led to us having a long, honest discussion about the core of our relationship, and now things between us are better than they have been in years.
A happy moment I had was when I saw my boyfriend after a whole week of not being able to see him because of school and work. 
Watching my granddaughter paint over video chat and paint her body and face and have fun made me very happy.
My second happy moment came when I decided to get outside again and work out. I left myself go this winter and gained 30 pounds! None of my clothes fit except one pair of jeans and I just kept getting fatter. It was so nice to wire myself all up to my technology (phone for music, heart rate monitor, smart watch, etc) lace up those running shoes and get out there pounding the pavement.
Last month we celebrated our 10th anniversary.
I accepted a new job.
Yesterday I finally got to start my new job in a gardening center.
Taking a successful test trip out kayaking using some new equipment.
I won a small amount of money on a lottery ticket.
I watched a new movie with a friend. 
My youngest daughter just got her ears pierced for the first time, for her birthday. She is usually totally afraid of any kind of pain and would freak out. She panicked for a minute and then collected herself faster than I've ever seen her. I was so happy for her that she saw the value of the outcome over her normal reaction. This was a proud mom moment. 
It made me feel happy that I was able to put together an important analysis for my boss and he was appreciative.
My best friend came over and spent the day with me
I was happy because I found a beautiful jacket with 50% discount. 
I tried a new recipe for banana bread; it turned out perfect and absolutely delicious!
I received more money than I was expecting from a few hours of work. 
What made me happy in the past month was watching tv with my husband after our daughter went to bed and eating junk food with him.
In the past month, I had the opportunity to try a new, luxury restaurant that I had reservations for for 6 months, and that made me happy. 
It made me feel happy, able to repair my car, I had a problem with the radiator, after a few hours removing it and having it repaired, I finally got it and it was very good.
I have been contacted for a really good job with a great salary.
Around a month ago exactly, I found out that I'd be taking an important exam--but which is mostly just a formality--to take my career to the next level. 
I woke up everyday last month and was alive semi healthy so it made me happy and it continues to make me happy to breath air and see another day life is too short and everyone is in a hurry and busy and life just keeps going by faster and faster then boom.
one day it is all over and frivolous little things like filling out this survey will all mean nothing it will be done and over with.
So something that made me happy last month was the fact that i'm still here this month to tell you about it living life for as long as i possibly can and enjoying it as much as i can makes me extremely happy and it should you too :)
I purchased an AC last month, I thought of buying AC for the past year and just now had money to buy that and that moment made me feel more happy.
Visiting open houses two weeks ago with my husband and finding a cute house we both loved made me very happy.
After six hours  the doctor said that both my baby and my wife were safe with normal health.    I thank God and felt happy with satisfaction.
I bought a new vacuum
My best friend rescued an abused dog from the pound and we have been training him to trust people so that he can enjoy his life. 
I got to see my mom whom I don't see very often.
On my walk this morning, I saw a four year old girl and her mother. They were holding hands and were probably walking to school. The little girl was singing a nursery rhyme and the mom was singing along with gusto, totally oblivious to her surroundings.
Last month our family members celebrates my son's birthday.
Last week I visited to my sister's house. It was a very happy evening.
I recently received a raise at work!
When I cleaned a nugget and loaded it into my bowl, then added fire to it.
when my mother brought home a foster puppy
I completed my taxes yesterday and I'm getting a refund as opposed to having to pay!
I went out to dinner with my ex-girlfriend's family for her daughter's birthday.
I was overjoyed when I purchased my new vehicle from a friend. My last car was lost in an accident.
Snuggling into bed with my fiance made me feel great.
I bought a new car 
I saw the hematologist, last Friday, and she doesn't think I have Polycythemia, which is a blood cancer!
Bought new iphone.
I won an extra bonus at my job
I was given a small raise at work
I bought a new remote control car and crashed it a bunch, and it was really funny.
Visiting friends in Philly, catching up and hanging out.
Subsequent to accepting my Doctorate, I was notified that one of my research papers would be published and used in a documentary video about abrupt climate change.
I was really happy yesterday.  My husband, son and I went to a chess club.  My son had been before, but not my husband.  Each played at least 4 games and had a nice time.  I was especially happy that it was fun for my husband.  He had a lightness in his voice afterward.  I liked that he liked it.  Winner!  I was really happy that I encouraged him to go.  He likes chess a lot.
I was able to find a roommate to help me with paying rent and this makes me happy cause I am able to get my self out of debt
When I arrived at the airport and my kids were waiting for me there.
And sometimes things happen to you that may seem horrible, painful, and unfair at first, but in reflection you find that without overcoming those obstacles you would have never realized your potential, strength, willpower, or heart.
I wrote a show and performed it at Second City.
MY TEAM WON THE TROPHY IN CRICKET TOURNAMENT
My old friends visited my home in the last month. They came along with their spouse and children. Their presence after a long time and that too with their family, made me very happy.
I am writing an Android Game. I completed writing code for three levels during the month.
Laughing with my kids in the car over something silly they said. 
My son won a Tennis tournament and he is now champion of the college !!
My dog won the dog race conducted by the local authority.
I went to the beach for the first time in a long time.
My daughter learned many new words.
My father send me a mobile phone...
I found out that my Chihuahua Petey did not need to have cataract surgery because he still has good vision in one eye.
I won the lottery for a few bucks in the last month.
Something that made me happy this past month was having a dinner date with my husband and not stressing about the money. 
I made some cookies for a repeat client which I was unsure if she would like the design, but she ended up loving them.
When I ate at my favorite restaurant with a friend.  
WHILE I GOT ENGAGEMENT
Getting positive feedback from my sister which she never used to do.
Our office team went out for a short trek last month where we shared lot of funny moments.
I went walking in the woods and noticed a great number of trees that were extremely tilted, and I became absorbed in looking at them.
I canceled a membership at a gym which was no longer needed and have been saving money due to it.
My Significant other loved the gift I bought a week ago.
Attending my first professional basketball game with my husband. 
I found some really good bargains online for summer clothes for my kids.
Planning a surprise party for my husband for his birthday. 
I went and saw my niece's play.
I spent all weekend cooking food for local teen moms and thier babies at a weekend camp.
I was happy when I got a day off of work.
I felt happy when my daughter was at physical therapy and started doing harder tasks and she told me she is starting to feel much better and stronger.
 Start a one-line-a-day gratitude journal. Before bed, simply jot down one happy memory from that day. (If you have kids, you can ask them, "What was the best part of today?") Reflection is an important part of happiness, and pausing to reflect on a positive event from each day cultivates gratitude.
i went to a yoga camp conducted by an organisation and the place where it conducted itself provides a refreshing feeling and after the yoga session felt very happy some newness
I play piano and after a few weeks i was at a stop, i hadnt learned anything new and then i sat down and played something beautiful and learned something simple and at night i felt happy.
What made me happy is that when my daughter with Down syndrome was reevaluated for personal care hours she gained more for the coming year. This made me very happy because it will both benefit her as well as my entire family.
I got a new job.
My daughter made me a beautiful hand-made card for Mother's Day and she also bought me a bouquet of roses.
My fiance got a new job with a large salary increase, which means we will be able to move houses soon. 
I arrived at the Grand Canyon and saw the view from the South Rim for the first time.
I smoked some ribs.
sitting on the beach looking at the beautiful blue water
I saw an old friend that I hadn't seen for 10 years, he was doing well and we really hit it off.
I got a job interview with the Public School District for a tutor position for homeless youth.  I graduated about a year ago and have been looking for a job just like this, so I was very excited.
I became happy when I went to  babysit and the family had gotten a dog. I played with her for hours.
Seeing my niece every other weekend. She's so happy and joyful when I see her.
The Netflix series Grace and Frankie released season 3, I binged watched it, it was so good.
Just this weekend I talked with my daughter who recently took a job in Alabama.  She says she really likes her job and her associates.  This move from Iowa to Alabama was a big project and I was worry that she would regret it.  Nice to know it is working out so far. 
My daughters dancing pictures came out so good.
Talking regularly to my parents
My 17 month old son finally using a spoon to eat with and actually ate most of his food.
I was happy in the last month when I went to watch Beauty and the Beast in theaters. This was a movie I had anticipated seeing since I found out they were making it, and I finally got to go! It brought up such wonderful childhood memories. I was smiling the entire time! 
The first chance to play cricket in my organisation team, and get scored 153 runs and got 3 wickets in my first match, it is most happiest moment in my life.
My husband comforted me when I was in a bad mood.
Got a new job.
Going to a restaurant that I always wanted to go to but never had the chance.
My spouse and I were singing along to the radio one night on the drive home.
I was happy when I saw my dad retire a few weeks ago during his retirement party.
Sharing ideas to make your own Happiness Jar and photos of Happiness Jars. ... Write down something that made you happy every day for a year,
I reconnected with a friend that I had drifted from, and we get along just as well as we used to.
I felt very happy this month doing the activities that I love to do, like acrobatics, yoga and pilates. I love to stay active and it is a very happy feeling to work hard and it makes my body feel great. 
Getting my paychecks for going to training.
When my husband came home with new nail polish to give me a pedicure.
Clipping my dog's nails.. he can walk without limping now.
I visited my good friend who just had a baby and got to snuggle her new little one. 
I was happy when one of my adult children called yesterday and we had a great chat before he left for work.
This month I got a new job that will help take the financial burden off my shoulders. 
Early of this month when I attend my friends wedding that I found out she was using the cross-stitched piece I made her as one of the main decorating piece in her wedding.  As soon as I walk in the reception area and I saw that.  I was very excited and happy because I know she does appreciate what I have for her.
The day our house sold.
when my brother called and told he got selected for Army HQ for job.
I have a good coffee time with some old friends.
I felt really happy when I received my laptop in the mail.
Increase in my salary.
I saw my second baby's face first time after delivery. It was most happiest moment in the world to me as I was suffered a lot for the delivery.
I went to a concert with friends.
I helped someone at work and gave them positive encouragement. 
I danced the hokey pokey with my daughter
I had lunch with my mother at a nice Indian restaurant that we hadn't tried before.
New job with new responsibilities. 
My friend called me about a job lead, and I got the job.
My wife was able to do crow pose (Bakasana), an amazing yoga arm pose.   
I was able to fit into my skinny jeans again!
My son gave my awesome cuddles while we watched Sesame Street.
A moment that made me happy was when my daughter stood up and walked along the couch by her self for the first time. 
I was able to make a good bonus on a Mechanical Turk HIT I did.
I received good news from my doctor.
My daughter sent me a video of my Granddaughter.
My happiest of happy moments was when Benjamin crawled over to me and sat in my lap, grabbed my hands and put them around him to make me "hug" him.  
I talked to my sister on the phone.
During my daughter's parent teacher conference, the teacher told us our daughter is a model student - smart empathetic and ahead of the curve

The second moment that made me really happy was seeing me brand new god child. She is only three months old. Seeing the bond between her mother and her was amazing.  
I haven't logged in netflix in a while. When I did I saw Dave Chapelle, who is one of my all time favorite comedians, had TWO new specials! I haven't laughed so hard in a while. Just watched them last night. Still chuckling about some of the jokes.
My husband brought me flowers for no reason.
My girlfriend and I took a trip to St. Augustine to the World Golf Hall of Fame.
I enjoyed going to work and helping others less fortunate, get their homes in order.
Last month my niece came into to town to visit for her spring break, I took her out to eat and we had a great time.
The day my son, learned to ride a bike. He has medical issues and at 11 yrs old he was able to ride a bike with training wheels.
spending time with my wife and taking her to a movie and dinner that she has been waiting to see for a while 
My small booklet on Peritoneal Dialysis is now available in print form on Amazon.com as of last night. 
It made me happy to my 8 year old to the mall and Chuckie cheese this past Saturday.
we went to a sacred place shiridi and we also got darshan to the god easily without waiting for hours.we had a nice glance at the god.this made me very happy.
It was adapted into a stage musical in 2008, with film/theater actor Oh Man-seok debuting as director. Oh was also the lyricist and polished the script. The story centers around two guys who are crazy about music. One is a high school music teacher, Beom-jin, who has broken up with his girlfriend and now eats sadly alone in front of his mirror out of habit.
Taking my dog to her puppy class last Wednesday made me very happy.
I saw my horse lying down sleeping peacefully in the barnyard. 
I have printed a part with a 3D printer for my science project and it came really well.
My oldest son asked me to marry him and has been so excited to pick out his wedding clothes; he's been wearing bow ties since. 
I ran a 5K in under 30 minutes for the first time in my life.
I got an yearly bonus
Watching my 20 month old develop
My husband got a very nice evaluation from his boss.
I visited a friend I hadn't seen in a few months and re-connected.
My daughter's art has been selected into the county art show.  I am so proud of her.  
I found some gluten free Matzo at the grocery store. It made me happy because I can't eat gluten. It was also cheaper than I expected. It tastes good. 
Go to the work of theater in my daughter
We were outside on a beautiful day and went for a walk as a family. 
I got news that a friend of mine just had her offer approved to buy a house.
I was happy seven days ago when I celebrated my youngest son tenth birthday and my oldest son 21 birthday.
I rode my bike along the lake Saturday afternoon. 
I have finally been able to afford myself the time to write the novel I've been fantasizing about for the past several years.
My fiancee went to visit her doctor and is no longer ill.
I saw a friend who I haven't seen in months.
I reached a weight loss goal last week.
Having my favorite dish, that is, french toast made me happy the past month.
I spent time with my extended family.
I had my first annual review in my job post college and it went really well, better than I had expected.
I was able to get my car jumped and found out I do not need a new battery; I just need to clean it.
My daughter went to the bathroom all by herself.
My great nephew who is in fourth grade had a beautiful music program last night and it was so precious and so cute.  I couldn't stop smiling at all the effort they all put into it.  It made me so happy that my sister came from out of town and we are still having a blast!
My roommate brought me candy from across the country.
My mother sent me a gift card to my favorite clothing store for my birthday!
I got a very ggod review at work.
The excitement my daughter had when she got an A on her math test.
I found my lost ring which I had been searching for since last 3 months
I am very happy that my youngest son who is an alcoholic had decided to try and stop drinking again for the fourth time in around 18 months.
Training my giant rescue pup and watching him succeed and overcome his separation anxiety.
My little girl took her first step by herself. 
It made me happy when my kids finished their dinner without complaining
When I found out how much our tax returns are going to be.
I went to a certain church where they were distributing shelter vouchers, and found out not only do they serve a free lunch, but it was cooked by a great chef, just like a real homemade meal.  Even garlic bread on the side, and real vegetables.  They do this once a week, and it's a pleasure and something to look forward to.
Seeing people whose articles I have read at a conference.
I was walking the golf course and really enjoyed seeing all of the spring flowers and trees blooming.  The colors are vivid and just beautiful.  Seeing them made my day.  
I was told I was getting a raise. Nothing crazy, but I appreciate everything I get. 
My husband it having a good month at work.  His pay is mostly commission based, so we are very attentive on how well he's doing at work.  He had many big sales, and it's really taken financial pressure off of us.
 I got to drive a Ford Hybrid Titanium car . 
My husband bought a journal for us to write back and forth since we do not see each other much during the week.  I love to write and journal so it was especially touching. 
I spent most the night laughing and talking about life with a girl a met February. I laughed especially when she confessed she had feelings for me after spending so much time trying to hide it.  
I spent the day sharing my traditions and beliefs with like-minded community members alongside my son.
I bought a professional camera and an expensive lens to pursue my new hobby.
My extended family came to visit for the weekends and we had a blast catching up.
getting news that my wife got a raise and promotion
I Got promotion in my job working from my higher authorities.
When I saw the ultrasound of our baby move around.  It made me realize how precious life can be and its the little moments that make it all worth it. 
After traveling through a snowstorm and boarding a plane in freezing weather, arriving in a destination that was 80 degrees and sunny. 
I am cleaning out my house, and finding new found space to have in the home is making me feel content and happy. 
My mother surprised me by coming over and taking me out for dinner at my favorite Chinese restaurant on a Sunday evening.
I earned a bonus on my paycheck for a job well done on a project. I was not expecting it and it made me feel amazing because I felt proud of my work and respected.
I received my Nintendo switch in the mail in perfect working condition.
One of my uncle who cheated our land 14 years back and the court judgement was in favor of us and we got back our property last month which worth 80 thousand dollars. That moment was happiest one.
When I completed a dungeon level in a video game I was playing.
My dad gifted me a iPhone 7. I was thinking to buy this phone from long back and today iPhone was gifted
I was happy when I received gifts from my sister just for the sake of giving.
I was able to gain the ability to sell on ebay again.
My girlfriend got home from work and made me breakfast. She works night shift so usually when she gets home I'm sleeping and she goes ahead and goes to sleep in the other room. This particular morning I awoke to find her up and making the both of us a very nice breakfast. 
Being more financially conscious , i am wasting less money on things I can live without.
I practiced the piano and improved a lot at a piece I'm working on.
This morning I had a lively conversation with my wife about various news and also about plans for our house. 
My friend surprised me and threw a birthday dinner with all my friends 
A few days ago, I read a friend's social media post in which I was tagged as someone who is helpful.
Coming home at the end of the day to my dog. That always makes me happy all evening.

I had a vow renewal ceremony with my wife 2 weeks ago and I still feel completely in love.
The past month what made me happy was knowing my mom got to go to the Florida Keys and see the ocean for the 2nd time in her life. 
I had a great talk with my older brother, who told me about my share of an inheritance.
I was happy when I finished a book last month.
Watching my grandchildren jump on the trampolines at Get Air.
A member of the family got an award
Going to WWE Monday Night Raw. I finally got to see some of my favorite legendary wrestlers in person. It was so exciting and fun!
Having a date night with my husband away from our 2 children.
Listening to Charlie Parker play the song, "Wah-Hoo" the other day, reminded me yet again why I love music so much.
driving to the Nationals
I booked my flight for a Hawaii trip.
It made me feel happy this month when I got to go to the movies with my mother. I had not visited my mom in awhile so it was wonderful to spend the evening with her and just catch up on how our lives are going. 
I was able to get my work van up and running.
I was also happy this month because one of my stock that I had money in did very good for the day.
Being able to attend the wedding of my best friend.
I got to start a new job with a company I enjoy working for and with an increase in pay as well.
The day my sister got married I was surprised.
I was happy when I got coffee with a friend and we played a board game.
A friend surprised me at work and took me out to lunch.
I felt happy when my horrible cold finally began to improve.
My husbands representative for this VA claim called and updated me on everything going on and stated that everything looked extremely favorable for him to win his claim and recieve over three years of back pay.
Inviting a neighborhood girl in a hard situation to come live with us.
I ran into an old friend on the subway. 
I finished a computer game I'd been playing for a week.
As a big sports fan, I enjoyed watching my team win during the first round of the NCAA Men's basketball tournament.
Seeing my girlfriend for the day and taking the dog for a walk. 
When a friend of mine swiped for me so i could go into the dining hall 
Another thing that made me happy was getting back together with my ex boyfriend who I loved. We were together for over a year and took about a month break I think it was really good for us. 
I had a memory yesterday of an event that I attended with my friends
I finally found someone who would help organize my house.
I was happy when my boyfriend came home after being out of state for a week.
Woke up to a good morning text from a close friend.
For the first time ever I decided to invest in stock. I found and online place to do it called Loyal3.com and its perfect for people that's in my economic bracket (poor) that may not be able to purchase whole stocks and they let you buy and sell for free. well I invested in some stocks and my stocks went up not all of them, but most of them and so I was happy that I earned some money.
My cat making it out of surgery 
It made me happy that my boyfriend got a new better paying job about two weeks ago. 
I went out with friends. 
Yesterday i played a videogame without  thinking about what worries me.
go to my favorite clup
The second thing that made me happy was that i won a football match with my friends.
What made me happy in the past month was going to san Francisco 
Hanging out with my friends and feeling part of a group.
My mother told me she had a gift for me.
I got a surprise visit from my brother and his wife last week.
My grandmother called me and told me that her cancer was improving. 
I presented results for last month in a large meeting.
I was so happy to find out my best friend went out of her way to buy me a really nice, new, expensive, video card for my computer!
Receiving a check that I had been waiting on for a custom graphic design job I had completed and was ready to put everything into production.  This check was far more substantial in dollar amounts than most checks for my professional services rendered and without that check, I would not have had money to pay rent.  It came to me in just the nick of time to pay my rent.
It made me happy when I had this dream where I can walk outside and fly 
spending time in my kitchen, making home made peanut butter which was a success
I got an e-mail that I was accepted to a job, and I will be working full-time. 
Selecting my graduation ring.
helping my best friend to figure out what to do with an unhealthy relationship.
I had sighted 4 Tigers live in the jungle when I had gone on a safari to a wildlife park.
I found out that I had enough money to take a vacation this summer to the Caribbean!
My parents told me a get take a trip to Europe for a graduation present.
I went to party for my friend. because, she is selected for best student in college. we are celebrating this. its a biggest moment.
I have recently quit drinking. This has brought a lot of clarity to my life. It will help me progress my professional and personal life. 
Another thing that made me happy was finally cleaning the clutter out of the playroom.  
In my annual review at work today, my boss informed me that in addition to our annual cost-of-living increases, she put me in for an additional salary increase.
I was happy when the schedule for Anime Boston was released.
My son is in prison and I had been feeling like a failure as a parent until he called me a few days ago and told me I was his hero and that I was a wonderful mother.
What made me happy this month is watching my son learn new things. 
I got hired by a company to teach some online education classes. 
I was accepted over other candidates for a front-office role at my place of employment.  After a long interview process, I was called and given a verbal job offer.
My son getting accepted to take the entrance exam for the vocational high school.
I got an business loan amount from bank after applying several times but finally i got it and i am very happy after seeing my loan amount.
I am currently trying to lose weight, and I have finally hit my weight loss goal.
I was made very happy when my husband was called for a job interview for a position that pays a lot more money than he makes now.
my daughter made me laugh
I am happy I discovered Amazon Turk to help me make a little extra cash on the side.
I was happy when my dogs were wrestling around and playing in such a fashion that made me laugh out loud.
I was able to complete a project I was working on and it turned out really well.
I was very happy to begin my new exercise routine. I already feel happier and healthier. Along with that I am eating healthy and feeling great!
In the past month i was very happy to see my favorite band in concert.
My birthday was at the beginning of the month and that was the day i made the decision to move to a new state.
I was happy watching my daughter playing with her dolls and telling a story with them.
I seen an airshow.
I made chocolate clusters with toasted almonds.
My boyfriend told me he loved me for the first time.
today i worked out and finished a very hard work out, i even went and lifted some weights after.
The time I saw my friend after so long and we had dinner.
Being able to earn a blue card which meant that I had certain new privileges as a stroke patient. 
The Day  my baby born
The day I found out I was getting a $700 bonus for my performance at my work.
I was happy to meet my friend from highschool, I didnt meet him since 3 years.
I went outing with my childhood friends
I made out with a really cute guy.
I had a good time watching a movie.
The trees broke bud and flowers are starting to bloom, meaning that spring is here.
Seeing the bond that takes place between mothers and their neonates.
I was able to get outside and take a walk in the sunshine.
My husband surprised me with my favorite treats.
doing successful in my projects
Seeing the new Archer TV series season 7 released to Hulu last night.
Watching my oldest daughter help a friend with her baby without being asked.
Playing with my parents dogs. They are like my own babies. I just love being with those little Frenchies! It is a happy time for me.
I interviewed for a job position at my favorite city.  I went to San Diego and spent the week with my wife there.  I had a great interview.  I think i got along with the people who are hiring.  It was a great experience. I  have a good feeling with this.
Today I was able to give out coats to my co-workers for an upcoming event.
I attained my BFFS marriage.
I became extremely happy when my nephew was born!
I did a ton of research online to figure out the best parts to build my PC with. After days of research, I finally decided on a good combination, and was extremely happy about how well I handled it, and how good my PC was for the price.
I got to see an old friend in california.
My daughter started walking, and has gotten much better in the past few days.
I received a very favorable review and additional merit raise at work
I was able to catch an action picture of a woodpecker building a nest.
Another happy moment was when I got my hair, nails, and make up done for a fashion show.
I spent time in downtown Nashville, Tennessee, ate at a roof top resturant and enjoyed the overall feel of the city.
My grandmother made me a pie for my birthday.
My boyfriend took me to play bingo and I finally won which really made me happy because I was needing some extra money.
Someone told me I had a heart of gold.
I finished a book and enjoyed a nice, warm day in the sun.
My boyfriend said he loved me for the first time.
Spending time with my kids playing games.
I helped a woman in a parking lot get her car started because she had locked the wheel and couldn't turn the ignition. 
I received a 97% on a speech I gave for my public speaking class.
I heard that my nephew, who has a genetic disorder, received some test results that the whole family has been anxiously awaiting, and it was very good news! 
My happy moment was when I got me a car
My supervisor chose me for additional training so I can work on a special and prestigious contract.
Shit chat with with my colleague during tea break and lunch time
I got to spend time with my dad's family. We sat outside in the rain and roasted hotdogs over a bonfire.
A patient complimented me on being a good nurse, saying I was the only person who had helped him.
My daughter made a 100 on her vocabulary test.
I successfully learned how to hover in a helicopter. 
When I booked a vacation for my birthday since I haven't taken time off in nearly 6 months. 
My oldest son, after having a rough first few games in his first competitive baseball season, was one of two players on his team to score and he put the ball in play both times he was up to bat.
I was happy to get my paycheck and see an increase in my bank account. This made me happy since I got more money than I thought I had. 
I spent the day alone with my nephew as his sister was at a birthday party with her mom. We went for a scooter ride around the block and he told me he remembers when it used to be just me and him everyday. I told him he was right and he stated that was before my sister was born. When his sister returned home from the party she joined us on the back deck where we were playing with legos. She had to go inside to change and my nephew looked at me and said Ah just you and me again.
I was happy when I got a raise at work. 
When my girlfriend told me that we had vacation plans for this summer, and we booked a cabin for a week.
I got a promotion at work, which also came with a pay raise and a new job title. 
I started playing an app game (mobile strike) because I really liked the interactive ad. It wasn't at all like the ad, but I figured out how to change Arnold Schwarzenegger's face into that of a girl who looks gay, which I'm into. I also figured out how to get a 3 day peace thing so no one will attack me and I can just keep going without doing any of the fighting stuff. 
My 2 year old used the potty yesterday for the first time it was so exciting. He was so proud of himself it made me very happy. 
One of my friends got married a couple weekends ago.
Having nice weather to grill out makes me happy.
I was happy when my boyfriend agreed to go on a road trip through the southwest and said to start planning the details.
I was incredibly happy when I got my order from Trades of Hope and not only loved the items that I purchased, but also found out that the bag I had bought purchased a chick that was given to a family in Africa. 
I received $150 check from a class action lawsuit.
I had lots of good food on a daily basis, particularly, there is shave ice and rice dishes, noddle dishes and other very good food.
I am dating a girlfriend.
Someone complimented my style of clothing while walking along the bike path outside.
I was happy last week when my husband and I went on a movie date. 
I was happy when I found out 12 days ago that I matched into an Orthopaedic Surgery residency program at the medical school I am currently attending!
Driving on a beautiful stretch of highway on a beautify spring day. The road was not full of busy cars and trucks, and most of the drive was just incredible scenery.
I conducted a job interview with a company that I really wanted to work for, and I feel that I did very well. 
Just yesterday after I showed my artwork to a professor, he said that it is "wonderful, great idea". 
I was happy when I received an email requesting that I get paid to write an article.
I have been trying to get a promotion at work and today I heard today that I'm in the high running. I've been trying for this promotion for months and it's very exciting that I'm almost there. 
My husband was able to make love to me for the first time in a very long time.
I was chosen for a different position that I applied for at my work and now enjoy it and make more money.
When I weighed myself and my weight was down two pounds from the previous week. 
I seen my friend who is working in Army. We had spend more time to visit many places.
I was happy when the group of kids I teach after school piano to finally could play through a warm up music sheet of quarter notes and half notes.
 You can do this while you clean, while you make the bed, or while you walk the dog. Texts and emails do not count! Make an actual phone call to a loved one, just to chat and catch up. We humans are social beings and studies show that even when we don't feel like it, even if we are naturally introverted, socializing with our loved ones makes us feel better. 
I got a new game I got to play. 
What made me happy is that I am finally graduating college this year and moving on with my career.
I got to see my favorite patient at work yesterday.
Riding my bicycle along the coast on a warm sunny day.
Made a souse of my own.
News of my son getting a hike in his salary
I planted some vegetables in my grandfather's garden.
My school friends came to visit me after many years
When we booked our honeymoon for late November 2017.
I went on a movie date with my girlfriend to watch Beauty and the Beast a week ago. 
I got selected as Cheif of National Green Tribunal
Yesterday I was looking outside my  house, some children playing cricket by looking them i was remembered my childhood days 
Salary bonus. This time I got a promotion and a bonus which made me happy a lot after four awaited years.
My friend that lives in California came to visit.
when i was sleep last week early morning my 3 years girl baby come and she also slept as she used me as her bed. really i enjoyed lot
I had my top-selling day of all time (selling video games) on Amazon.
I finally decided to start fishing season.
when i left work
I was at an art store buying transfer paper for the same project and I was being helped by a young lady. We made small talk and I found out that she is an artist and student and very very broke. I imagined how tough it must be to be an artist who works at an art store and not be able to buy supplies most of the time because you can't scrape the money together. So I asked her advice on a gift for a friend, I needed her to tell me her favorite pencils so that I would know I was getting something high quality and useful.  Anyway she helped me pick out some pens and they were pretty expensive. As I was paying for them she asked if I wanted them wrapped up. I told her I didn't think so because they were for her. I could tell that made her day and making her day made me super happy for at least 3 days more.
Dinner with team
Watching a new anime that I enjoyed
I was so happy when the couch we got online came and turned out to be better then we thought.
Last Sunday I was approached by three different women on my way home from hanging out with friends. This was a first for me, let a lone it happen three consecutive times in a row. It was super flattering and made me feel good about myself.
My wifes phone got damaged last month and she only using that one and never complained of it, i was financially very tight at that time to afford an android phone.  One day i was waiting near the bus stop to pick her from office i seen one board saying that you will get android phones on EMI basis, all of a sudden i rushed to the showroom and provided legal documents and got one phone and gifted to my wife.  She was happy with that and it was a selfie phone and we always taking selfies.
That was my first International trade fair visit and this was such a happy experience that I still feel a great joy reciting the memory of this event. It was march 2017 and that time.

I was happy when I celebrated my sister's birthday with my family.
I got a very decent raise and bonus from my current job last week, which really helped me out financially. 
I bought a brand new car.
I saw her on airport with face that I missed all days
i love to travel to countries in the last few years but i got a chance to travel places in last month
last week my husband took me to temple for an important celebration
My received second price in state level yoga competition.
Last month i have attended a comedy show, which was very funny and i was laughing fully till the show was completed. we enjoyed a lot. every body was laughing and enjoying the jokes by forgetting all their worries. It was a happy moment i can remember.
My husband appeared for his master's exam and he got passed in his first attempt. That made me happy. 
My friend likes to help others and she often likes to arrange visits to different orphanages. On one of her visits, she invited us all. As I was free that day, I had decided to go. First, I wasnat excited at all. It didnt know what I would do when I would reach there. It was in the plan to reach the place at 2 p.m. I went before time and started to wait for others.
My exam results are good.
I bought a new desktop for myself to primarily play video games on. 
I met my parents.
I GOT A SURPRISE GIFT FROM MY EX-LOVER
seeing I have lost weight!
I got some new stickers in the mail.
The weather got much warmer and I felt like ti was the start of Spring.
getting a good grade on my finals 
Being able to take my grandparents out to eat for lunch
my daughter brought home good grades this month
I listened to some songs I enjoy.
Today, I have earned much more on mTurk than I expected myself to for my daily goal.
What made me happy was buying myself a new pair of shoes.
I got really high last night and binge watched Love. I laughed so much and just had the best alone time I've had in awhile
I started practicing mindful meditation. The first few days I was really angry. But now that I've learned how to do it right it's like sleep to me. It calms me and makes me extremely Pleasant. Considering I'm an a******. Other people around me appreciate it.
This past month I was happy when I was sitting outside in the backyard watching my children play on the swing set that I had just put together for them the night before.
Able to pay off a lot of bills and save my car.
I won a raffle on an Mturk hit for a bonus $20.
I got 2 hours of uninterrupted time and used it to play video games.
When I got home for the weekend and saw my kids playing together, they are young so it was nice to see.
Having dinner and watching a movie wth my mother after not seeing her for a while made me happy this month. 
all of my friends and family come to my home and celebrate the party
i was able to be a good person 
The big event that happened this month that left me just beaming with joy, was i didn't expect anyone at my job to remember my birthday at all, i don't talk about it or really celebrate it. So come lunch time i was drug out of my office and into the conference room where everyone was waiting with a cake and sang happy birthday to me.
I went to Costco for the first time in a couple years. I used to always enjoy going there several years ago and buying things in bulk and not having to shop for the rest of the month.
When i found out i made an A on my midterm made me happy. 
I had a long conversation with my husband and it was a lot of fun.
When I didn't have to pay for electric bill for one entire month.
Finding ten dollars on the ground near the 7-11 convenience store on my way back home walking.
Last week, my girlfriend and I had a sock war while folding laundry.
i made a new flavor of homemade ice cream.
One thing in the past month that made me really happy was when it was my husband's birthday about a month ago and I worked really hard to bake him a Star Wars cake because he loves Star Wars and I made one in the shape of Darth Vader and then topped it with dark chocolate truffles that were in the shape of Stormtrooper heads that I had gotten out of a mold I bought and he really loved it and seeing his face when I presented him the cake made me really happy. 
I had a delicious milk shake from a popular hotel.
I surprised my wife with a letter on our 13th month of marriage.
I got gas for only $1.96 a gallon.
Helping my girlfriend's mother move.
The Greek men's soccer team almost beat Belgium in a World Cup qualifying match.
I bought and ate some jelly beans for the store.
I attained my cousin brother's wedding ceremony and enjoyed a lot.
A woman using a DNA search discovered that her birth mother was a deceased cousin of mine and I was able to send her an 18K gold pocket watch with her grandmother's and grandfather's initials engraved on it.
An old friend reached out to me on social media, and we are now planning a visit with each other. 
I was finally able to fix a broken door after more than a month.
I was happy when the local radio station played one of my favorite old-school rap songs.
I solved a personal conflict with a friend with good communication and mutual love
The day I saw that my ex was scratched up from head to toe.
I got to visit my aunt that I haven't seen in a long time.
We went to the Hunt Ball and I wore my new dress and new costume jewelry and got lots of compliments.
going to beach 
My boss put in my raise a few weeks ago and it was higher than I was expecting. I really need the money so this is great news. I'm very happy.
My daughter has been singing a lot recently.
NEWS  PAPPER   READING
I was given a contract to complete a creative project.
Last month I completed my second 10 day cleanse with no cheating, and a total of 9 lbs lost for my effort.
Going shopping alone without any children in tow.
Within the last month I have been happy to learn that my best friend got his old job back and that his finances will be much better off for it.
Work gave us a pampering day where they fed us and we got a 15 minute massage.
I bought a new pair of shoes.
I lost three pounds.
Eating at some fancy buffet.
I reorganized my basement. I gave all of my kids toys a place and was able to sweep and clean windows before the kids destroyed it all over again. 
I won 100 dollars on a scratch lottery ticket.
I could save a struggling dog from a deep well
I got good news from a government agency about how they're going to pay for all my training to re-enter the work force.
Was sick for 2 weeks, now I am better and not having to work as hard at everything. 
I taught a bible study class at my church and it went well, people were happy with the content.
Babysitting my grandchildren
I got a call from my best friend who was very angry with me for months.
I talked on the phone with a friend I hadn't seen or spoken to in a year or so. 
My husband who is Egyptian and traditional took me out and was nice to me. We set aside our cultural conflicts for a while and had a bit of piece.
I spent a dinner with my family and had good food.
I took some friends of mine to go see a movie that we all wanted to see and we all enjoyed it.
I got a promotion at work.
I did some vigorous exercise today, which recharged me. 
A couple met with an accident, me and my friends immediately took them to the nearby hospital. Now they are doing well. 
My wife surprised me and bought me a new I-phone 6 so i could upgrade from the 4.
got off probation. i won a lotto scratch off. i finally cussed somebody off that needed it.
I was able to relax and enjoy having some free time to myself.
I buy a new plant
Enjoying a lovely dinner with my husband after returning home from four days on the road.  We checked out a restaurant we had not been to before and were able to catch up on each others weekend.  
When my brother told me he and his wife were expecting baby number two. 
I purchased a lottery scratch off ticket and won $250 dollars.
I got bonus money from my Bank for maintaining good credit all the year round.It was a small amount but money is something which always gives satisfaction whenever obtained from anywhere.
I brought my dog to the dog park for the first time. 
I was happy to celebrate the 1st birthday of my friend's son.
I complete my final exam and received a high grade.
Last weekend, my husband was asked to give a presentation at a big tech meetup in a few weeks, I'm very proud of him!
I watched the Walking Dead with my girlfriend, it is one of the shows we always watch together and I cherish those nights and times.
My daughter drew a picture for me.
My best friend and I scored two  free tickets to a concert we'd been wanting to see but neither of us could really afford.
I sold a couple copies of my new album.
I rescue a kitten which was very hungry and dehydrated but is now thriving, and I'm extremely happy.
i won employee of the month
I was happy when I started working on Mturk again.
I felt happy last month because I was able to get better rest 
Going for a long bike ride with my dad
I listened to my favorite band while doing the dishes and chores last week and I smiled the whole time. 
I love watch movies with my partner
I received my quarterly bonus at work.
I met a really attractive woman at a local bar.
My baby started sleeping through the night after not sleeping through the night for several months.
A good friend offered to pick me up and take me to an art class with her.
I watched a movie that I thoroughly enjoyed.
My granddaughter took first place in her gymnastic completion!
I bought my new motor cycle.  
My friend came over and watched a new movie with me and we ordered pizza.
Today I managed to replace my toilet handle for the first time by myself which made me happy.
I went for a friends night out, last month, and I was very happy.
Stepping foot on the MV Explorer for the first time was probably the happiest moment of my life. I'm not one to be overdramatic, but I really felt like my whole life had led up to that point.
Background:
Three weeks into my sophomore year in college, I worked a study abroad fair and found out about this AMAZING program called Semester at Sea. Basically you go on a cruise ship that was remodeled to be a floating university and study with world-renown professors as you travel around the world. Four weeks into my second year in college, I had a stroke in my brainstem. I remember finding the brochure for Semester at Sea and bawling my eyes out because everyone told me I'd never walk, let alone travel internationally again. Fast forward a few years and I'd recovered amazingly well from the stroke but now knew I have a genetic disease which was making me pretty sick. I sign up for Semester at Sea because I can be sick at home or be sick traveling the world. The later has better vistas. I undergo experimental surgery which dramatically (although temporarily) improves my symptoms, pack up my bags, and am ready to go.
As embarkation day got closer, I grew more and more scared that something was going to prevent me from getting on that ship. I was going to injure myself or get worse symptoms again or there was going to be a bloody hurricane or something. I had already tried to study abroad twice but complications from surgery had prevented me both those times. When I finally walked onto the ship, I realized that I had made it. I was about to start living my dream against all odds. And oh man was it worth every bit of work and anxiety and hope I put into getting there. It was the best and most meaningful experience of my life and it was even better because I felt like I had earned it.
I went to chipotle and the server game me way more food than usual.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

I want to see beauty. In the ugly, in the sink, in the suffering, in the daily, in all the days before I die, the moments before I sleep.
my mum recover fastly from severe cancer 
My daughter treated me today to a full house cleaning. 
past month my boss gifted me one gift set for my performance in my office. which makes me happy.
I learned that family members are coming to visit.
I tasted a piece of apple tart pie at a restaurant that I had wanted for months.
MY GROUP members tries to do the college project for our educatiion. It really difficult to do that.So we are work hard and get the good results of output. finally we got that result output. this makes us really happy for the past month. 
And for me it is dream project that i always like to do that. 
Getting back from Germany. I missed montana
When I got a promotion at my work beating out all the competition. 
I was able to spend a whole day talking to my best friend.
Seeing a cute dog down the block
I had a great day at the climbing gym and really toasted all of my muscles.
I visited my parents.
Yesterday i solved my friend's family problem, i feel happy.
I will play with my puppy dog
Getting to hang out with my sister and her boyfriend over the weekend was a happy moment because i haven't had the chance to see them in about a month or so and I really missed spending time with them. 
Something that made me happy in the past month was trying a new recipe and it coming out great. 
I enjoyed shopping for my son's birthday.
My team win the cricket match.
I read a magazine that I really enjoyed.
I m very happy when my boss ask to me that she promoted me in senior management.
My girlfriend bought me a mug with the inscription. I love you
Something that made me happy in the past month was helping a co worker who had injured himself complete his work.
when i have a daughter. her name is bihu, she is my life today, when she is born that time i felt i am the very lucky man in the world.
I wrote my first pilot (a TV show that takes place in Hell).
I won $100 on the Powerball last weekend.
Nowadays, happiness is a fuzzy concept and can mean many different things to many people. Part of the challenge of a science of happiness is to identify different concepts of happiness, and where applicable, split them into their components. Related concepts are well-being, quality of life and flourishing. At least one author defines happiness as contentment.[6] Some commentators focus on the difference between the hedonistic tradition of seeking pleasant and avoiding unpleasant experiences, and the eudaimonic tradition of living life in a full and deeply satisfying way.
watching a hockey game and seeing my team win it in overtime.
I watched the last episode of Luke Cage tonight. 
My tomato plants sprouting made me happy.
We had some friends from out of town visit us for 5 days.
My boyfriend talking about having kids with. Me yesterday.
The day with my pet.its name is tommy
My family went to two day tour in a historical place. 
Being able to pay all my bills without feeling stressed out.
I've been traveling a lot lately, I've been to China on business trip and back at least once every month and twice in July and August (Yes I've been to China 4 times in two months. I've eaten all the varieties of airplane food they offer, I've watch all the movies they have
When we painted our home in my favorite color
I was happy when I found out my job is expanding. 
Found a very well made and very well hidden geocache with my girlfriend.
In these moments I am still happy after this week, to continue advancing in my projects and to enjoy next to my family of the life of a very healthy way.
I made many shots in an outdoor 5-on-5 basketball game.
Shopping for a new TV and decided on a 55 inch 4K smart TV.
I met the woman of my life, which is very beautiful.
Going on a job interview for a place I really want to work.
Last month, my son told me, appa (dad) I am not going to school, and also I want to change my school system. That new systems to be in online for children, and they didn't go to school. They can study in the home itself. Hearing this I laughed and also informed me the benefits in the direct contact classes. Finally he did not convince, but said ok. 
It was a long day with my mom in the hospital, I didn't have much money but decided to get myself a sub(my favorite) from Jersey Mike's and by chance it was free. Just felt for a moment like things can work out.
I went to see a movie with my friends.
I paid off a credit card balance that I had for 2 years! 
My dog jumped into a ring after one day practice.
I purchased a new TV that I've been saving up for for quite some time.
One other thing that made me pretty happy in the past month was hanging out with someone I'd always wanted to. We were on a field trip for a college class and while the rest of the class went off together she suggested she and I stay together. I got to know her so well and learned we have so much in common.
I spent more time with my loved one
Watching my favorite NBA basketball team win.
I made a great deal more money on mTurk this month.
I got to spend almost all day with my daughter going to eat lunch and then we went shopping.
I share my school day memories with my child.
My child had their first preschool get together and it went well, which made me very happy
i am going to new movie on sunday with my family and friends
Last week I donated some money for a charity. I attend a religious meeting and donated a reasonable amount of money for homeless children. Donating something is the best feeling in the world.
When my mother got finalized stay for transfer in abroad
I had a good experience that we are involving in a same continuous statements that are to be involved in farthest condition
I planted a bunch of veggie and herb seeds a week ago and they are sprouting like crazy!
i am very happy in family tour and watching movie playing game
New Mobile
Finishing my thesis on 15th february was probably the third and most happy moment of last month. It took more than expected to finish it but it really pay off after doing so much research and completing something that I really wanted to do, specially after going "against" the typical research topics in my career. 

I got 89 out of 100 for my thesis presentation, being the highest ranked thesis in the whole classroom. 
Winning lottery ticket
My pussy cat will give birth to two cute babies.
I started working out regularly and I can feel the difference.
Getting to see my dog after a visit to the vet. My dog had a routine checkup and they had to keep him overnight because he was showing signs of parasites but it looks like everything okay.
I helped my son get his truck running.
This is more like a "rewarding" feeling rather than one of total happiness, but I was happy when I made extra money to pay for extra expenses in my life and to pay my credit cards on. I'm almost always broke so I'm always happy and grateful when I make extra money to help myself to progress further in life.
I was happy when my cat snuggled with me in the morning before I had to get up for work.
One of my best friends invited me to hang out with her--I haven't seen her in three years.
I see a funny video which is shared by my friend John.
my team PLAYING WELL 
My husband received a bonus at work. 
My girl friend had to work ovr the weekend, but she got three days off during the week.
I got a great text from an old friend the other day. It was about high school memories, and it made me smile!
After completing my research on economic indicators and volatility versus long-term returns on broad equity indices, it made me realize how useless historical and implied volatility of stock prices are in investing, and that one potential alternative to price volatility is operational volatility of individual companies. As strange as it may sound, it was at that moment that I felt content/happy that financial markets can be analyzed from so many different perspectives, and that there will, most likely, always be something to analyze.
Watching my daughter smile and laugh as she jumped in puddles made me happy.
I am happy that I received my badge to the WonderCon convention in Anaheim, which I'll be attending this coming weekend.
My son did exceptionally well on his Psat's.
Definitely I tell you this is not my favourite birthday oh god this moment I can't agree
When I was in a class and it was just a welcoming and friendly environment. All he students could work together.
I recently made a presentation at work that I have been dreading for weeks and felt very upbeat and proud of myself after it was finished.
I cooked a meal alone.
My cousin brother got awarded for his shortfilm
When I went shopping for some new clothes.
I took my daughter to her first St Patrick's Day parade.
I learned this trick from Marilyn Paul's clever book, It's Hard to Make a Difference When You Can't Find Your Keys. It's a known fact: Clutter causes stress; order creates a haven from it. This mood-boosting routine is simple: Take about three minutes to bring each room back to "ready" before you depart it.
I had lunch with my cousin. 
My happy moment was my husband making me dinner.
I won some money on a lottery scratch ticket.
I was sparring at boxing class and knocked out my opponent.
After drinking a cola, I had to use the rest room, so finally after a hour of holding it I was able to relieve myself. 
I have always wanted to bake chocolate cake but have never attempted to. One evening, I was craving some, but all the stores where already closed. I decided to bake some and it turned out to be delicious. I was very full and extremely satisfied, for it fulfilled my craving.
WE ARE GO TO OUTING WITH MY PARTNER
I am happy when I get to relax at home after work
When I received a bouquet of flowers, unexpectedly, from my husband.
Helped the neighborhood kids to learn swimming in our backyard pond. 
my college friends are conducting get together meet in last month seeing of my friends after so many days i feel happy and i remember my happiest movements in an college days
I make one short film near my home town about natural photography.
Something that made me happy this month was getting a new insulated reusable bottle to hold hot or cold drinks. 
My financial barriers have lessen by a great amount because of the bonus payment received from my company.
During a recent staff meeting at the office, I was awarded with a 10 year plaque of service.
my daughter stood first in an international exam at school
I got to talk to a friend I haven't spoken too in a long time. I got reconnected to them through Facebook.
when i finally graduated in college thru the years handwork and pain. blood and sweat to finish my course.
I finished knitting my first sweater after working on it for weeks.
My whole family and I got together to celebrate an aunt's 96 birthday.
suddenly my college friend called me .she was very close to me .  more than 15 years we are not in touch . Because I changed the phone no forget to send the no to my college friend  . How she got  the phone number  I don't know . That call made me . It was very fun & enjoyable moment.
I've been terribly depressed recently, I've lost a dear friend and a love of my life in the past month, I've lost my car (and as an apprentice to become a chef means I can't afford another for quite some time) I've been transferred to a different kitchen against my will, my body is finally starting to catch up with me in the form of my back hurting constantly and in turn I've been so terribly sad that it's hard to get out of bed, it's hard to clean my house, it's hard to shower and finally last week, after going a week with out a shower I finally got in. 
I found a shiny penny and believe that it was sent from my mother in Heaven.
Approximately three weeks before I had a problem in my laptop which I thought would take up several dollars to make it up.But I decided to do it all by myself.I searched internet for solutions and I myself diagnosed my laptop.Glad that I saved several dollars .It was also not an easy job yet felt happy anyway.
I was happy when I left skype.
That my wife and I have paid off a debt and we are on the right track with our finances, Thanks to God.
I went to a Korean boy band concert with a friend, and really enjoyed their dance moves.
I had good sex with my wife.
Smoking perfect pork shoulder for a family dinner.
My wife and I signed up our son for little league baseball.
15 days before i took dinner with my family it is very beautiful moment in that time
got high bonuses from my job which is i'm getting regularly
I was able to help a client today and I felt very proud, useful, and happy - especially because my depression has been making me feel really useless lately.
I had built my first PC build and its not as hard as I once thought it was. I'm new to this whole thing an have done a little research as well for my next build. I'm currently waiting on AMD's Ryzen 5/3 to drop and also AMD's vega gpu. oh the good times are not too far away my friend.
I took my sister and nieces out to a nice lunch.
I fell down
I've got a new laptop and it works really well.
I bought my niece a new bike for her birthday. She was happy, I was thrilled. Watching her try and fall, but finally succeed in riding the bike was quite a joyful experience.
My parents called me to a electronics showroom and asked me to select my favorite mobile phone and they gifted it to me . I felt so happy to receive that gift 
My grandpa has recovered from his long illness.
My kid got first place in state level yoga championship and received a cash award.
I bought a new video game and played it with my daughter. The graphics were amazing, the story was intriguing and the game itself was a lot of fun. Both my daughter and I enjoyed the game a lot and look forward to finishing it soon.
I saw the film "Zootopia."
I got an interview at a very big international company after being out of work for months.
My child helped me in finishing my work done and it made me feel happy
Last month, I Went out for dinner with my family to a big restaurant and it was a happy moment
My husband started a second job that will bring enough money to cover our monthly budget!
My son has decided to try for his PhD. I am so happy and proud of him.
I bought latest mobile phone with all the facilities, it made me happy
Babysiting the baby I watch during the week makes me happy. Stress free moments 
My boyfriend/fiancee/life partner noticed I was under the weather without my saying so and proceeded to wait on me hand and foot, take care of the animals, clean the house, and make sure I was at the epitome of comfort on one of our very few days off of work. 
I did well in my lab work.
Last month, I sat with my children and helped in their studies.  When they got good marks in their preparatory exams, I was really thrilled.
Receiving a phone interview request to the internship I applied for 
My sister's kid's finished their exams and came home for vacation and i am happy with their presence at home as the home is feeling lively,noisy with the kids around and i enjoy it.
My bank had made wrong transactions on my account  and were able to rectify and have the right figures.
Being out with my husband and going doing regular things, like we went to sort out his 91 year old father's financial issues and then to the mall on Monday and we were alone without our daughter. We have no back up for childcare so it was a rare time it was just the two of us. I felt happy just holding his hand walking in the mall. 
I went to Souplantation which I hadn't gone to in a long time.
i am happy that there are certain things in the world need from me i am willing to give into that also i like my privacy.. THis hit is wonderful always gettting me some money just for a 5 minutes of work.
I stepped on the scale and learned that I was down ten more pounds.
When I replaced the brakes on my car.
In last month i went to black thunder , it is a amusement park . my family enjoyed a lot .
make some dishes with my friends for enjoying trip in kodaikanal tourist place.  the foods are very tasty and that is my first time cooking.
When my pets greeted me when I had arrived home.
I became the representative of a large group of young people.
Past month my cousin got a visa for US and I'm going to fly along with her to US as I already have a visa for US for vacation 
My hacked mturk account was restored after 1 week of hacking.
when i joined for a job
A special gift from my dad
I got a gift from my wife without any reason.
Seeing my family after being gone for five months.
I've been keeping up with work and customers seem to be very happy with my customer service.
I managed to make my bus connections seamlessly. This cut my transit time down 15 minutes, and I was able to get home to my awaited package earlier. 
I cleared exam for a coveted job.
I won a carom championship which was held last month and it was a thrilling final which i won and i was really happy to have won that match 
When we bought new flat in our home town and shifted to our newly built home. 
I bought a new and expensive watch last month.
Selling furniture and cleaning and clearing out and organizing my apartment. Turning my apartment into my home instead of just my "crash pad" and feeling good about improving the space I inhabit and by extension my life. Taking the time to care for myself is so important and needed.
We had a trip to hill station with my family.  It was so much fun and fantastic. 
I played a game of cards with my brother after a very long time
i got a payment from amazon,was made me very happy 
My favorite soccer team won the big final of the local tournament, I was in the stadium supporting him and then we went out to celebrate the victory my friends and me.
My determination made me happy
I sent a jocular email to my younger brother last week, congratulating him on achieving 'halfway past fifty', and I reflected for a moment that it was truly amazing that we have both lived this long.
I was informed that my wife got a 6% pay increase which is  a lot compared to the usual 1.5% most employees usually get so I was very happy and proud of her.
I bought my granddaughter a new bike for her birthday. She was happy, I was thrilled.i was very happy.It was a beautiful day. I took my iPad and a glass of wine, at 4 o'clock in the afternoon.Get together with old friends.We know that sleep helps our bodies to recover from the day and repair themselves, and that it helps us focus and be more productive. It turns out, itas also important for our happiness.
This is the season of lent and we got an opportunity to help the needy people. By Jesus mercy we were enable to give some needy and useful things to a near by home run for the handicapped and mentally retarded girl children and we thank our lord for giving us this wonder chance and this is also one my happiest moment.
Last month my son got his first trophy in the tennis match and i was very happy and he was very excited to see me his trophy and i took him out for dinner and spend the evening happily with him.
the happiest movement is change to person to person and time to time, as far as regarding my happiest movement is concerned when i completed my high school, it is definitely an unforgettable movement for me all my family members was waiting my result, it was just momentum movement.
I had really good haircut done in last month which made me happy.
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
I got the news of my promotion to a higher post.

My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
I went to a conference where I got to meet a lot of new people and strengthen the bonds I had with my existing friends.
I was happy that my dog was walking fine again, the day before he was walking slow and I thought that maybe he had finally gotten old, but the next day he was as active as ever, he walked ahead of me again.
We started planning our wedding.
I purchased a new video game console for my room. 
past month our family attended a marriage function.all my friends and colleges and my relatives are get in one place ans we enjoyed lot
Me and my friend burst sky crackers during the night time which made he feel happy, since it was a small family gathering. 
past month our family attended a marriage function.all my friends and colleges and my relatives are get in one place ans we enjoyed lot
I moved into a new apartment and it is so wonderful.  I am so happy because the new apartment is so bright and clean.  It makes me happy every day thus far.
a outing with my friends last week end
I was happy when my girlfriend stopped talking to me and went to bed.
I spent time with a coworker outside of work.
My family and I went to the beach and splashed and played in the water and even saw some turtles.
When my best friend made a surprise visit while I actually was thinking about our old memories
I won a poker tournament.
I remember getting a message that made me happy just before the start of the second performance of our community play: my best friend had arrived back home for spring break.
My happiest moment in my life is getting the US visa cant forget anyway that moment in my existence.
My happiest moment in my life is getting the US visa cannot forget anyway the moment in my existence
My happiest moment in my life is getting the U.S visa cant forget anyway that moment in my existence.
Last month My sister-in-law birthday celebration unforgettable moments.
My happiest moment in my life is getting the U.S. visa cant forget anyway that moment in my existence.
Meeting my brother a long time.
FOR THE PAST MONTH I HAVE HELPED MANY POOR CHILDREN.THAT MOMENT WAS MAKING ME SUCH A WONDERFUL AND HAPPIEST...
Buying new cloths.
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT ON THE PAST MONTH WAS GETTING MASTER DEGREE FROM ANNA UNIVERSITY.
My happiest moment on the past month i celebrate a function with my family. I feel very happy 
my happiest moment last month was getting from master degree in Anna university.
myself and my friend had candle light dinner 
Earning 15 dollar in one sitting at mturk
MY HAPPINESS MOMENT FOR LIFE IN MY TYPE WRITING EXAM IN DISTINCTION .SO HAPPY MOMENT FOR LIFE.
My eyes are filled with tears after a big laugh. That celebrations made me happy always in my life. 
LAST MONTH I AM GOING TO EGO PARK WITH MY FAMILY, HAPPY MOMENT IN MY LIFE
went on a holiday for 3 days with my family
My eyes are filled with tears after a big laugh. that celebrations made me happy always in my life
My eyes are filled with tears after a big laugh. That celebrations made me happy always in my life.
My eyes are filled with tears after a big laugh. That celebrations made me happy always in my life.
My eyes are filled with tears after a big laugh. The celebrations made me happy always in my life.
I made an awesome lunch for the wife the other day. She is still complimenting me on how good it was! 
My eyes are filled withe tears after a big laugh. that celebrations made me happy always in my life.
my happiest moment last month was getting from master degree in Anna university
I made an awesome lunch for the wife the other day. She is still complimenting me on how good it was! 
TAKING A LONG  DRIVE ON A CALM ROAD WITH MY FAMILY MEMBER WHO LOVE ME ALWAYS.
Hanging out with my friends
I got an unexpected bonus in mturk.
When I decided to start living and eating healthier 3 weeks ago. Its amazing how more energetic I am.
My eyes are filled with tears after a big laugh. That celebrations made me happy always in my life.
 I FEEL VERY HAPPY BECAUSE PAST MONTH SPEND MY GRANDMOTHER HOUSE.HAPPIEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE
My eyes are filled with tears after a big laugh. That celebrations made me happy always in my life.
I purchased a new watch.
I made a very high rank in hearthstone very recently after struggling for it.
My income tax return came in and now me and my wife can splurge on a few things for ourselves.
i went to watch  a movie that i was eagerly waiting for 
THE GET-TOGETHER OF OUR COLLEGE FRIENDS MADE ME HAPPY.THE WHOLE DAY ORGANISED BY ME.AS WE WENT TO MOVIE,BEACH,RESTAURANT
My happiest moment is that I celebrate my best friend's birthday at last month in her house that makes me very happy.
My girlfriend started Physician Assistant school, so proud of her for working so hard to get where she is
My four year old learned to take bath all by himself properly
Taking a long drive on a clam road with my parents on last month that makes me very happy with my family members.
My daughter's chronic catarrh suddenly stopped. 
I have an upcoming 4 day weekend.
Yeah. Last month i purchased new smartphone. I like this smartphone very much. I was waited for this smartphone finally i got it. Really happy. I can't be without my smartphone.
I was to get financial support from colleagues in office.
I bought a new phone
I got recovered from the disease i had
I bought a new smart TV
I purchased a scooter for my father in the last month. This was really happy moment for me as I always wished that I could do something for him.
MY HUSBAND TAKE A PERMENENT JOB IN BANK SO INGRESS OUR SALARY
My football team played a friendly game against an opponent and we won, it was a great match.
I finished reading a juicy book.
I paid for a vacation that I'm planning on taking over the summer.
We (my family and few close friends) had been to a small picnic and had lots of fun, played games and had dinner in a hotel 
In the past month, me and my family members saved few bucks on our energy bill. We saved money collectively and that is why I felt good. This too made me happy.
I finished the videogame "the witcher 3", it was a very good game.

I enjoyed a delicious lunch with friends.
Taking my kids to the park. Watching them play with there friends made me happy.
I received a hard copy of "Selected Works by E.A.Poe". The feeling was something between that of happiness and deep satisfaction, but I'd venture to say I WAS happy.
Got a new job in a reputed company last month, i am more than happy.
I approached a girl in a bar and got her number .
My daughter completed her first stage performance last month from her dance class.
I Was Very Happy at the opening of our chain store in trinity mall it was a dream come true.
I ate a delicious burger at one of my favorite places with good friends.
I went Ice skating with my girlfriend. It was funny because my girlfriend fell on her butt so hard, then the same minute I fell also, it was really hard to ice skate but was really fun
I continued advancing in my programming class, grasping most of the concepts.  This is all that really keeps me going at all.
Yesterday my boss increase my salary this is a happiest moment for me.
I had a big work project/presentation that I finished and it turned out great
My friend came over with donuts.
Annual salary hike and bonus last month.
MY MOTHER GAVE A SURPRISE GIFT ON MY BIRTH DAY LAST MONTH. I FELT VERY HAPPY.
My eys are filled with tears after a big laugh. That celebrations made me happy always in my life.
I have been able to keep a consistent workout and diet regimen for the first time in ages without cheating or breaking it. 
Getting a job
I had a really enjoyable walk and pub visit with friends on one of the first sunny spring afternoons of the year.
My wife and I cooked a fancy dinner together for the first time since my daughter was born.
Going out to a famous disco and listen to one of the best dj's in the world.
In the past month my best friend came and visited me from Virginia for a week.
when I got iPhone 7 as a gift
I went hiking with my husband to our favorite park.
Went to the mall and found a new watch.
It was the day when my mother went to pension. 
I was happy when I was able to give the boys the pants I got them from the sports store. 
My friends
last month was my birthday and my family made me a surprise party with all the people I love in it. I felt very happy and emotional strong
I met my close friend after a gap of 2 years. We were so happy to meet each other after a so long time
I have had the opportunity to meditate a lot in my life and this has gotten me to a point where I practiced gratitude to the point where simply looking outside makes me happy.
I was able to pay off all my bills.
getting my new beehouse dripper in the mail
It made me happy to assist my father in painting his house.
Prepared apple pie for the first time
I met my school friends which made me happier
last weekend we went to visit a movie to a shopping mall. it made me happy.
Going out for my daily jog and not getting tired for the first time.
My parents visiting to my place and will live with me. 
My daughter turned 10 and she felt so grown up and happy.
Perfecting my recipe for butterscotch bars after trying so many over the years.
Had a dinner with my siblings and extended family, something we have not done in over a year.
I was told by my boss that I was up for a promotion this month. 
Brought a new fish tank aquarium for my family
We went to my favourite restaurant at the end of the street and went to all the amazing rides. We were all elated in ecstasy 
I made my sister a dish for dinner that she'd been craving and talking about for weeks.
Seeing an old friend from Austalia who had come home to visit 
I purchased a new Washing Machine to wash my clothes.
I got a raise at work.
My sister visited the home after 6 months of staying in hostel and studying in college.
I saw an attractive librarian at my local library who smiled and flirted a bit with me, which made me feel feelings of a crush on her and excitement that she seemed to notice and enjoy my presence.
The fact that I have found time to start exercising again on a frequent basis. 
Got a decent bonus.
mother heart operation was successful
My husband and I started a new budget and managed to save nearly twice what we normally do. 
Had a outing with my wife, which made me happy.
i saw my favourite dress . it is my memorable one.
I lost 10 pounds, and that made me feel happy and accomplished.
Started drawing again
I can now purchase a car. Before I use to walk everywhere or catch the local buses in the area. I can buy a mini van for my family and I and we won't have to catch the bus any longer
When my friend bought me a beer and some beer snacks because he owed me one. 
Getting new clothes because my old ones would not fit anymore has made me happy. I now have a closet full of american eagle tops and dockers because other brands simply look too baggy on me where as american eagle makes me look great which makes me feel great.
I feel more happy when I saw my ex girlfriend on the road while shopping. She was still glittering like before
My toddler started sleeping through the night in their own bed. 
Kissing the person I love was magical.
we named our first child
I was happy that my husband and I actually agreed on a style of sofa table that we both like.
I was happy to buy a video game that I've been waiting for all year.
I was made happy when Congress decided not to vote on the healthcare bill. 
Me making good money 
i have bought a house
when ever i give emotional support to my husband when he feel stuck with his official work and financial issues.
During the past month, I managed to exercise everyday and I am very happy about it. 
We went for a long trip and we enjoy lot
The Oregon Ducks advanced to the final four in the college basketball tournament.
i am in love with my girlfriend
The medicine that the doctor's gave my wife for her back pain finally started working for my wife.  She has had bad back pain for the past 2 years, and finally has some relief.  
i went to visit my parents last day
I read a funny joke.
Going to Disney World with family and friends. We all had a great time.  Lots to see and do there.  THe hotel was great and the parks were fun.  And seeing the expressions on my daughter's faces when we told them we were going to Disney World over the weekend made me very happy.
Opened the grill for a cool weather outdoor dinner cookout for my wife and I
Being with my family.
I purchased a new video game console that I was eagerly awaiting for months.
I got my state tax return back finally.  I was getting worried it was not going to show  up, but thank goodness it did!
i stopped smoking
I planned to go nearby city by car. But i could not get any car nearby i went roadside and searched car one of my old friend came and pick up we reached the place on time. we were happy.
I finished my family's taxes, and we had a return that was a lot nicer than I thought it'd be.
My nephew messaged me a picture of his college acceptance letter.
Donating to a local organization that needed help for children.
i painted my office last week
My best friend got a engaged
I finally got an application finished that I had been working on.
I lost a couple pounds by changing my diet. 
I finished a project that I had been working on for several months.
I won $5.25 in the lotto.
I changed my spectacles in online with a good offer(free frame).
Watching and listening to it rain and thunder.
I spent the evening with my wife and we talked about our lives.
Actually last week it was rainning heavily, and i tasted the rain water for few minutes and experienced the nature, which made me really very very happy.
My husband got a good bonus.
I am finally leaving the town i work in.
My classes got cancelled on a day that I did not want to go to class.
Made a nice dinner.
I had relatives that came to visit for a week.
I made travel plans to travel to a fun new city.
My family went to a new Walmart that just opened and shopped around and found a toy for the baby.  She was happy to get the new toy and my husband was excited to buy it for her.  It made me happy to see them both happy.  
I successfully turned out 4 pies, both dinner and dessert pies, in one day, for my son's birthday celebration.
I was Mailed and congratulated by the Country Head.
I got a payment for my next car.
When, after a long and cold winter, my city had a few days of beautiful spring weather.
When I got to see my parents
The day my hubby got up early in order for me to get my hair done.
I was very happy when I took some items to a consignment store and received a good amount of money for them.
I am getting a new ac. 
I was very happy when I was able to fix a problem with the print server on my computer instead of reinstalling the whole operating system.
I fixed a plumbing problem in my house.
She successfully attend that fellowship. Now this year She invited to that fellowship on 2nd time. I am very happy
The warm weather we have been having the past couple days.
I was able to help an old lady from my church buy and install a ramp for her house.
The plants that I have had rooting  over the winter have made it through and now I can get them transplanted so they can grow bigger.
My husband brought me home a coffee from my favorite coffee shop.
Visiting with family over the weekend made me happy.
Going on a date with my girlfriend.
I saw some old friends that I haven't seen for years, it was great.
My son won best in the test award at his karate testing ceremony.
I finally found a sugar-free breakfast syrup I really like.
My wife told me my butt looked good in a particular pair of jeans. How flattering!
I bought a $50 gift card to a favorite restaurant of mine for only $20.
I got a lot of extra butter on my popcorn at the movies.
I was happy when I went outside and soaked up some sunshine and nature instead of working at my desk.
Cooking dinner with my roommate
When I come home from work, my son always greets with me with a big hug. 
I saw my mother for the first time in a few months
It made me happy when I tried on a dress that I wore years ago for college graduation and it still fit.
I tried the new nitrogen ice cream and it exceeded expectations.
something didn't plan before become reality
My son had a 4.1 GPA for the third quarter at school.
I was happy on St. Patricks Day when dancing to Irish music
My family and I laughed while we were eating dinner the other night.
I met my school friend after 7 long years and shared old memories and had fun. it was a coincidence that i saw him in the same travel destination. 
I was very happy to find out that our business already has a lot of interest and we haven't even launched yet. 
My husband surprised me by watching our toddler and sending me to get a relaxing pedicure.
3.  I worked with my brother on a volunteer opportunity that means a lot to both of us.
I am happy when i purchase a new mobile phone
One of my very close relative who got cancer got cured
I spent some time relaxing by myself. 
Seeing my mother and catching up with her over a nice dinner at a restaurant. 
When I made a reconciliation with one of my friend-cum-client after a brief spat.
Finding out that my prostate problems were not cancer and were just part of normal aging made me feel relieved and happy.
The son of tea vendor teaching English words to his father.
playing with my dogs watching them run around at the dog park
I got to see my dad get out of the hospital. He's been spending a lot of time there recently. 
in got selected in my company's employee union election as the joint-secretary
I was happy when I watched a really great movie while eating a very delicious dinner. 
The moment when I got a cash price in a lucky draw. I got a cash price of 25000 Indian rupees in a new year lucky draw held in a shopping mall. This made me happy.
I was happy to receive a phone call from a good friend that I had not talked to in awhile. We have known each other for a long time, but do nit get the chance to talk often.
It's a little thing, but my coffee was made perfectly today at the coffee shop, this doesn't happen all of the time!
My son went to bed early a few nights this past month. 
I finally completed 100 push-ups and 70 squat-ups.
Hearing that I would get a job interview.
i buy a fire tv for my new 4k tv
My dog
I felt so blessed and lucky for giving me the opportunity to attain my goal in life. I work hard to attain this job promotion. And out of my expectations, it happen unexpectedly. I am more blessed now and I will continue to work hard for my family.
my husband actually came into some money from a past employer. they ended on bad terms and they owed him money when he left the job. we had pretty much given up on the idea of getting the money when we got a check in the mail. i went to get the sales papers from the mail box and what do ya know?! there was a big fat check in there. that really made my day. i felt like all of our problems were solved right then. a stress just lifted off of my shoulders and i called my husband to tell him we were going out to celebrate!
I scored 45 runs in the final of cricket tournament and was awarded with Man of the Match.
The tulips we planted last Fall are growing and blooming.
When I was able to watch my favorite soccer team win their match.
Today I made arrangements to the streets of my community, I needed it and that benefits us all
I was pretty hungry and at 5 Pm i was just wishing that I should get my favourite snack in the office cafeteria. And lucky me it was available
I found a restaurant serving my favorite food that I was longing for days, it happened suddenly giving me a good surprise.
I was happy to see my daughter's performance in the annual exams.
I purchased a nice pair of Cole Haan shoes that looked great on my feet
I was happy when I learned that a family member did not have a serious illness.
In the past month, I decided to move to another state. 
Going to church Sunday made me happy because we had a great, uplifting service.
My boss and some of my co-workers took the week off so I have a quiet week to myself here at work. 
I went and tried a new local restaurant.
It made me happy to know that I have paid off one of my credit cards today.
I ended up buying a new guitar because I found a lucky posting on Craigslist.
My brother was chosen as his class's Valedictorian, I'm so proud of him and his college accomplishments! 
It made me very happy to go eat pizza with my girlfriend celebrating my birthday.
My employer just made a major announcement and re-alignment that our organization has been working toward for 42 years.  I've been with this organization for 22 of those years and am heavily invested in it.
I was happy with the results of some of the football games that I saw from Europe. 
I  bought a persian cat and he made me very happy
I got a free Venti drink at Starbucks.
We went sliding in Montreal.
my new home function
I went to an art gallery, which I've never done before.
I am happy when I cook nutritious meals for my family.
When i was with my girlfriend last night we spent an hour or so planning a vacation that we are going to take in the summer. We planned to go to Rocky Mountain National Park in Colorado. I had a great time planning and im so excited. 
I met up with an old friend for lunch. She moved to California about 9 years ago, and I haven't seen her since then.
I was happy when I spent the morning playing with my kids.
I got my tax check back and it was very rewarding. 
Me getting lab results back and doing great.
I was able to put aside distractions and get caught up with a lot of work.
I love handicraft things and I like making them too. A couple of weeks I tried block printing on a cloth and this came out well. Later, I tried it on a table cloth and stitched a lace around this table cloth and I was able to gift it to my relatives and friends. Ever since then block printing has become my hobby.
I celebrated my new CPA license by going out drinking with my best friends.
I was running late to catch my 5:15am train to work, but the train itself was several minutes late and I was able to catch it!
i go to service for the poor area of the my street at the time spend i am very happy.
What made me happy this month is finding out about a new job offer. 
Me and my wife went to the furniture store and bought a lot of new stuff for our house.
I got a present from my husband that I was wanting.
I won some money at bingo and was able to buy things I needed. 
My toddler brought an excellent behavior note home from school.
I sat and watched a good TV program with my husband and it felt cozy and interesting.
I got a new car, my old one broke down to often.
Visiting with husband's family during the afternoon.
The party at the winery made me happy
Picking up my son from school on St. Patrick's Day. He and his classmates made leprechaun traps, and it was fun to hear him talk about how the leprechaun didn't get trapped, but messed up his classroom and left footprints everywhere, even the toilet seat! It makes me happy to see the world through his eyes.
My Mom, sister and I got lunch and paczki for Fat Tuesday.
A happy moment was when my friends and I were talking about serious matters and had them open up to me. 
Listening to my sons hang out for the day at home here.
The third thing that has made me happy was my re-connection with some old friends. I found them on Facebook and started a small conversation with them. Turns out they don't live very far from me and they also have a child around the same age as mine, so it will give us an excuse to hang out again.
Last month I received a bonus for my exceptional performance.
I got a new kitten.
My best friend put her name down to volunteer at a pancake breakfast with me in May.
Going to a new shop in town and chatting with the owners - they already recognize me by sight.
My girlfriend got her first job.
I made a new recipe for a party and everyone loved it. 
Life has been really busy lately and we have a baby on the way. Weekends have been full, not very restful. I asked my husband to spend some time snuggling in bed instead of watching TV or playing the XBox, simply to spend some quality time together. We snuggled and talked and caught up on life with each other. It made me feel like I had what I needed and he said that it helped him actually relax. The feeling of coming back to a happy place together was very important to our ability to keep progressing through this final busy stretch before the baby comes. 
I was happy that I got paid last week.
What made me happy was spending the night at my best friends house and spending time with him just talking.  
My husband made it through it ankle surgery safely
I was happy because finally we were going to Disney. It was like a childhood dream comes true to see the castle. 
I received an unexpected gift of flowers from my significant other.
My landlord fixed my broken sink within one hour of my reporting it. 
What made me happy in the past month was going for a walk with my dog and my daughter so we could enjoy the beautiful weather.
In the past month, I test drove a few new cars with the intention of purchasing one within the next six months, and that makes me happy still. 
Made me feel happy, being with my partner, celebrating 9 months of boyfriends, going out to see a movie and then having dinner, we had a great time.
I love coming home on a Friday and cuddling with my dogs on the couch and watching TV.
I got the chance to see my dad and stepmom, who I haven't really talked to that much in years, a couple of weeks ago, and it feels good to be rekindling that relationship. 
I went to see Beauty and the Beast with my gf we killed time waiting for showing went to eat did some shopping when we got to the theater no parking spots and the line was literally out the door with a sign posted in window Beauty & the Beast sold out so we were bummed, we waited till last night went out to eat and got there early to try and see it again we thought oh look we are fine there is no huge line place looks rather decent and not super busy so we go to line to pay for tickets guess what ? Beauty & the Beast sold out again .....but they do still have tickets to see it in 3-D so we had to pay a little more but we saw it and it was awesome and looked great ad we had a good time !!
I got salary hike last month for my good performance in my office and all appreciated me and that moment made me more happy.
I was happy to watch the newest season of Grace and Frankie on Netflix when it came out last weekend.
To share my pleasure moment I gave a lunch party to my friends and they were giving gifts and also felt happy like me.
I earned a lot of money
My sister wrote me a really heartfelt birthday card, and told me I was a good role model for her to want to be like.
I got a really good grade on my midterm.
I stand on my balcony, and watch the evening sky. The clouds and the sun seem to be playing hide and seek. Golden rays stream out one second, and are gone the next. Birds are getting back to their nests, after a long day, nearly twelve hours since they left home.
Last month i went to hill station which looks so beautiful
We went for a family trip 3 weeks ago. It was fun and the enjoyments were at their best.
I went to a party and made quite a few new friends. 
The feeling of the smoke going deep into my lungs, the taste of well grown and tended cannabis.
buy a new car was a happy moment
I got up this morning a went for a 3 mile run outside.
I had a conversation with my parents for the first time in a few months.
I was happy when I asked my girlfriend to marry me and she said yes. We plan to marry spring of 2018.
I controlled myself at the store and didnt buy junk food.
I have a promotion from my boss
I was able to get my greens planted this week, which I use for juicing.
My childhood sweetheart accepted my love proposal last month.
To be able to buy a team that my daughter needed.
I bought a large screen TV
Getting the leaks in my roof fixed.
And, for the "hat-trick", my battle with prostate cancer is showing signs of success.  While not in full remission, doctors feel it is stable and chronic treatments will keep it at bay.
I was really happy after I started a new job.  I've never had a job quite like this before.  I'm cleaning a private home and it takes about 5 intense hours to do everything.  Because I wasn't quite sure how it would go, I was really, really happy after (and during).  It felt great to get some confidence in the work and find extra valuable things to do for my new employers.  I was touched, relieved and happy.  It's a good job and I really wanted to do a good job.
my uncle hit 1 year sobriety this last month and it made me feel really happy. 
When I held my 3 months old grand daughter in my arms for the first time.
As I swam through the shiny, shimmering Malaysian sea, a glimpse of black and white caught my eye. As I turned my head cautiously I saw a black and white puppy falling off a wet, slippery jetty. I watched it frighteningly fall into the wavy water. I looked very closely and saw the puppy was in a muddle; his small black head suddenly went under the water.
I found the perfect bridesmaids dresses for my wedding.
GOT NEW PHONE
We went to my hometown to see my parents. Actually we have surprised them without giving prior intimation. That surprise made me very happy. And after a long time, i have spent my time with my parents.
12 Mar was my spouse birthday. Felt happy celebrating with her.
Wrestling with my dog on the bed. 
I had sown some vegetable seeds in my garden.I was waiting for the sprouts and at last they sprouted last week making me very happy !!
My country team won the test match in cricket.
I was accepted to volunteer at the Humane Society.
I had an unplanned day off of work.
I have completed my bike due past month, that made me happy and tension free...
I substituted in the position that I retired from and got to see and work with my two favorite students.
I went on a date with a potential mate last couple of weeks.
Something that made me happy was recieving a birthday present from a friend in the mail. 
I got a letter, an actual handwritten letter, in the mail from a friend living overseas!
Eating a great sub from Harris Teeter
AFTER THE MARRIAGE WE WENT FOR AN HONEYMOON
My husband brought me flowers.
I received a shopping coupon worth 10$ for my next purchase in the super market 
I called a longtime friend after midnight, and though he did not answer, he called back in a few minutes and we spoke until my phone died.
I had a great conversation with a family member about a topic that was not addressed for some time and I felt very relieved that the 'elephant in the room' was finally discussed.
I just heard a week ago that my student loans will be paid off in the next seven months.
My cousin came to visit from out-of-state. 
people would like to addict for drugs ...but i was slightly different.. mad of sports.. it was a live cricket match.. and i am supporting for my favorite  franchise.. my Friends and me  all were crazy about.. others were supporting for other franchise.. the get together with friends and supporting my favorite team  with come of coffee.. feels so happy.. that moment was more sweeter than the coffee i had on that day..
I made a really good new recipe for dinner.
Taking my dog to the vet and finding out that his heart murmur hasn't gotten any worse.
I donated to charity.
My husband and I got Jamba Juice and wandered around Goodwill.
I was happy when my child received an honor at school.
I was very happy when we finally got our leaky roof fixed that has been leaking for years.
light some candles, soak in a hot bath, delve into a good booka| are you feeling better yet
my daughter wins the scholarship exam conducted by the school with high marks only 3 children qualified for the scholarship i felt so happy and proud
cousin came over to live with us for a while.
My eldest son who is 27 just got word he has a new job after finishing his bachelors degree. This made me very happy!
I went for a walk in the snow
My boss finally agreed to change my working hours to suit my parenting needs better and reduce stress coming from arranging childcare. 
I was able to pass an extremely hard math exam in college, which made me very happy because this is the last class I have to take to get my degree!
I found out that I passed my qualifying exam at my graduate school, which was a huge hurdle I had to overcome and was very nervous about.
I got a job offer last month
The day I had my child 
I rescued a stray kitten that looked malnourished, now it is healthy and playful.
I won a free car competition at a local company.  There were having a random raffle drawing and I bought a few tickets to support the local track team.  I ended up winning the most sought out prize.
I was happy when it began to snow and all of my classes for the day were canceled. 
Getting my backyard looking nice, landscaping, mulching. 
We got our 2017 mah jongg cards yesterday and were able to play with them, that was fun and exciting and I am happy they are finally here.
Bumped into an old co-worker on Monday at the bank.  She went out of her way to say she misses me at work - which I had not anticipated.  We got along very well, but we weren't all that close.  Nice to know people miss you. 
I got some really cute shoes Monday.
Reading books of my favourite author
Throwing my daughter's 9th birthday party and it turned out really good.
I was happy in the last month when I got to spend the weekend with my fiance. Neither one of us had to work, which is rare. We slept in, got to have breakfast together, cuddle with our dog, and fly by the seat of our pants with how we wanted to spend our day. It was so much fun and we really enjoyed each others time! 
invested money in a business and got huge profit with low experience, this create me get confident on my business approach.
My son completed his homework.
We just had a baby boy
Having the opportunity to be at home by myself for a few hours.
A friend from high school posted an online message,saying that she loved me.
I was happy when I got approved to finance our new house and move into next week.
Here are a few simple things you can do every day to feel happier at home. 1. Make your bed. In a popular post last month
I woke up on time today after getting more sleep than I typically do, and was able to eat breakfast.
I felt happy going out with friends last night to trivia night. It feels wonderful to be surrounded by good people who understand me. 
Learning to make a new object in a 3D modeling program.
When I actually got up and did a full exercise routine this morning.
Finding and cashing out a couple of CD's.
I AM VERY GOOD FAMILY AND CHILDREN
I got dressed up and went out to eat with some of my best friends. 
I was happy when I helped a friend get her car to the shop to be repaired.
This month my father is recovering from surgery and he is doing well. 
I was happy that last Saturday that my husband and me finally have time to fish.  It had been at least 6 months since last time we fish.  We didn't catch a lot but sure enjoy the time being together and have chance to relax.  Both of us are having fun that day.
The moment we found our cat after we thought she was missing.
when a friend of mine called me after along 
I dry cleaned the old drapes that was in the house for 20 years. 
I felt happy when I got my favorite movie in the mail "The Thing", and watching it.
The birthday of my niece.
Last time I got my brand new mobile and found it was missed within the week of time of its purchase.
I went out to dinner with my girlfriend.
I met a new man that has the potential to be a keeper. 
I got a snow day off from work
I took some Kratom and relaxed in bed and watched a couple of my favorite shows, feeling very nice and euphoric. 
With new job
My older daughter and I had a very long heart to heart conversation.
My wife and I received news that we would be getting money back this year on our taxes, which is most unexpected, and we are thrilled.
My husband is FINALLY FIXING our carport roof, which has been in serious disrepair for a long time.
In yoga, I was able to do a forearm stand in the middle of the room. 
A moment that made me happy was when my spouse got a babysitter and surprised me to a night out and a homemade desert, and told me we where going on a road trip to visit my mom soon. 
I had a very good seafood meal that was delivered to me.
I saw my grandson receive an award at his school.
The Oregon Ducks made it to the final 4 in college basketball.
My daughter wanted to go snowboarding in Vermont on a school trip but we didn't have the money.  I managed to pull it together at the last minute and she was so happy.
A shirt that I ordered came in the mail.
My daughter told me thank you for buying her a small gift and renting a movie for us to watch together.
Hanging out with my husband at a Target looking at sale items. We really didn't buy any sale items but just hanging out with him make my world go around. 
I bought a mega millions lottery ticket last night as well. I read an article at one point written by a mathematician that said something like you would have to buy 300 tickets a day since the ice age to statistically win mega millions... that's even worse odds than the regular lotto. But it still gives me a little twinge of hope and happiness just to know that I'm in the game. There's a chance today I could just never have to wake up to a buzzing alarm clock again.  I felt that last night when the first number hit correctly. None of the others did, but it was still pretty exciting and made me happy. And looking back on that feeling, it makes me happy now as well.
I received a promotion at work that I had been working really hard on.
My golf buddies and I came in first place at our golf club scramble tournament two weeks ago and won $100 each.
I took my daughter to Corning Glass Museum for the day.
I went to the movies to see Get Out with my friends. 
hiking with my family and leasing on our hammock 
We received a $50 gift card in the mail.
It was nice weather a couple weekends ago, so I was able to sit outside, relax, and read a book uninterrupted.
last month we went to a orphanage and distributed some books and stationary to the kids.the happiness in their faces made me feel very happy.
"Feeling a Moment" is a song by Welsh rock band Feeder, from their 2005 album Pushing the Senses. It was released as the second single from the album, and reached #13 in the UK Singles Chart and #32 in Australia. At the end of 2005, it was voted 98th best song of the year by the readers of Q Magazine.[1] Upon release of the single, the album's sales increased significantly in the wake of the single's presence on Radio 1's A-list.
Hanging out with friends all day last Saturday made me really happy as well.
I learned from my tax accountant that I owe very little in income taxes this year.
I have done first Spring cleaning in my home making it look tidy and smell fresh.
I was able to lose a few pounds I'd been carrying. 
I reached my goal weight after working really hard on a fitness program and cleaning up my diet.
I am blessed with a baby girl
Face timing with my family in another state
My husband and I celebrated the 37th anniversary of the day we met.
My cat rolled over on his back because he knows that I'll pet him if he does it.
There have been some nice breakthroughs at work lately that I know will lead to better things down the road.  
A movie (Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping) I wanted to watch was on demand. It made me happy because I could watch it without anyone bothering me. I thought the movie was good. 
My birthday party
I enjoyed a nice cup of tea while my kids played nicely together, without arguments. 
My friends and I are making great steps on a project that we are starting together.
I was happy three weeks ago when my husband surprised me with concert tickets to a musical group that will playing in May.
My son got his school pictures back and I shared them with neighbors. 
I drove a jet ski for the first time at the farmhouse of a childhood friend.
I was able to see one of my most anticipated movies, Logan, starring Hugh Jackman.
My youngest son started to laugh and smile.
I got good data in my experiments.
My child's cheer team got first place in this past month's competition.
Spending time with my friends over the weekend made me happy the past month.
I went for a nice long walk.
I tried a new restaurant Din Tai Fund for the first time and I have been wanting to go for forever and finally went and it was great. 
This one will be a bit odd--after several days of inconsistent, tiny poops, I came home from work today and had one of the physically longest, smoothest, and widest unbroken poops I've had in years.
My son's teacher told me that he had the best day ever in her class.
I am so incredibly happy about the news that I got this morning from my friend regarding her mom!  They have been doing test after test and they have found the problem now and are moving forward.  There will be some tough times ahead but I am so happy they figured it out.  When I saw her at the hospital today she looked so great!
The weather is finally nice enough out that I can walk around without a jacket, so I'm getting so much more walking in!
I met my best girlfriend for the first time in my life, since we met over the internet, and she was exactly who I thought her to be.
I started a diet and lost 5 pounds the first week.
Taking a walk in the woods behind my house after weeks of being unable to.
My London trip its fabulous no words to explain about London beauty we enjoyed a lot there
My son got 1st rank in the assignment test. 
I was very happy when my eldest son found himself a great partner and they bought a home together.
Succeeding in my health goals!
My wife and I got over being upset with one another. 
It made me happy when my husband was offered a job after six months of unemployment.
When my daughter and I spent an entire day listening to music, laughing, and talking.
Another church provides a free bag lunch once a week, and they also give out a few bus tokens.  The lunch is just a sandwich, but they use whole wheat bread, which is wonderful because homeless are usually provided meals with empty white starch.  This church also puts a banana in each lunch bag.  Sometimes these simple things are the best.  
Listening to a panel on urban reconstruction in postwar east Asia at a conference.
I had the opportunity to spend two days with my youngest daughter.  She lives 3 hours away and came to stay the weekend.  We took walks.  Cleaned our cars.  Had nice dinners.  And enjoyed each others company.  It was so good to have her home.
good news in study
I got back money for taxes. I had a huge refund this year!
I helped an elderly relative with some chores around her house.  They were easy for me but would have been hard for her.  I could tell she was really happy.
We went out to a restaurant I hadn't been to recently and got excellent service.
I got home from work to see that my son had cleaned the house and prepared dinner for me.
Going out to dinner for my birthday which was march. Everything including alcohol drinks were free, only because they were testing a new menu. 
My cat curled up on my side while I was going to sleep.
I just booked a two weeks trip to Japan for next month.
I went to watch a comedy show and it was amazing.
Hearing that my parents are coming to town for a few days
My father gave one acre of land to me as a token of gift.
When I pick my son up from school and he calls my name out and comes and gives me a big hug and kiss.  Then tells me about his day on the way home. 
Completing an hour long bike race. 
My husband sold a big account at work and we were able to pay off some debt! 
A friend of mine volunteered to fix the power steering pump on my car for no charge (except for the parts) which saved me a ton of money.
I got to spend time with my best friend when we went to the theaters to see a movie. It's not something we do often, so it was a great and fun way to catch up and do something we both really wanted to do. I was so happy that I wish the day had lasted longer.
I beat the legend of zelda breath of the wild and really enjoyed the ending.
My sister passed post graduation last month with 98.7% marks scored. That was district first ranking and news media persons came home to interview her. That was also a happy moment.
When my paycheck was large enough to pay all the bills I needed to pay.
I got a appreciation from my boss for doing a huge sales of laptops and desktops for this month. I awarded top performer of the month.
I was happy when I went out with my friends to a club and just hung out.
I was able to start a shared friendship with another couple for myself and my wife.
A friend of mine that I'd not spoken to in year called me up and we talked for a long time. He needed to build a new computer so I helped him pick out all of his parts and we are still communicating through email now. 
I stood up for a friend , a coworker is getting bullied by a customer due to his appearance , i said to the customer to fck herself.
I dont know if that was I appropriate but I hater her.
I got promoted to assistant manager at my work. 
I came to some important decisions about what I want to try to achieve in my life over the next year or so. 
My boss gave me a higher annual raise than expected 
Yesterday, I discovered that my phone I dropped in water might be able to be fixed.
I got a phone call from one of my grandsons telling me that he was chosen to interview for a prestigious internship at Harvard University. I am still smiling
An outside cat my wife and I feed gave birth to 3 kittens and they're insanely adorable.
Another thing that made me happy this month was making up my mind to go to a mainly plant based diet.
I love petting my cat, Annie, she is so affectionate and calming.

I was happy when I got a pay bonus last month.
My one year old grandson learning to say "Batman" in a batman voice.
My cat, who adores my husband and only gives me attention when my husband is not around, finally started giving me affection. He cuddles and snuggles with me now. I love this!
Being able to cookout and have dinner outside on our deck as a family.
Getting to see my Dad last week.
we did pretty well in the competition
Getting to know someone, a new, special friend.
It made me happy to take a nice, long spa day by myself last week. I needed some time to relax after a hard work week and the spa day was exactly what I needed. 
A friend gave me a wireless headset so that I don't have to keep snagging the cord on my wired one.
Another thing that made me happy is when I went to my friends house and we shot guns while also going in town.
Watching my favorite childhood movie The Wizard of Oz on television.
I got to play The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild and it is a really great and engaging game to play.
My father got a higher salary ,i was so happy for him.
I was happy when I was cuddling with my girlfriend watching Iron Fist on Netflix.
I was able to get a good, full night of sleep this week.  I actually woke up feeling refreshed.
I became happy when the second season of "Better Call Saul" finally made it to Netflix.
Ive been saving for a purse i really loved and i finally had enough and went to buy it but it was gone. I went yesterday and saw one siting there so i grabbed it up and bought it. I absolutely love it.
Running errands with and hanging out with my Mom.
I was offered an exciting professional opportunity. 
I met someone at the grocery store this week and we hit it off.
Taking a walk through the park with my wife and dog on a sunny Sunday afternoon.
Getting Mexican food for dinner, it was really good. 
Getting the grade back for my Astronomy Exam because it was what I expected
Another thing that made me happy this past month was to learn that my 16 year old son will be staying with me for a week for his spring break he has since moved with his dad across the country. I cant wait to see him. 
I have been trying to gain weight and have gained almost 10 pounds in muscle
I love to play with my toddler.
I was happy when I was watching a funny video on YouTube about one of my favorite video games.
Found out my sick dog was going to be okay.
I have been into tiny homes for the past 6 or 7 years now, its a passion of mine to design and build one someday. my first one I recently decided I wanted it to be school bus tiny house for economical reasons just to start off. the school buses I have found so far at the time were too expensive or too beat up to even consider. well two weeks ago I found a website besides craigslist where you can bid on school buses that the state sales that are in almost perfect condition because they are required to maintain them, but can't keep them once they reach a certain mileage or age which ever comes first, and it's really close to where I live meaning I don't have to travel out of state to get it when I win it. 
My kids. 
It made me happy to see my sister yesterday, as I haven't seen her in a long time. 
I went out with my brother. 
The last monday i ate salmon.
eat my favorite dinner 
The third thing that made me happy was that i went on holidays for 3 days in a beautiful island.
When I got to see my mother after not seeing her in a year 
I made a breakthrough with a difficult client at work.
I found a better way to get to work.
My sister gave me a blu-ray as a present
I cooked for my family and they said that I was a good cook. 
I helped my significant other finish sending out invitations for our wedding.
I was incredibly happy to find out my father-in-law is now cancer free as of his last doctors visit!
Getting and email of my 7 year old Grandson's artwork which was / is absolutely amazing.  His artwork is getting better constantly.  It made me so happy to see it, I almost cried.
It made me happy when I spoke to people who built their own business 
getting a promotion at work, thereby getting a salary increase
I had followed a complex recipe making roasted duck, which took me hours and I had successfully made it. 
Playing with my cat.
My boyfriend treating me with tenderness and saying "I love you"
My customer sent a very positive feedback about my work to my boss.
Celebrated my parent's anniversary with them.
I celebrated my mom's birthday and it was fun to be with family.
Past month, My friends celebrate my birthday. I feel happy , very enjoyment. My birthday celebration continue 3days. so i am very happy for one.
I have recently started driving after years of being afraid of the road. I have learned that my fear was all for nothing and that I am actually quite good at it.
The third thing that made me happy was my nephew picking me out of the whole family to read a story to his class. 
After looking for a new house for quite a while I went to an open house last week and think I am finally going to place my first house offer.  
I was happy when I made and ate a special dessert.
When I got a seat on both buses today since I had a lot carrying. 
When I made my first dollar working from home this month. 
What made me happy this month is the warm weather. 
I completed some home improvements that I had put off for many months. 
I saved up and was able to book a vacation in Florida for myself and my girlfriend. We've wanted to go on vacation for a long time now, and haven't been able to afford it.
Being able to take all 3 of my kids shopping for their birthday presents and not having to worry about how much money I spent. 
i bought 5.1 Sony home theater for my home and after installation i felt that sound was too good and last month fully watching movie with 5.1 surround sound and i was very happy that moment.
I received a compliment on a presentation I made at work.
I felt happy when I got my vehicle back from being repaired after being damaged by vandals.
my co workers made a cake for me
I was very Happy this past Sunday when my husband took me to see the new movie "Beauty and the Beast", not very husband will watch something like that with their wife.
I was very happy when my husband and I went to eat Indian food as it smelled amazing and was delicious, and the company was superb.
My niece bought a new house and my family got together and helped her move.
It made me very happy to have lunch with a friend that I have not seen in a very long time. We took hours in the restaurant talking and sharing stories and we picked up right where we left off. 
Finishing all my chores early in the week and getting to relax during this past weekend, made me very happy.
My church and i delivered care bags to the local homeless.
Talking with my brother on the phone and joking with him made me happy today.
Gas price slightly dropped.
I bought tickets to a concert I really want to see.
my boyfriend grabbing my hand and kissing it saying i'm the only one for him. 
The moment I had a great conversation with a super person I met.
Surviving my stroke. Not everyone does. 
The day I am very happy to win college examination
When I beat Zelda Breath of the Wild with my new Nintendo Switch.
I found a gorgeous dress at a deep discount.
I won 20 dollars from a scratch ticket.
I found out that the size of my team at work will be doubling, lessening my workload (and stress level).
Seeing the interaction between spouses and their brand new baby.
I was able to go out to the movies for a movie that the whole family could see.
My husband took care of me when I was sick.
Finding a chocolate bunny I thought I already ate.
We were able to pay off our car payment 18 months early.
Getting paid for my job. Having money to pay my bills makes me happy. As a lot of people are unemployed. 
I went to my parents house for dinner.  My mom made me my favorite meal.  I hadn't had it in many years and I was craving it.  I spent time with my parents and my wife.  we had great conversations.  We spent the whole day together.
I was able to negotiate a price reduction on some shirts that the supplier had used the wrong colored thread on the logo.
i bought a new vehicle.
My father came to visit me, and that made me happy!
A week later, after I got the parts in, I had to learn how to actually build the PC. I watched a YouTube video and was able to do it by following it. I didn't make a single mistake and felt really good about myself. And, of course, I now had a great PC working for me, and that made me really happy too.
I got approved for housing.
We got the house clean and organized.
I made a great meal for my family using leftovers from the previous day.
My friend told me that the things we've been talking about in my own life have helped her, too.
Moved into a brand new apartment that was just build in the last year, with perfect views and great population of people.
Another happy moment within the past month was having brunch with a few friends.
I spent an evening having dinner with an old friend and caught up on old times.
My dog scratches on the door and wakes me up to get under the warm blanket when mom leaves for work.
My boyfriend surprised me with a Luke Bryan CD because he knows how much I like his music.
A man with kids in his car played with my dog, who was in my car, by peeping a stuffed animals out at her.
I flirted with a guy pn Facebook. He told me I was sexy.
I went out to get lunch and they gave it to me for free for waiting a few minutes.
Thinking about going to the beach soon. 
I met up with an old friend that I hadn't talked to in about a year to watch some basketball games.  
I shaved my beard down to a mustache and received lots of compliments on it.
My boyfriend and I discussed plans for the future, including getting married and buying a house together. 
Being born
I got a raise for good job performance.
Learning music with zero percent knowledge with my friends
A dear friend of mine came over to help cut up a tree limb. It was comical to watch him use a rusty hacksaw and a sledge hammer to get the job done.
I had a relaxing day of shopping with my mother-in-law for the first time in a long time.
I was able to budget better and save money this month.
I got to spend the weekend fishing with a good friend that I have not seen in a while. 
When I won a battle at work for an ongoing project that I was going to lose but ended up getting the best outcome possible and making people happy. 
My husband bought me feminine hygiene products without me asking him.  
The last thing to made me happy when I worked a rough day on Thursday. On Friday, work went well and was really easy. 
I had a quiet afternoon with my boyfriend. We watched a movie, I made dinner and we got talk. It doesn't sound like much but we both have such busy schedules that when we have the time for the two of us just to relax and be at home it makes us both happy. 
I was happy when a friend of mine came over to watch a movie with me. 
Finally getting back to work after my surgery, and seeing some friends.
My best friend, who lives in a different state, made plans to come visit me in the next couple of weeks. 
I spent the afternoon on the patio of a bar the day after St. Patrick's day with a large group of neighbors and friends. We stayed there until after dark and then went to a party together. 
My daughter turned 10 last Sunday and having her dance party was so much fun. I was so happy to see how surprised and happy she was.
My wife surprised me with a trip to New York.
Going outside and doing a small job makes me feel happy.
I was happy when I received my federal and state tax refunds.
I felt incredibly happy when it started raining, and I smelled the rain and dirt smell together outside for the first time in over a month. 
I witnessed a car street race.
I hung out with a cute girl last night and we talk stories, laugh and flirt, it was fun
I won an online Poker tournament and earned $500. 
I was complimented on my attractiveness in a photo I posted to my Facebook.
I was happy today to come home to my happy, slobbery puppy.
I was happy to find out earlier today that my girlfriend and I were approved for a lease on our first choice apartment!
Eating a great meal prepared at a fine local restaurant and just being thankful for that.
My daughter competed in the high school dance competition, and her team won many awards during the event. 
I lost my phone and the guy who found it, even though he didn't have to, waited for me a long time to give it back.
I was happy watching my daughter perform in a community musical.

My wife and I purchased a new television. We have been needing a new one for months now and with my new promotion coming down the line we can afford a new one. It was installed today and we also purchased a 5.1 surround sound to go with it.
I bought tires and was given an unexpected credit due to previous tires not meeting their mileage warranty.
The brake light kept flashing in my car and when I took it in it was only a switch that needed to be replaced.
Playing catch and having a good conversation with my future brother-in-law.
My Elder brother got his appraisal in his work.
I was happy tonight when I didn't have everything I needed for a new recipe but I improvised, made up my own recipes, and dinner was good, so good that hubby and son both got seconds!
Save money for a new grill for parties or a new DVD for family movie night a something that will encourage you to have people over and entertain. Plan a summer barbeque, invite your closest friends, kick back and relax. (And don't forget to print out the pictures to remember the good times.) 
Eating the new taco bell naked chalupa. DELICIOUS! 
What made me happy is that I got to see my favorite artist perform live.
I ate a Cadbury creme egg.
Receiving a warm welcome home from my two greyhounds.
Went to a long journey and collected some memories.
My husband went on tour for a week.
I met with my college friends at a barbecue at one of my friend's houses and we had a party afterwards.
I made an excellent and tasty dish after doing a lot of preparation for it.
Started a new game that I have been waiting a long time to play.
I remember cooking a great carrot that my family just loved to eat. 
We donated food and clothes to street beggars 
1 week ago, we have celebrated my brother birthday
Trip with my new born baby. Awesome clicks captured.
after 10 years i have went to night show cinema with my wife last week. really joy day
My parents stopped by for a visit and brought lasagna.
We finally choose name for our daughter.
coming home to my dog
Walking down the street yesterday I passed a blossoming tree covered in tiny white flowers. It was the only tree like it on the block. I stood under it for about 5 minutes without once grabbing my phone to take a photo. I kept it as my own little moment and that made me very happy.
Hmmmm....My sister has got her pregnancy test positive. She was eagerly waiting for more than 2 years for this happy news. Here my family is in everlasting happiness to see the baby. My sister is enjoying each and every moment from the day she got to know her motherhood.
Outing with friends
I came home and my girlfriend had left me cute notes all over the house.
The last thing is I felt so happy this when i found a book at the library that I have been wanting for a long time.
I recently mastered a champion in League of Legends that I considered to be incredibly difficult. It filled me with a lot of pride and happiness for a while considering how difficult the specific champion is to use.
it was my fathers birthday last week and we celebrated the birthday for second time, all these are taking place because of my sisters daughter who is 8 years of age, our angel and she is very energetic and loves to do all these things, and it seems she always loves their grandparents than their parents and thats the happiest things for parents too.
A good illustration in my case is that on my 22nd birthday, my friends made me a really emotional video from all the years that we have been friends. Without the usage of the camera and video-recorder, this could never have happened.
I was happy when I wrote a song.
My goal is to be down 40 pounds by early to mid summer, and I am already a fourth of the way there, being done 12 pounds as of yesterday!
My niece took her first steps.
I saw her on street. She was walking with her friend. the smile of her was universe
I got a wonderful life partner in my life last month & he is good match for me i love this   good & happy life 
i am very interested to work in job because they praise me a lot and trusting me very much
I spend weekend with my friends after long days.
Last month on a weekend we went to kids play area for my kid. All the kids were enjoying and playing well. My kid also felt very happy while playing and she tried playing all the games there. She was not at all interested to come out of the play area. We too enjoyed a lot seeing her playing and enjoying well with other kids.
Literally I understood What God actually said and what he wants us to do. That made me extremely happy. 
There was a magic show arrangement for the children and magician was arranging his things. In the waiting area, I saw children watching where I was sitting. Then they called me inside with the other people I was sitting with. When I was with them, they started to ask so many questions that where I was from and why I was visiting them when I didnt know them? Their questions struck my mind.
The weather is very nice.
A very dear friend of mine that I haven't heard from in years wrote me an email asking how my life was. 
I attending an entertaining event.
GOT APPRECIATION FROM MY MD.
not going to fast food, acheiving the goal to stop going to unhealthy restaurants and saving money
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
I had dinner at Pho Ca Dao and had a pretty good bowl of pho there.
Last week my son got first price in overall academics.
After working late and not being able to attend for two weeks, I finally got to attend my jiu jitsu and muay thai classes with my 12 year old daughter.  We had a great workout and felt great afterward.
t was my son health got better
I one 600$ last night playing poker at the local charity room, which was a nice little payday.
Was able to withdraw a payment from Paypal that had it pending for almost 2 weeks.
Went to movie and restaurant with my family it was a happy moment
i was happy because that i had a bike ride with my friend in a road,i felt that a happy moment
I had a pretty in depth conversation with a friend about a topic I heavily interested in.
I bought a new gun for Counter Strike game.
yesterday i saw butterfly it was surrounding upon me i enjoyed this moment
My older child started hauling in firewood without me having to ask him.  I usually have to prompt him to do any kind of work for me.  I was very happy and proud!
Today I came to know that one of my colleagues has finalized her date of wedding.
I was listening to my kids laugh in the car on the way home from school
I went to choir practice and got to sing.
It made me happy to hear about my husband's day at work when he described it to me yesterday. 
Last night I watched an episode of aThe Waltonsa with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed 
I have a start-up Sugar Free blog that felt nearly impossible to keep up during the holidays and I just got a message from a follower saying aI am so encouraged by your account, I just found out I have to go completely sugar free, and I had no idea I could still eat so many amazing foods!a.
My boyfriend posted a photo of me on Facebook with a heart emoji as the caption. 
Just few hours ago went for a short trip to the central park and had a good walk there for 45 minutes.  i enjoyed the fresh and cool air. Birds were making mild noise and everything was cool and calm. It felt very nice and was my happy moment of the day.
I had really good tacos for dinner. 
That I finally paid off my hospital bills!
I bought a new oven which I wanted since a long time
Sadly, a co-worker who caused so much drama and problems at work resigned and that made me happy. Finally the drama is gone. 
i go to the temple and service the temple ,i enjoy the moment.
I spoke to my best friend whom I hadn't spoken to or seen in over a year.
I received a job offer in Switzerland.
I watched Through the Looking Glass last night, and I didnt particularly care for the movie, but I dang near cried at the end, it made me so happy, because they ended with these words:Dedicated to Our Friend Alan Rickman.My boyfriend made me soup, his own improvised recipe.
I sat outside on the porch and played my guitar.
My car passed its inspection
I was happy today because I got the new Star Wars movie on bluray. I watched it at my brothers home theater with him and his girlfriend, it was a really great movie.
I caught up on sleep.
Before 2hours i got my monthly payment ,this is one of the happy moment 
My daughter scored almost 100% on her kindergarten testing.
My cat kept sneaking into the kitchen, where she is not allowed, and that was very funny
I got a discount offer for my favorite magazine subscription and it made me happy
I made my partner some dinner and she enjoyed it a lot.
Started reading a new book last night, about how different writers through the ages have constructed their stories, characters and so on, and I'm really enjoying it.
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
My wife gave birth to a baby boy and this made me happy.
I went on a romantic date with my girlfriend.
When my family plan a abroad tour with me
I was happy spending time talking and playing video games with my significant other.
I found the light bulb to put in my antique china cabinet. It is very old and hard to find a working one.
I was complemented on my outfit by a classmate. I put a lot of effort into my outfit, so I was happy. 
I went to playschool to pick my daughter who was very shy and won't mingle with her friends , but today I saw her talking to her friends and that made me happy. 
I was told that I was doing well in training at work.
I got to go out to lunch with two of my friends at work and we had a nice time. We visited a pizza place I hadn't been to in years.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
i made chicken biriyani
My husband has been trying to lose weight for a while. He was stuck at the same weight for 3 days and was getting depressed. This morning he told me that he finally had dropped another pound. That made me happy because since I am the one that is controlling his diet, I knew I was doing something right.
I passed my driving test today.
I made a special dish for my son  which he was asking for a long time.
My Wife went to her hometown last 1 week. She return to my home today that is the happiest moment forever.
i really love these live and structured fine place and wonderful scenarios and climatic events and also i like what i see i feel am great at everything.
TODAY I WENT TO MY SCHOOL. I SAW MY FRIENDS. NOW THEY ARE WORKING AS A TEACHER AS SAME SCHOOL. VERY HAPPY TO SEE MY OLD FRIENDS. I NEVER FORGET.
The college Coach for golf came to scout my daughter yesterday.
i brought new laptop
I made good income from Mturk.
i make break fast to day
I WAS ENJOYED BECAUSE MY SENIOR OFFICER APPRECIATE ME FOR MY WORK
1. I received my son's board exam result declared and he successfully completed his course with distinction  by yesterday made me very very happy moment.

I had walked from school to home with my kid and got a book for her from the library. She was happy to have a new book to read.
I saw her on rainy days. She was walking on street. That moment was the best moment in my life
When my wife told me she loved me when I woke up this morning. 
It made me happy when I realized that I had the day off today and didn't have to go to work! 
Yesterday morning my dogs let me sleep for an extra half hour without bothering me.
I was able to get to work on time even though I woke up late. 
I buy a Car
I listening some old songs and it led me to old memories.
We finished moving our large non essential possessions to our new home!
Yesterday i went to my native place and i was very happy because all my childhood memories came and i can feel it still.
My spouse and I had a fun time gaming with each other.
i went to temple to day
I had to do some really rough tasks, but it wasn't as bad as I was initially anticipating. 
Yesterday I got engagement with my lover made me very happy.
yesterday we went to comedy movie. really we enjoyed the lot due to the timing comedy
Getting a package in the mail from a old friend mad be happy yesterday. They sent something that was very sentimental. 
The way of thinking, like my thoughts have been changed and travelling towards my future achievement.
I purchased a New Camera for taking photos
We had a wonderful spring day with bright blue sky yesterday; my one year old son and I saw a flock of storks flying above us on the way to children's park; we both felt very happy and excited.
I was offered and accepted my DREAM job...I never in a million years thought I would be offered an elementary PE job. They are so far and few between and when you are hired you keep that job for 20+ years. The best part is that the school is where my kids go AND 3 minutes down the road.
My boss congratulated me for the performance I had shown on last two projects.
I did not drink
I woke up with a headache. My husband made me coffee and brought it to me in bed. 
I made chicken alfredo pasta for dinner.
I purchased some variety pet birds.  
I had a very enjoyable lunch with my children and mother-in-law.
today is my rest day and it makes me happy that i can rest.
I danced around with my kid which made the both of us happy.
The guy I hired to clean my back yard actually showed up.
Walking around the park with my daughters.
I brought our puppy to the groomers for a fresh cut.  When he came out, he looked great.
I completed an important project at work that I had been working on it for about two and a half weeks.
played 5.1 effect audio song and danced with my friends for that song with full sprit
I watched movie of my favourite hero
Taking a long walk with my husband in a nearby park.
Yesterday was my birthday and my girlfriend made me a great crock pot lava cake that I loved
I had a very successful meeting with some coworkers and it made me feel very happy.
I won in the card game i was playing.
I had to travel around 180 km for a official meeting. I started early in the morning, I took bus for my travel. In the middle of travel, after 2 hours bus stopped for 5 minutes break. during that I had a breakfast. It was a great moment. As I was very hungry.
I went 35mph down a hill on my bicycle.
I was happy in the past 24 hours when my son and I played catch in the backyard.
I was happy when I was able to take my baby outside for a walk in his stroller.
Providing dinner and relaxation for my fiancee before she had to leave on a trip
I enjoyed some wine and cheese at a wine bar near my house.
I got the permission from my company management for higher study.
When I made money at work
My friend share me a old journey video.
I found a great deal on a radio that I've been wanting for a while.
I went to a three hour painting class last night where I got to paint a picture of my cat, Spock and it turned out wonderful!
I went shopping at antique stores with my mom and friend.
The value of bitcoins went up, which means my fraction of a bitcoin is worth a little bit more.
A feral kitten that I trapped two days ago is eating well, and let me pet him.
My favorite ice cream place opened for the season and I bought and ate a quart of my favorite flavor.
I talked to my Grandma on the phone and she told me she is feeling great after her surgery yesterday.
When i am praying Allah, My soul gets the peace. This made me feel happy
The icing on the cake is that that boy belongs to a relatively poor and uneducated family living on my street. The very fact that he was trying to communicate with me with the little English that he had learned in school made my day.
My cat had kittens a few days ago and I went out to feed the mama cat and the kittens are doing really well. 
When I ate a delicious medium rare steak for dinner.
my daughters fever broke, she's been sick for almost a week.
I still haven't gotten my period, so I think I may finally be pregnant after trying for over a year.
I was able to spend all day yesterday with my youngest child.  She's a spit fire and sometimes hard to get her attention.  We spent the day shopping and running errands.  When we got home all she wanted to do was sit on the couch with me and cuddle.  I never get to spend time with her like that.  We probably cuddled and looked at old videos for 2 hours.  She would belly laugh at videos of her older sister doing silly things.  It truly made me happy.  One day my girls are going to be grown up, but I will always cherish this time with them while they are litle.
chatting with my old friend  
The happiest moment in the last 24 hours was when I reunited with my best mate, Luke, and took 2 Polaroid photos before he headed back to London.
Yesterday, my husband collected wildflowers and I am keeping them alive still. It makes me happy to see them because it reminds me of how much my husband loves me.
Yesterday i met my uncle. He came from Australia. Yes he is working there. My uncle and aunty both of them came to home yesterday. I was eager to meet them. Finally i met them yesterday. I'm so happy. 
When I got my paycheck.
Some incidences that I want to relate where I have been the happiest in the past few weeks. I'm sharing the best week of probably the decade. I suddenly booked tickets to Tirupti, where my sister lives with her husband and their cute daughter. I love being with my niece, she is all I got. This journey was all about randomness and I think randomness gave me joy.
My niece. She is sweet, cute and the most adorable creature in this world for me. She hugs me, snuggles up to me when we are sleeping, tickles me. I get pecks from her all the time.
It's never about the place. It's about the people you spend time with. I have never been much happier. Whenever I went to Tirupati and was traveling back to Bangalore, I felt like I had failed my most important exam, maybe I was missing a train. I cried like a small baby every time I left that place. This time it was different, this time I was happy. I was myself, my true self. Peace!
Making upcoming plans for the next two weeks with friends and their children while my husband will be working made me happy. 
My 3-year-old daughter wanted to have dinner just me and her out on our deck.
A client bought us lunch yesterday at a very nice BBQ place.
I got promoted as Senior manager yesterday, feeling very happy.
I play the daily fantasy site draftkings just about every day. I play DFS NBA just about everynight its been kind of a rough year and I've lost a decent amount of money. However, last night my team was doing pretty well when I went to bed and when I woke up I won the tournament and won $5,000! Completely wiping out my few hundred dollars of losses. Huge night and I am so happy! I'm going to pay off my car now which is a big accomplishment for me! 
I made my goal on mturk
I ran through the rain and didn't get my feet wet!
One hour of mindfulness meditation sitting on a zafu in the silence of my bedroom.
My daughter got up to her alarm clock, without any assistance from me, and got ready to go to school completely independently. 
After a horrible month-long experience of issues getting a couch delivered, I was refunded $150 of it yesterday.
last week went to tour with my family in kerala. kerala is  a very beautiful city. we are enjoyed and we are going to zoo 
seeing the more animals and beautiful places, flowers, bird we are very happy that moments.
a relative made me a batch of choc chip cookies.
i work very hard and to east to take it is so exciting movement
My spouse made me some delicious french pressed coffee.
My daughter called to tell me she finally found a new job.
Today is my best friends birthday and I surprised her with flowers and mimosas before work.  I do not live with her so I had to get up early and get there before work.  She really appreciated it.
When i was watching tv this afternoon, suddenly i saw one of my old friend chatting in panel discussion in of the cable network, so seeing my friend and her talks, made me feel really happy.
Watching a movie all my myself on the couch.
I had a good day at work.
I went to near by shop i found a new baby near the shop she was crying, I took her to my home and gave advertisement through local channel. The parent came and got the baby
I was happy when I went out to celebrate my brother and sister's birthday with them last night.
When I got back home from work and my 6 months old baby girl saw me for the first time of the day and she gave me the most ecstatic smile ever.
My infant daughter started giggling at a funny face that I made at her and it made my heart want to explode with joy.
I had a delicious new kind of apple.
It is difficult for me to explain a situation that has impacted my life. When God created the earth he decided that every person would be different, some big others small, some thick others thin. He also decided that everyone would have different behaviors. Some people would be shy and calm with little talking, while others the total opposite loud and more extravagant. Between all these categories I represent the shy and calm, for this reason it is very hard for me to express an impacting moment in my life. The most impacting moment in my life occurred many years ago when I started living my life fully and felt complete. My parents decided to register me to a public school in the city Guayama and I did not dominate well the language Spanish. For me this news was very impacting. One of the reasons I was scared of learning a second language I didnt dominate, another reason was losing all the friends I had made and had kept me company for many years but the major reason was leaving the house in the military base Roosevelt roads.
Spending time with my mom and seeing her smile and laugh.
I got back home from work, take a few minutes of rest and played with my kid the entire afternoon.
I  purchased birthday dress for my wife, she is celebrating her birthday day after tomorrow.
i ate a good lunch
When I went bowling, all 3 of my games were above my average and I helped my team win all 4 points for the day against the other team. 
O colleague of mine said to me that i was dressed like a movie star today
I got off of work.
My sick dog that has not been eating started to eat again. 
I bought a new phone case
Seeing and talking with friends
I went out to dinner with my family.
Today my husband my son and me we are went to temple that fall eye drops in my eyes
I m very happy when i go with my wife to take a tour of city.
I went to the casino with some friends and won 450 Dollars.
Yesterday I received an early birthday phone call from a friend that lives in another city.
I was travelling in a public transport today.It was a bus I was travelling today.The bus driver driving the bus was very furious and determined to drive fast,that I reached home after my work half an hour before I usually do.I was glad that I got some extra time to spend with my family.
Making love to my wife before work yesterday at about this time. 
I fixed a coolant leak in my car.
My daughter is one...she doesnt do much talking yet. Yesterday afternoon as we were walking in the door from running errands I was holding her and she said "Mama...Hi"!! It made my heart fill with joy. 
Unlocking the next dungeon in Zelda Breath of the Wild made me happy.
One of the best moments over the past 24 hours was when I was pushing my 6 years on our tire swing. 
 I was happy when I picked up my little Grandson from Nursery School.  He makes me happy every time I see him. And then after I get to see him I get to see my daughter when she comes home from work.  
I went for a nice long walk down by the waterfront in my hometown.
My staff meeting got cancelled.
I ran my favorite bridge in the entire world. It was a beautiful, sun filled morning. I ran strong as I looked over the sound and the islands.
Something that made me very happy in the past 24 hours is that I got in a package that I had been waiting for for a while because I had custom ordered a cosplay Star Wars costume back in January and it finally came in yesterday and it looks fantastic and I'm so excited to try it on and see how it fits. 
I had students who really wanted me to see projects they created. 
I reached my daily goal on mturk.
I was happy when I completed my Yoga workout last night.
I was happy because my boss taught showed me a way to do my work a lot faster.
I watched an episode of KonoSuba and enjoyed it.
I have been sharing internet with my neighbor for around two years. The connection, being shared has been awful at times. Yesterday I finally broke down and had my own internet installed in my home so I don't have to share anymore. I'm extremely happy about this experience.
I got an unexpected lead on a new apartment. I'm not quite ready to move yet, but I'm excited about the possibility of jumping on a great deal.
Pushing my little girl on her bike
The first thing that made me happy was that i won a football match with my friends.
This morning, I got paid. That made me really happy.
My wife reached over and held my hand as we were driving.


As I swam through the shiny, shimmering Malaysian sea, a glimpse of black and white caught my eye. As I turned my head cautiously I saw a black and white puppy falling off a wet, slippery jetty. I watched it frighteningly fall into the wavy water.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.

My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.
I made $115 on mTurk, and that's a pretty good day for me.
I got increament in my salary this month.
I got up an hour early to be able to relax and enjoy my first cup of coffee all by myself.
Celebrated with family
I went for a walk to the local rock/ mineral place with my girlfriend and enjoyed the nice weather.
Went to shopping with my friends it was fun and enjoyable
i felt happy when i had a lunch with my colleague have a fun at all 
I got a meal at Texas Road House comped to me due to bad service, and a free appetizer.
I scored 50 runs by myself in cricket match.
yesterday i went church and i pray to god for my job and then i got a good and wonderful job suddenly i am very happy
I made an amazing grilled cheese sandwich for dinner last night.  It was crispy on the outside and had the perfect amount of gooey cheese in the middle.  
Late night I switched off my AC and enjoyed pure natural air in the balcony for at least 2 hours.
I looked at my checking account balance and saw my deposit from my HSA posted.
I finished reading a magazine.
It made me happy to finish listening to a podcast that I was really into. 
Last night I watched an episode of aThe Waltonsa with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks!
My boyfriend told me that he loved and missed me.
I went to Walmart today as there were some sale going on. Grabbed some goodies at great price and also brought few small items that was needed. I felt great as I saved few bucks.
I really enjoyed reading Lord of the Rings last night. 
That my daughter found out she has enough eggs to start the fertility process at the hospital.
My daughter baked a cake for me in the new oven
I was complimented by a stranger. I was in a long line that seemed to never end. This person struck up a conversation that helped the time go by. While talking, this person said something very complimentary to me. That made me happy.
one hour before i go to shop and help the old man cross the road
After weeks of looking for a new job, with no success, I got 2 spontaneous job offers via email.
We got to play Left 4 Dead 2 with another couple.
I played some dota.
I was able to get my workout in on a very busy day
I had one of my favorite recipes that my mom makes for dinner. I went to her house and she made her Chinese spaghetti with is an Oriental version of the Italian dish.
Finished cleaning the house.
after i got my salary ,i order a new brand new phone of my wife, this also one of the moment past 24hours 
My youngest used the bathroom all by herself even pulling her own pants down, which was a first for her.
My best friend gave me a hug to cheer me up
I got a dress material in pink color which is my most favorite color and i was happy
I had a hot soak in the bath.
Cooking a chicken curry last night, the moment when the spices start to fry in the pan and begin to release their aromas.
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
When my son realize their emotions and duty
I was happy to get some alone time and watch a show I enjoyed.
I found a sale on food that allowed me to get 20 items for 10 dollars.
I cleaned the kitchen in time before I left, and I was out the door early. 
I received my free gift from a company. 
I got very good feedback from a customer at work.
My father-in-law who is in the hospital was upgraded from ICU to the stepdown unit and is doing better.
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.[3] Since the turn of the millennium, the human flourishing approach, advanced particularly by Amartya Sen has attracted increasing interest in psychological, especially prominent in the work of Martin Seligman, Ed Diener and Ruut Veenhoven, and international development and medical research in the work of Paul Anand.
ast night i went to dinner with my parents
I finally got paid from someone I had been waiting a long time to pay me for work I had done.
I went outside with my friends and we eat delicious food from the hotel.
I enjoyed watching mr bean animated series with my son.
I planning myself to do one business dealing it was a doubtful for me but it was successfully favored my side.
i really love these live and structured fine place and wonderful scenarios and climatic events and also i like what i see i feel am great at everything.
TODAY I WENT TO MY SCHOOL. I SAW MY FRIENDS. NOW THEY ARE WORKING AS A TEACHER AS SAME SCHOOL. VERY HAPPY TO SEE MY OLD FRIENDS. I NEVER FORGET.
One of the high school coaches spoke up for my daughter to the college coach.
i purchased new video games
I talked with my friends
i played with children's to day
I WAS ENJOYED BECAUSE MY SENIOR OFFICER APPRECIATE ME FOR MY WORK
Yesterday my Land Registration was done successful  made me very happy during the past 24 hours.
My wife purchased a tshirt for me. It was soft and and good quality as I like. It also fit my size .
I won basketball medals with my team at 2017 and I missed it very much
When I got to my clients house and found out he was in a good mood.
It made me happy to talk to former co-workers who are going through difficulties with another co-worker, and to realize that we are still as close as we were. 
I did not have to go to work yesterday since it was my day off.
My dog was very happy and excited when I came home today and greeted me warmly. 
My Sister got government job
My friend give me a valuable gift today.
We finished cleaning out our old apartment, and received our full security deposit!
Yesterday While travelling to my native place i saw a old friend of mine in the bus and i was very happy because we talked together and had shared the sweet memories of our school life.
A friend came to me when she was in need of someone to talk to.
i met my old friend
I was able to go to the gym even though I was tired and I felt it was a victory. 
I went movie with my lover very first time after my engagement made very happy.
i got old type of recipe biriyani. which is make using of mud pot.
It made me happy to teach my son how to make the "V" sound. He imitated very good. 
One of my friends sharing about his current situation without hiding anything to me. 
I purchased a Air Cooler for my Office to work with a cool mind
I finished the book I was reading about the Eighteenth Dynasty of Egypt, I felt happy because; although it was a fascinating book; it took me a long time to finish and I was eager to start to read something else.
We went out to celebrate my new job and I had the BEST stuffed hamburger. I'm a big foodie and love my burgers a certain way and the way the cheese melted with the button and the extra crispy sweet potatos fries....it was the perfect dinner.
I have received a bonus payment with my salary as a gift from higher officials.
I got a new ac
It was my day to volunteer in my sons first grade class. I was lucky enough to watch them study bubbles. They were all smiles. I love watching kids and see their faces as they have fun.
I found a shirt that I thought I had lost.
I selected from my company for a training program.
I enjoyed hearing a super conversation full of teasing and laughter between my daughter and my brother.
I read a great verse from the Bible that really spoke to me.
i am still watching movie
I made a good, hearty tasting meal for dinner which made everyone happy.
He actually did a good job!
The recognition of my child in school
Sitting and watching Jeopardy with my son last night.  He even put his phone away to watch with me.
I went to my son's hockey game and they won 4-3.  It was a great comeback being down 3-0 after one period.
I was able to meet an old friend for lunch yesterday.
ride bike on hill station to enjoy the cool climate with my friends
I ate mango after years
Going out to dinner with my husband after a really long time
I got a ton of birthday wishes on my facebook wall from a lot of my friends, it always makes me feel special to know people I am friends with take time out of their day to wish me a happy birthday.
I had some success troubleshooting a project and it made me feel proud, accomplished, and happy.
When ever i remember her smile, reaction and the way she talks.
During a travel I my co passenger started discussion with me. He appreciated my experience and the views about education system. He appreciated me very much. at the end he gave me invitation to give motivational lecture to his students.
I beat my best time for 1500m on a rowing machine at the gym.
I was happy when I got to work yesterday morning and found that one of my coworkers had brought in two dozen donuts. 
I found a daycare that I really liked and felt like I could trust with my baby.
Getting a project completed at work that has been a long time in the works
I finished first several times in online video game battles.
My son
I bought a new motorcycle today.
Got some unexpected overtime at work and made a little extra fun money.
When I was driving to the painting class last night, it stormed hard for about twenty minutes and then I saw a big rainbow covering the sky for the rest of the drive.
After shopping all day, we had lunch at a local diner.
Today is my husband's first payday at his new job after being unemployed for a month.
I made it to the end of the month and still have a little bit of money left in my account, thanks to MTurk work.
I got my test back and got a 98.
My husband used the grill for our dinner last night and it was so good. 
When i had happy arguement with my dad, that makes me feel happy
Just the way he said it cheered me up. I couldnat stop smiling for the rest of the day!
I didn't feel well and was glad to find a couple of cans of soup in the pantry which I warmed up and paired with grilled cheese sandwiches for dinner. 
When I jumped in bed at night after a fairly exhaustive day.
I made a delicious dinner of 'cheeseburger quesadillas'
My colleague brought in two flavors of kringle for us to share at lunch.
Last night I was able to go to my zumba class.  I go every Wednesday night, and it's really something that I enjoy.  It's my only "me" time that I get.
completing my assignment today 
Last night I watched an episode of aThe Waltonsa with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks!
I passed a very hard school test with almost 100% yesterday.
Yesterday night i saw my favourite movie. My favourite director directed that movie. My favourite actor ajith was acted. I'm big fan of ultimate star ajith. He is very handsome, i like him so much. I was very happy and happily watched the movie. Movie is superb. 
Finishing my giant project 
Each morning when I open my eyes I say to myself: I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.
Playing with my ten month old, and hearing him jabber back to me throughout the day made me happy. 
After our kids went to bed, my wife went out shopping and I was able to sit down and read a book for a long time.
I felt a burst of happiness when I was driving home from work, because I felt very lucky to have a great, well-paying job. 
I won first prize in Marathon yesterday, i am very happy.
I am an underwriter and I have been working on binding a large account effective 4/1. I came into work today and had a signed binder in my e-mail. Very happy to be over with that renewal! It will make my work life much better.
My favorite show survivor was on
I got all my groceries in record time.
A good nights sleep in my bed which was freshly made just yesterday.
I had a good one-on-one conversation with my supervisor about current and future work and goals. 
I had lunch with my wife and daughter at my favorite Mexican restaurant.
i wend to friend marriage function i meet my old school friends. we are enjoyed and remember the school memorable day. i am really happy thus day
I found my car keys after searching for 30 minutes.
i take rest very complete sentence
I got to sleep in until I was well rested.
I won $25 on a scratch-off lottery ticket.
I got all of my items packed for a long weekend trip.  It felt good to get the task out of the way and get everything I will be needing organized.
Actually today morning i prepared one of the unique icecream cake at home after learning it for many hours online then did it, and finally when icecream cake was done, it came well for my first attempt, which made me really happy.
My friend calling and seeing if I wanted to go to the store with her for no reason.
I spent a nice evening with my girlfriend.
My friend and me went to near by city we found that the road was damaged. there was a deep pit near the road. we two rectified. we thought that we have saved some one life
I was happy when I was given a new, challenging assignment at work. 
When I woke up early this morning and I spent 10 minutes just cuddling in bed with my wife before going to work.
My infant daughter reached out for her grandmother to pick her up.  The smile she put on both her grandmother and myself was heartwarming.
I called and spoke with an old friend. 
Getting all the bills paid for the month of April.
While on my regular job, I made an additional effort to complete a task. It felt good to have more free time afterwards.
I slept in the noon after a long time. It gave peaceful to me.
I got a compliment from my boss
I was able to complete some chores around the house that I've been meaning to get done but haven't had the time. 
I met my old friend Mary
I kissed my wife.
That I am below 195 lbs since I started working out. 
I left work earlier
Laughing and talking with my kids
I finalized the purchase of my new car by paying my taxes and getting titled.
That broker went that place don't worriedy dear child
When i complete my pending project of office which are pending from more than 2 months.
I bought my friends a steak dinner with my winnings and it was excellent. 
I made popcorn the way I like it and binge watched Grace and Frankie on Netflix.
My friend and colleague of mine today after our work decided to offer me a evening snacks and coffee .Though I refused due to some reasons he was for sure to take me to a cafe shop.Had a long talk with him and I am glad that  our understandings was taken to next level.
I received an affirming e-mail from a friend. 
I was able to work tonight and make a good amount of money.
My husband works night shift. With two kids in the house he doesnt get a lot of sleep. He got off early last night and instead of coming home and getting some rest, he went to Target and grabbed some things I needed for the kids! I felt very appreciative. 
I got to watch an episode of Star Gate with my family.
My husband's foot touching my foot in bed. 
I was happy when my favorite cousin told me that she sold her house and found a great affordable apartment nearby.  
I ate a giant plate of one of my favorite foods.
Petting my cat made me happy. 
I was able to help my wife on my day off from work. We are finally working on remodeling the upstairs bathroom. We work well together and I feel very happy to help my wife on this project.
Something that made me really happy in the past 24 hours is that my husband surprised me and told me that he was taking a four day vacation and that an old friend had called and said that they should hang out soon so on a whim he booked the hotel room and now we are both travelling back to the college that we graduated from tonight and taking a mini vacation and revisiting old friends, which is going to be really exciting. 
My daughter got really excited when I picked her up instead of her father. 
I watched a good movie last night.
Spending time relaxing at home with my cat on my lap made me happy
I was happy my boyfriend called me beautiful and that he was sorry for being so quiet and grumpy lately.
I went for a 10 mile run last night. Aside from the wind, the weather was perfect.
I put the down payment on a new vehicle.
My partner got a call for a job interview.
Going to the store and picking up some rare beer
The second thing that made me happy was that i went for a coffee with my friends.
I was at the bank and this woman let me get in front of her, to deposit my change. We were at a coin machine and because I had less change than her, to deposit, she let me go in front of her.
My grandson got to  play during his lacross game while I was watching.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
My girlfriend got her PS4 today, and she had a lot of fun playing it.
My son hug me today morning and I feel very happy.
My daughter wore an appropriate outfit that was cute and looked great on her.
I saw a friend that I hadn't seen in a while. It was nice getting to catch up with him and make some plans to hang out again.
Bought a bouquet for my wife , watching the happiness on her face was priceless.
Met my grandparents felt very happy 
when i watching the tv show i felt that i was all about my feelings got involved in the tv show
I ran into an old high school friend on the street, someone I had completely forgotten about, and we reconnected a bit.
Went for shopping with parents.
today morning i took breakfast was prepared by mom its very nice to eat
I effectively communicated with my wife about an upcoming event that I did not want to attend.  I usually give in or am pressured into going.  I was very plain and clear about the whole thing.  She understood and applauded me for my communication skills.  I maintained the peace and avoided going.  
Yesterday, my manager appreciated my work on mail with copy to other colleagues.
I woke up feeling well rested this morning.
I kissed my beau.
It made me happy to think about getting started gardening this weekend.
Salade Perigourdine full of goodies, a glass of nice red wine from the ... Your personal AI assistant for writing better emails. ... It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me aI donat know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this mucha
I got my period which meant I'm not pregnant.
I watched a nice movie at home today with wife and kids. We watched a movie together after few weeks and it was so enjoyable. Kids really enjoyed the cartoon movie and me too.
My friend called and said she was coming in to visit this weekend. 
That my husband got a one dollar raise added to his hourly income, and he has 4 vacation days to use up still.
My mother surprised me at home with my favourite dish
My sister (who is blind from the effects of sugar diabetes) was struggling in all kinds of ways. Her friend recently passed away. I spent a lot of time with my sister and found some ways to help her navigate through some of the problems she's going through.
i went to the a trust and give the donation i feel very happy
I found out that my mother was approved for her loan to open two restaurants.
I went shopping for makeup with a girl friend.
I once failed a programming class. In the last 24 hours, I have started and completed basic python. Very big achievement for me.Talking to my sister in law, eating some chocolate custard, and spending some time with my youngest child.Going out and meeting old friends at pizza hut.

Woke up at the time I wanted to.
I made a dinner that the entire family enjoyed.
I sat in the hot tub at my mom's house after dinner. It has been around a year since I last sat in one and it felt amazing. It was also a great chance to relax and talk to my siblings.
Ate mexican food for dinner.
when I am going to office morning,i have not stuck in traffic ..this is also a happy moment 
My husband told me how much he enjoyed the dinner that I had made.  It makes me feel good to prepare food that our family really enjoys.
I went to a supermarket where I don't usually go, but a product that I like but seldom can buy because the supermarket is not close by, and had this product for lunch.
I got free 50MB in my broadband connection and it made me happy
I made myself a large mug of coffee and read the news.
I discovered a great deal on some shoes I'd been considering for a few weeks. Looking forward to ordering and receiving them.
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
I got the news of my promotion to a higher post.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
When my brother got a new job offer from abroad
I was happy to have shed a few pounds.
I played video games with my kids and we all had a blast.
I found an item that I thought I lost a week ago. I thought I lost it in public, but I found it in my bag.
I have done a hit and I thought I have committed a slight mistake and I will get rejected but the requester accepted my hit. 
I got a high score on a game I was playing.
I made an appointment to get my hair cut for next week. I was happy that my stylist was able to squeeze me in.
Nowadays, happiness is a fuzzy concept and can mean many different things to many people. Part of the challenge of a science of happiness is to identify different concepts of happiness, and where applicable, split them into their components. Related concepts are well-being, quality of life and flourishing. At least one author defines happiness as contentment.[6] Some commentators focus on the difference between the hedonistic tradition of seeking pleasant and avoiding unpleasant experiences, and the eudaimonic tradition of living life in a full and deeply satisfying way.
i fall in love with my girl friend
It was finally sunny yesterday after having rained and been cloudy for a week straight.
I purchased a new Samsung mobile.
I started working with my new cabinet members.
my son told me  he will take 100 percent score mark his board exam.
i really love these live and structured fine place and wonderful scenarios and climatic events and also i like what i see i feel am great at everything.
TODAY I WENT TO MY SCHOOL. I SAW MY FRIENDS. NOW THEY ARE WORKING AS A TEACHER AS SAME SCHOOL. VERY HAPPY TO SEE MY OLD FRIENDS. I NEVER FORGET.
My daughter made 2 birdies in a row in her golf match.
i got a new job
I brought things I always wanted.
EVERY WORK COMPLETED AT TIME PERIOD AND THE SENIOR APPRECIATED ME
Myself with other two friends decided to some business; agreement was completed by 24 hours made me very happy.
I helped my daughter for her homework and she had a chance to correct for mistakes. She was happy to deliver a completed and correct results.
I saw her on airport  The girl with face I could not miss
When I got home and my wife gave me a kiss.
It made me happy that my daughter received praise at work from her superior. 
I met my daily goal for survey income and realized how close I was getting to being able to buy my husband the camera he wants.
I was able to spend the night playing video games. 
I got Sanctioned Bank Loan
My husband, children and I visit the zoo.
My partner and I celebrated our three year anniversary.
Yesterday my wife prepared me a very delicious meal and it reminded me of my mothers cooking taste and i was very happy.
I was depressed about a nightmare, but I was cheered up by my friends and family.
i went to watch movie last night
I was able to plan out my finances for the month and I felt accomplished. 
My lover presented one precious gift to me made very happy.
i enjoyed a long drive several years back.
It made me happy to come in first place in a game that I was playing on the phone. 
Looking after my most lovable person.
I purchased a Washing Machine to wash my clothes
My child was hungry and we stil had to wait for another 15 minute for the dinner to cook, he was very grumpy but like a miracle my husband came form work  a little bit early and actually saved the evening; I felt vey happy because my son loves and misses his father very much and forgot his bad mood immediately and started to cheer.
That I could see the pure joy in my mother in laws face when we asked her if she could watch our twin daughters 2 days a week while I worked. She loves the kids more than I think she loves us big kids.
As planned before, my family booked tickets for a 15 day holiday trip to New Zealand. 
I got a salary increase
My daughter who is grounded has to do chores to take off days from her grounding. She came and asked me what else she could do and she saw the bottom of my feet. They are pretty sore right now since I have been going on long walks trying to get in shape. She rubbed my feet for at least thirty minutes without me paying her. It was so nice, 
I got to complete a $10 HIT.
My friend George give me a gift, it is a pen which is very costly one.
We were planning for my brother's honeymoon.
I went clothes shopping with my children and was able to find everything we needed.
my pets
I reached my daily work goal which made me happy.
I got to take a nap in the afternoon,
My child show me how good she is in school
finding a beautiful rock that said "Don't be Blue"   If you don't know about a facebook group called st. pete rocks. its an awesome group. I love the rock i found.
I came home after the hockey game and had pasta for dinner.  I was starving so it definitely hit the spot.
I was able to spend extra time studying my Bible yesterday.
walked with my dog for too long distance to reach my grandma's house.
prepared spaghetti for the first time 
Finally picking out a new mattress and bed
I took the day off yesterday and was successful in fixing an issue I had with my car that had been bothering me for awhile, so saving money doing it myself made me happy.
My child wrote his first thank you card for a friend of mine for a gift he received, which made me very happy.
When i could be with her.
While I was walking towards the departmental stores, one man stopped near me and asked for a address. on probing further I came to know that he was looking for a bank address which was on opposite side. He became very happy to know that he got correct location and address. It was a happy moment for me also.
I ate a home-cooked burrito with a variety of toppings.
I was happy yesterday when I received my electric bill and found it to be $50 less than last month's bill.  
I made a very delicious breakfast that was really healthy!
Talking on the phone with my daughter, checking in about her day after school
I cleaned my house in detail and used a new air freshener that I really like.
I see a funny video from YouTube.
I went with my family in  a restaurant and eat tasteful food.
Finally got around to upgrading my computer and it runs much better.
When I stepped on the scale this morning it showed that I've officially lost 8 pounds!
Later that day, I went to the local bingo day.
My kids played together without quarreling.
The weather was warm enough after work that I could pull my feral cat traps out and clean them all thoroughly.
I started a new show and got addicted to it.
I watched one of my favorite movies before going to bed and had funny dreams because of it. 
When i had a happy outing with my girlfriend. I was happy to the core
The Day our PG Medico results came, I little bit anxiety to see in what position i am in. after seeing the results I was shocked and wondered, got distinction, the moment my legs are not on the floor, feeling like I am in the Air, really its wonderful moment for my life.
My father-in-law has been in and out of the hospital and was having a good day at home yesterday.
When I left work after a fairly long day.
My son had a fantastic day in school, he had a hard time adjusting at first so his good days make me very happy
There was a new episode of one of my favorite TV shows on last night and it was really good!
My oldest daughter colored me a beautiful picture yesterday, and emphasized the word love.  She gave it to me with a big smile and a hug.  I loved it.
Going out to restaurant with friends 
happy moment in day supper day in my life my during well down happy don my computer work in my life in day in well com in well co day good 
I stepped on the scale this morning  and seen that I had lost another 2 pounds.
Yes. I played new game in my smartphone. I just downloaded it google play store and started to play. I'm addicted to that game. Game is excellent. Game name Farmville country escape. Nice graphics and love to play. Very good game. Happy to play this game again and again. I love it. 
When I Aced my midterm for programming 
Going out and shopping at Target for something other than basic needs made me happy. 
I was expecting to have to stay late at work, but found out at the last minute that I'd be able to leave on time.
I felt exhilaration after finishing a particularly hard work out yesterday evening. 
Got a call yesterday from a famous TV game show to participate, so happy.
Today I realized that baseball season starts next week. I am from New England and am a life time Red Sox fan. I associate baseball season with the weather getting better and its finally here! Its been a long winter and the Sox open on Monday can't wait!! 
Listened to a live podcast on survivor
Pizza didn't come out burned at all.
I woke up to a healthy breakfast of fresh fruit and herbal tea.
I went out to lunch with a coworker at my favorite local taqueria, enjoying their foods, which are my favorite authentic Mexican comfort foods, including al pastor. 
I was about to give up on a show I'm watching as it was slowing down, but I just watched an episode that made me fall in love with it again.
my office annual day last week. i participant the dance and i getting first price. i very happy and enjoyed the function.
A friend let me know that they can go to a final four party they initially couldn't go to.
i do work in only two hours and take complete rest
The day was sunny with a slight breeze.
I shopping and found two new tops to wear.
I talked to my boyfriend on the phone.  He works remote so I do not get to see him very often, and he works a lot so we do not talk very often, every chance we get to have a good conversation is well appreciated. 
Actually today morning when i got up i saw pair of multicolored two cute birds on my balcony, which was unique birds, which i had not seen before, so those cute birds made me really very happy.

Volunteering at the food pantry I run and getting our job done in half the time it normally does.
I went to the cinema and watched a good movie.
My wife and me went to near by shop their we lost our purse. We searched any where but we could not find it. We lost it one week before. But yesterday a good gentle man sent that to my address. we were happy.
I was happy when my boyfriend informed me he's getting published in a literary journal.
When my wife told me that thanks to our neighbor's help we may finally get a place in a day care center / nursery for our baby girl.
Being able to stick to my diet even though my husband ordered applied pie during dinner last night and I didn't have any.  I was happy that I was able to have the strength of will.
An old client contacted me to offer a gig.
Eating dinner at home with my parents for the first time in a long time.
A walk with my wife while our kids were practicing judo.
I dropped my wife to her office in bike after a long time.
I left work earlier than usually
My dog finally is able to do the trick I've been trying to teach him for awhile now. 
I ate in a good fish restaurant 
I watched my six month old daughter try avocado for the first time.
I was happy to receive the cigars I ordered a day earlier than expected. 
I ate a very good dinner
Hearing birds outside my window this morning, and seeing the sun shine
My boyfriend and I had awesome sex before bed, it was great.
But I can't controlled my emotions still now also not controlled god help me please
I come back to me home from office and i see my newphew at home who came from austria after 3 years.
I read a good book last night once I got home from eating my steak dinner.
I took a survey on Mturk and got paid a high amount. 
Today at work place my manager had some technical problems.As I was an expert in handling in such problems I decided to show up and solve it.I solved it and my manager was much happy at me and my personality image was taken to next level.It was a proud and happy moment for me.
I had a huge pile of receipts and bills that I have been ignoring for several weeks and I was very happy to be done sorting them (even my wife commented on the smile on my face). 
I got to sit and chat with one of my best friends for a long time tonight.
My 5 year old had Queen Day at school today, meaning she got to dress up like a queen. I dressed her this morning fixed her hair, put on her earrings and little high heels then let her look in the mirror. The look on her face when she saw herself almost made me cry with joy. 
My wife let me play Zelda on the big tv last night.
Listening to my 15 year old son listing things that he loves about himself
It made me happy when I looked outside and saw flowers blooming.  After a long cold winter this was pure happiness.
I had a few drinks at my favorite bar.
The sun was finally shining
Rewarding myself with Skinny Pete's chicken wings and beer for dinner. These wings are my favorite of all time and they never disappoint.
Something that made me really happy in the past 24 hours is that I found out this morning that I had won a 25 dollar raffle from an mTurk survey that I had done all the way back in September and that made me really happy because I hardly win anything, but I managed to get it somehow and that made me really happy because I wasn't expecting it at all. 
A coworker got me a t-shirt. 
I received an approval for a credit card I applied for
I was happy to talk with my fiance on the phone last night
I was happy because I was moved to a different shift and got to work at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln, NE!
I talked to my mom about new phrases in Chinese I was learning. 
I got a package in the mail I had been waiting on. It was a new laptop.
I stepped on the scale yesterday and saw that I had lost 1.2 pounds.
Watching the latest episode of survivor
The third thing that made me happy was that i worked a little bit more and made some more money.
I was able to see my friend when I went to the store. We spoke for a little bit and that made me happy.
I found leftovers in the back of the fridge so I didn't have to cook anything for dinner.
I found a dollar on the ground
I got a bonus from my boss based on my performance at work.
I was on a date with my girlfriend.
I went rollerblading while listening to a new playlist I created on Spotify and had such a fun time weaving around the road while listening to dance music. 
I spoke to a loan officer today, which made me feel good about moving forward toward my dream of owning another home.
I found a very yummy recipe for lemon blueberry bread.
I read a book by candlelight while it rained.
I was happy watching the excitement in my kid as she watched the rocket take off.
I made a dish for the first time and it turned out great
I received very positive praise and feedback from my client in front of my supervisors.
I saw my dog. 
I was out in front of my house working when a lady stopped and made a nice comment about the flowers.
My neighbor got a new adorable puppy and I'm terribly excited to hang out with it
I went shopping and got some very good deals.
I watched an episode of one of my favorite television shows, "Survivor", I really got to relax and enjoy the episode after a long day at work.
I applied a coupon code on a movie app. I got 75% cash back.
I petted and played with a friend's beautiful dog (golden retriever).
My husband fixed the air conditioning in my car, yesterday was hot and my electric windows don't roll down, so I was very happy driving home and being cool!
I cut open a melon and it was very ripe.
This girl at work that I think is very attractive asked me out on a date for Saturday.
I found out that I could leave early from work today since I finished all of my tasks early.
Watched portions of the New Patriots win the superbowl that we recorded. 
I made a nice steak dinner for my fiance after work today and he really loved it.
I got some news about my mother who has been really sick lately, and she has been getting some good treatment.
Winning my league basketball game last night.
I didn't have to go to dinner with people that I hate because they cancel. It was the best relief ive had all week
I reached 85 woodcutting on Runescape.
I watched one of my favorite movies: Up, it made me smile
I made a large mug of coffee.
I made sugar cookies. 
My dog passed his obedience training school
I completed a job interview today and did not embarrass myself. 
Normally I am not at level of post at my work to attend weekly meeting in my office.But surprisingly I was called for that meeting to discuss confidential concerns.I was glad that I could gain their trust.
I talked to an old friend that I haven't talked to since last summer. 
MY DAUGHTER IS VISITING FROM ATLANTA WITH HER DAUGHTER AND WE WENT TO THE PARK.
I had drinks with my co-workers after work.
I took a drive through some pretty countryside.
My favorite barista was working at the Starbucks this morning and she prepared my coffee.
I had a picnic in the woods.
I was able to avoid potential disaster at work today with a Medicare claim, that could have potentially cost me a lot of flack. 
Going to Ikea with my kids.
Just got another PR while riding my bike home.
The sun came out.  It has been rainy for about a week and I took a walk and enjoyed he nice weather for a few minutes.  It was a good break.

I took my son to lacrosse practice today.  It was great to see him interacting with his friends and having fun.
I set up a Memorial Day weekend trip.
I won a $10 Amazon gift card in an mTurk researcher's raffle.
Accomplish a new thing from a game i am playing.
My son received a great score on a science test.
I haven't been feeling well.  I was so happy I found the time to take a nap today.
I talked to my son on the phone.
I was happy when I found out that Michael Flynn was willing to testify in exchange for immunity because I am hopeful that he will expose the truth about Russian collusion in the Trump administration.
Yesterday we bought a new house in apartment, its our dream to buy a new house in apartment that was a happiest moment.
Cooking dinner for my girlfriend and her being extra appreciative.
We hired maids to clean the house and even though I didn't want to pay it looks so nice now!
My friend Stan came by and said hello. I have not seen him in weeks and we got to have some coffee and chat. 
I got a special incentive today for successfully completing my work on time and I am very happy.
I finished studying for a test that I had the day after.
My parents told me they will be stopping by to celebrate my son's birthday with us this weekend.
I went on a long and successful run
My professor told me i could be done with my assistantship work for a while
I beat The Legend of Zelda.
Playing with my cat.
My baby smiled at me
My boss bought me dinner from my favorite local Thai restaurant. I was happy because I got my favorite peanut chicken dinner.
The weather was nice and I was able to mow my lawn.
We learned a friend is bringing by a wonderful dog for us to dog sit for a week.
I was very happy to find out that a certain model of bicycle that I have been waiting to purchase in now available
I was able to snuggle with both children for fifteen minutes before work.
I climbed further in Overwatch competitive and got to Gold.
I was made happy last night when I finally got to eat pasta again after a long hiatus. I was happy because I love carbs and have been restrictive with it for a while. 
Being able to breath again without being dependent on constantly utilizing an asthma inhaler.
The pool team that I play in won our match tonight at home, 6-3. A decent performance.
My wife woke me up with sex. 
I was happy when I saw a very nice rooftop scene from an office.  I took a good photo and was glad.
As a teacher working at a charter school, I received two new students that just enrolled.
My neighbor raises rabbits and I found out just a few hours ago, that I'm getting bunnies, 2 I think. 
As I was teaching a poem by Edna St. Vincent Millay this afternoon, I saw a look of amused recognition on a student's face as he realized what the poem was about.
My daughter was happy to spend time with me
Not having to travel to work this morning. 
I went out to a new restaurant and it made me really happy because it was nice.
Presenting my research at a research conference at my university. 
I received my letter of admission in the mail to the University that I applied to.
We had a retirement party for one of my co-workers today. She gave a very emotional speech and expressed how much she enjoyed working with all of us. At the end she thanked everyone individually for being great co-workers and attending her party.
When me and my friend got together to watch a series just last night, we were able to complete a lot of episode and made great progress on the series. 
My dogs were all three vying for my attention by jumping at my feet and simultaneous giving me lots of doggy kisses.
The power came back on at my house after 28 hours. 
I bought some beer. 
We got our Chevy Malibu fixed.
Being able to sleep in unexpectedly.  My husband got up with the kids.
I had an amazing brunch with my parents
I was able to reduce my errands today, visiting less places with the same amount of effectiveness.
My boss brought some really good cookies to work yesterday.
I was able to watch my favorite television program this evening and did so uninterrupted.
This morning I received a call with an excellent new job offer.
In the past 24 hours, I was happy to meet up for coffee with my ex-manager and catch up with each other.
I got permission to take half a day leave today, to go to my sister's town and spend week ends with her.
My son and I went to the movies in the theater to see Beauty and the Beast.
I had sex with my partner. 
i got the call for a job interview i have been waiting for, i really wasn't expecting it.
I ran into an old friend at the gym and talked for a bit.
Getting in a really big workout.
My friend gave me some Easter jelly beans.
it made me happy to see my baby boy walking for the first time 
I saw childhood friends
My drive to work only took 35 minutes this morning, when it usually takes between 40-45 minutes.
I went to lunch with my best friend today.
I have a warranty on my car, so I took my car to get it fixed with no costs out of my pocket.
My daughter had a problem with her homework and she asked me to help instead of my ex-wife.
I reached an important milestone in a book that I'm writing.
My best friend gave birth to her first baby girl.
I watched a good movie on Netflix last night
Waking up on time
I finished reading a book that i had been struggling with 
i watched movie with my friends
The girl at Taco Bell gave me a free soda because I didn't have enough cash on me.
I lost another pound.
One thing that made me happy was going grocery shopping. 
my moms birthday celebration it's a big moment
I found out I had more money than I thought and was so excited.
I had some tacos after craving them for weeks. It was so good!
It made me happy when I talked with my friend.
My daughter had thrown up all night and started feeling better. 
I went to get my favorite brew.
I found a really nice outfit to wear out of town.
I had a chat with a friend about a game we were both playing.
Morning jogging .
I visited my grandmother. I took her to a doctor's appointment, grocery shopping, and then we enjoyed lunch at her house. My daughter was also with us and she loves her great-grandmother.
I had a great meeting with some coworkers that really pushed our progress forward and made me happy.
I had blacked out a week ago on xanax and lost my cell phone. When I was walking into my house today I found it in the woods.
My sister texted me and said we're going to the beach for the weekend
Finding a show on amazon prime which I actually enjoyed made me happy in the past 24 hours.
My daughter gave me a big hug and kiss and said I love you Daddy.
I gave the cat his new bed and he immediately went into it!
When I came home from work and my two dogs greeted me with excitement and warmth.
I ended up going shopping at the store earlier in the evening and bought a lottery ticket, I ended up winning $500.
when my wife kissed me when i came home
I taught my blind dog to navigate with a new sonar device
My handicapped pet chicken hobbled over to me excitedly this morning as soon as she saw I was awake.
I made chicken enchiladas.
I heard back from a job interview 
Going to my small group at church today made me extremely happy. It is so nice to get out and see my friends. I enjoy connecting with women and getting some adult conversation time in. 
I bought two slices of my favorite kind of pizza (basil and tomato) at my favorite pizza place.
I received a positive feedback from my professor in the morning.
We had a team meeting at office yesterday and one of the exercise was to introduce ourselves and tell our background. I felt happy sharing my past experiences to the team
I saw my bosses at work thank someone who was leaving.
Went to see a movie with my friend
Earlier today, I was watching a bowling event with my wife, and she really enjoyed it. This was very enjoyable because this doesn't happen often.
I watched basketball on TV.
I love play Soccer with my Friends during the day
My dog finally learn to catch the ball tonight. 
Tricking my dog into taking her medicine.
Today I slept in late because work was slow, however when I woke up lots of high paying work was up and I was able to relax instead of worrying. It allowed me to have time to do other stuff.
My husband and I were able to take our baby on a walk because it was cool enough tonight.
last 24 hours of Willy Roman's life. ... be defined by a single event and their subsequent attempts to disguise or eradicate the event.  Biff's statement, "I'm a dime a dozen, and so are you" is true after all.
I made a real friend at work: she shared that she's genderfluid, and shares many opinions about coworkers that I do. It's a relief to both of us. 
In the last 24 hours I was happy because I went to a movie theater and enjoyed a movie.
I felt happy yesterday when I came home from work and laid down on the couch. I put a blanket over myself and my kitten jumped on my chest and gave me a face nuzzle and a lick to say hello. I felt overjoyed with happiness and love for her and we started to cuddle and watch tv together while she purred. 
I found some money around my house that I misplaced.
I received a package that I was waiting for. 
It made me very happy to buy me a giant pizza with my girlfriend.
My wife started her maternity leave today.
I did well in a competitive game I was playing today. 
My daughter 7 year old kid won a competition in her school and they invited us and we are honored. some happy moments for me.
I read a book called "Highly Illogical Behavior" that I really enjoyed.
My four year old grandson told me he loved me and gave me a big hug!
Today was the first day of a 24-day health challenge/cleanse.  Throughout the day, and more so this evening, I'm happy I was able to reach all day 1 goals.
My wife's friend complimented me and said I was very good looking and that my wife is very lucky.
I got to go get tacos for lunch. That made me super happy
I found a parking spot close to my apartment.
I just found out my phone bill will be 50 dollars cheaper per month.
My daughter snuggled with me for an hour before we got up.
I found out that my son, who is in Kindergarten, is testing at a 2nd grade level.
I got a haircut that I really am happy with.
I made some popcorn and watched a movie with my 11 year old son. Sometimes my life gets so busy that I don't take the time to really enjoy some time like this with my son. It feels really special when we do stuff together and it makes me really happy.
I had the opportunity to watch my daughter speak in front of her entire school at an assembly this morning.  
I booked a studio session with my cousin! I haven't seen him in a while, and I'm excited.
My 15 year-old son called me to tell me that he passed his driving test after working so hard.
I was really happy today when my son took a long nap so I could get some things done around the house.
I had my lunch with my colleges together this noon in one restaurant, and had a very nice lunch time. 
One event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to hold a long conversation with a coworker that seems to typically shy away from others.
I was in the grocery and found my favorite flavor of frozen pizza. 
A basketball player had a great performance in a game that I was watching. 
I found the perfect colored rocks for my Betta fish bowl.  
I met my coworker and her bf wanted for drinks and they (along with the beer, the everything pretzel, and the ice cream) made me really happy.
I talked to a Girl from Vietnam .She was cute and friendly !
This morning I was in the kitchen making coffee. My dog sat in my way just staring at me, so I did a little side jump towards him and jumped back. He proceeded to jump towards me then back. This play increased in intensity for about 15 minutes till we were to the point of wrestling and I became wore out. It was fun and towards the end I was laughing so hard trying to stay on my feet.
when i climbed into bed last night, it felt really relaxing to just watch a couple youtube vids and feel free.
Today I bought my second Android smart phone.
I saw her on rainy days. She brought a pink bag . I thought that girl I would love whole girl
I enjoyed playing Foosball with my daughter tonight.
March 30th was my birthday. Got calls calls and wishes from my friends and relatives whom I didn't expect at all. That made me do happy.
Ordered pizza from a local pizzeria, best pizza in town. 
I was happy when I got to go to happy hour with my coworkers
Celebrated 60th Birth Day of my Father
A child whom I tutor weekly was about to leave our session with her mother and she raced back to me, grabbed my waist and told me she loved me.
We won the cricket match in office team match
Watching my partner complete a workout and seeing him be proud of himself (he's been injured recently).
I received a gift from a family member.
I wen to to watch Ghost in the Shell with my wife.
Finding out that I can get my health care premiums paid for by a trust.
I brought my daughter to high school today for orientation.  I am very happy and proud of her in her motivation in school. 

I had lunch with my best friends and we laughed a lot.
Watching an ASMR Youtube video after getting home from work.
I got to go swimming with my dog.
I took my dog to the store and she was really good.
My husband woke me up this morning with a full breakfast in bed.
We had a reunion with my colleagues in high school. We watched movies and eat lunch in a restaurant. It feels good to see your friends again after a very long time.
My cat continued to recover from her obstipation.
My husband made me a birthday cake with sprinkles.
I completed all of my work load at work and had enough time to assist a fellow co-worker with a bit of theirs.
When i got home my room mate had cleaned up the kitchen and everything without having to be asked.
My husband and I are from different cultures. He is from Egypt and can be a sexist jerk sometimes. Sometimes he can be mr modern. Anyhow he was being a big jerk. I told him and off and we had a big fight and I had been depressed for days. We made up and it got way better.
I got a free coffee from my local coffeeshop.
I started a new internship at a public relations company called Cashman and Associates. This made me happy because I went to school for journalism, graduated with a degree and experience in public relations (from a previous internship) and haven't done anything with that experience until now. It feels good to start working towards something I actually went to school for (and have previous experience in.)
My boyfriend and I met up to talk and he was looking into my eyes and smiling giddily. 
An old friend of mine came into town unexpectedly and we spent the whole day together.
This morning my boyfriend got a job offer that he really wanted.
Got a new client and an exciting new project to work on. 
My kids and I got home from school and we all had a snack of fresh fruit and nobody complained.
I watched a movie I hadn't seen in a while and rather enjoy.
I took a break from work and took a walk in the neighborhood today while the sky was clear and the air was clean and the trees and gardens around seemed bright with color.
I have successfully completed my project and my client appreciated me very much
I presented something to my new boss and he really bought into the project.
My parents stopped by to visit me a day before my birthday (which is tomorrow), I was happy to see them and I greatly enjoyed visiting with them.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
I was able to sleep in this morning and have a full nights' rest. I feel refreshed.
I am married , but my brother still he did not get any spouse .  I registered so many matrimonial finally yesterday night we got one spouse  she almost match to my brother . she said ok for marriage . Almost 3 years I am searching spouse for him. finally We got . It is a very event .
I ate a really good beef meal.
Every time you perform a selfless act, your brain produces serotonin, a hormone that eases tension and lifts your spirits. Not only that, but treating people with love, dignity, and respect also allows you to build stronger relationships.Have you noticed that a lot of successful people tend to be early risers? Waking up at the same time every morning stabilizes your circadian rhythm, increases productivity, and puts you in a calm and centered state.
I somehow managed to clean my living room completely.
I found $10 in a jacket this morning.
I was very happy when my 3-year old son wrote two uppercase A's and one lowercase on his Magnadoodle and then surprised me with it.
I spent a good part of the day with a longtime friend of mine working on repairs and renovations to our family home. It was nice to be outdoors for a change instead of being at home all of the time with my nose buried in a textbook! I've always enjoyed doing hands-on type of work, even though I don't do it very often, and that made me happy as a result. I find that being physically engaged with a particular task diminishes my stress levels considerably for some reason.
Someone recognized me from an event I recently hosted.
I had lunch with my friends. 
I attended a luncheon and video given by an intercity learning center for the purpose of assisting underprivileged children by providing them training and meals every evening after school. 
An event that happened this morning that made me happy was going to my Mother's home and having a cup of tea with her.
I was talking to my 3 year old granddaughter today.  She loves taking her dance classes and then playing outside on the playground.  Her dad takes her.  She told me today that she is going to have Daddy take the dance class and she will be outside on the playground.
My kids played well together while we were at a store.
Yesterday evening I had shopping with my friends.  It was fun and exciting. 
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

My lunch tasted really good.
I was happy at the end of the day when I could lay in bed and watch TV.
Getting to do yoga unexpectedly. 
I eat my favorite food 
I was playing disc golf, which I am new to, and make a shot from about 30 feet away.
Our household bought a new washer and dryer.
My wife prepared my favorite food.
After a rough work shift yesterday, my boyfriend sent me silly memes and texts this morning which made me laugh and reminded me of how good our relationship is.
I went out to eat at a nice place.
I was selected as the winner for a random lottery drawing from an mturk hit.  It was a $10 prize which is a lot of money to an mturk worker!
My Mom picked me up yesterday from my apartment and I went to watch Logan with my sister and Mom. 
My manager took me aside and personally thanked me for the hard work I've been doing the past few weeks. 
It made me happy to see a friend after a long time, and get a meal with her, catching up on each other's lives, cracking jokes and sharing a yummy milkshake. 
The tile got laid down in my bathroom floor.
My happiest moment on the past 24 hours, I went to theatre with my best friends, its joyful moment.
I felt happy when me and my spouse decided to have physical relations in the morning it made me really happy to feel connected in that way. 
my son adopted a kitten.
Got to listen to a favorite podcast's brand new episode.
I learned there's a big snowstorm coming, and I love snow!
 I was happy to experience a new location as traveling opens my mind. Yesterday I went to the Florida Keys.  I was able to see how others, different from me, live and thrive.  I enjoyed the novelty.  I was lonely sometimes.  Fortunately, as Thoreau said, I've never found a companion as companionable as solitude. 
got new smartphone
I pulled myself out of my depression and decided to make the most of my day off by being productive and committing to it.
yesterday my father start some new business .its very happy news for all of as in my family .That day we are going for sivan temple. 
While I'm lying down on the sofa,my mother tickle me....i was laughing.
While I`m lying down on the sofa,my mother tickle me....I was laughing.
I found out my mother, who has a lot of health problems, got a positive result back on a recent medical test. 
I was taken by surprise when my daughter had a plaque made for me for my classroom with my name on it. I had no idea she was doing this, and I was so surprised and happy.
My husband and I got our initial approval for a mortgage to buy the house we've been wanting.
My son made me happy by running into the bedroom, jumping on me, and waking me up to his laughter and smile.
I got to hangout with a relative i havent seen in a long time.
I went to the store and got a lottery ticket. This ticket had given me double the money that i had put into it.
I went and picked up dinner and drove to my grandmothers to eat. We sat at her table and talked for a long time. She ate well. This made me happy to spend time with her and know that she had eaten. 
yesterday we are complete our long time project in my office so i m very happy at the moment
I have a tanning bed that I have had for 6 years. I rarely ever use it. I have been trying to sale it for over a year and no one wants to buy it. I finally sold it today. I am so very excited to have the extra room and the extra money. 
My son did some work I saw and happy to me
I was told by an expert that my financial goal on a very important sale was easily reachable
In the last 24 hours I have been praised and given an additional raise for my performance in my new promotion. I was promoted from a cashier to a merchandiser and running a department to the human resources coordinator and cash office associate. I have been so happy to finally take a step closer yo my long term career goals. 
yesterday, i got a new mobile is my happiest moment.
I ate really good barbecue for lunch.
my friend gave me two tickets to a baseball game for opening day.
I enjoyed a wonderful home cooked meal.
I came across that famous quote of Charlie Chaplin which says 'Nothing is permanent in this wicked world - not even our troubles',that gives a big sense of comfort in my present situation and so made me happy
I ate a good sandwich a couple of hours ago that I really enjoyed.
I visited the doctor to talk about fixing some problems.
I was getting ready to do some work on mturk, when I received an invite to a hit which paid around $9 for 20 minutes of work.
I went out and played Pokemon Go on a nearby hiking trail for an hour.
I learned that I would receive $33 as a tax refund rather than having to pay. 
My boss took me out for lunch today and paid for it. 
I enjoyed a quiet moment tonight with my kids, snuggling and reading stories.  I came up with an idea for a book tribute that I could write and give to them when they were older.  The moment warmed my heart.  
Yesterday morning I was feeling a little grumpy and wanted a good cup of coffee to start the day, which to me consist of coffee, sugar and cream, but I didn't have any cream. Without being ask my husband went out and bought me a packet of coffee mate. I thought that was the sweetest thing ever. It really started my day off right. Totally made me happy.
While i am lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me i was laughing.
When i saw my physics perfect A+ grade
Bike dealer gave me the discount of 20% off on new bike.
Yesterday i went my sister home.She celebrate her 28th birthday in her husband home down.I gave a Motorola g phone her birthday gift.Her husband gave a saree. We cut black forest cake and ate sweet&mixtures etc..We saw cinema in inox theatre king hong 3d film.Then we back our homedown.
While I am lying down on the sofa my mother tickle me.... i was laughing.
Watched my favorite movie with my best friend (over the internet.) Brought back fond memories of the first time we watched it over two years ago. The movie and her company were enjoyable too, of course. Made me extremely happy.
I PURCHASE A NEW BIKE IN LOW PRICE DUE TO BS4 VEHICLE LAUNCHED.
Someone commented in a positive, affirmative way on a post I made on social media.
I was happy when my pizza arrived at my house. I ordered a stuffed crust pepperoni. 
My coworker told me her daughter requested that I babysit her again since she enjoyed hanging out with me so much.
This evening I was able to try a rare beer that I have been waiting to have for a while.
While I'm lying down on the sofa. My mother tickle me. I was laughing.
yesterday, i got a new mobile is my happiest moment.
Spent an hour talking with an old friend.
I went to the barbershop where I usually go to and had my haircut.
The day with my wife
It was my wives birthday yesterday and I bought her a moose painting. She was really surprised. It made me happy.
I finally spent some time with my wife.
I took a walk at lunch on a sunny day.
I just finished my school week on a Wednesday, which is giving me a 6-day weekend. 
I WENT TO SHOPPING WITH MY FAMILY BUYING LOT OF TOYS FOR MY SON IS MY HAPPIEST MOMENT IN THE FAST 24 HOURS....
I got a new haircut and got my hair colored. 
I got to see a friend of mine for several hours that I haven't seen for a year.
I was happy to talk to my parents for the first time in a long time.
I got an amazing haircut that makes me look older and makes me feel pretty.
Today we purchased a new laser engraver at work which will be a great thing to increase sales and bring in new customers.
Ran into an old friend while I was out and about.
I was so happy to hear from my six year old grandson that he was chosen to be in a school play and it's going to be about the Three Little Pigs. 
I had a great dinner at a Lebanese restaurant with a friend.
my friend came from abroad today and he give me a stylish mobile phone.
I was able to video chat with a friend in Spain.
I AM FEEL VERY HAPPY IN THE PAST 24 HOURS  BECAUSE AM TRAVELLING WITH MY CLOSE FRIENDS THAT HAPPY EVENT.
An event that made me happy was going to a concert out of town with my brother. 
Me and my co-worker completed a difficult job at work. 
I saw a picture on Reddit of a big tarantula and it had really fancy purple lines on it's head, I thought it was really cute.
Yesterday I ate chicken fried rice at a small restaurant.
I noticed that there were many pieces of chicken in the meal. Some of the pieces were quite large. I was pleased and happy.
I WENT TO MEENAKSHI AMMAN TEMPLE WITH MY FAMILY MEMBERS.
A student in my class made a particularly good joke.
I GOT A NEW CAR. I WAS VERY EXCITED, BECAUSE THIS IS MY FIRST SPORTS CAR.
My daughter came up and hugged me and said that she loved me forever. 
I got my subscription box of Korean face masks in the mail. It made me happy because I like getting things in the mail, there's always lots of interesting and different masks to try, and it is something good for my body and relaxation. I like using them to unwind and treat myself.
Going to popeyes has made me happy.
old students get together function in my college
I went to visit my daughter who lives in a nearby town for dinner.
WENT TO MEENAKSHI AMMAN TEMPLE WITH MY FAMILY MEMBERS.
I saw my husband today after 2 whole days of not seeing him at all.
YESTERDAY MY FRIEND IN U.S.A CALL ME AFTER A LONG TIME.WE DISCUSS MORE ABOUT OUR COLLEGE DAYS AND LOT ABOUT US.ITS A CHANCE TO RECALL OUR SWEET MEMORIES, THAT MADE ME HAPPY. 
listened to my favorite podcast
a party
got my new bike delivered yesterday morning
When the blazers beat the nuggets for the sixth seed made me happy. 
I felt happy when I went out to lunch with my husband and daughter.
What made me happy was when I received a letter from the local car dealership inquiring about our car trade in value. We have been talking about trading in our current car for another one and this letter was very timely.
I had a good day at work
This morning my husband and I went to see Beauty and the Beast at our local movie theatre.
While I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me I was laughing  
I had a really good coffee.
I was at a thrift store and randomly found the Judas priest album screaming for vengeance. I was pretty surprised.
While I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me.... I was laughing.
MY HAPPINESS MOMENT,YESTERDAY CHILD  BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION IN  MY SISTER BABY. SO HAPPY MOMENTS IN MY FAMILY.
I was able to conquer a walk I've been trying to conquer.
While I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me .... I was laughing.
While I'M lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me ..... I was laughing.
I showed my disabled son how to play an adaptive game.
I listened to the first episode of a new podcast and I'm looking forward to binging the rest tomorrow. 
My boss complimented me on a project I had finished.
Eating a good taste Durian.
I found a good hit on mturk that paid a relatively large amount of money and was accepted.
While I am lying down on the sofa  my mother tickle me. i way laughing.
A very well paying HIT batch went online on mturk.
While I' m lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me....i was laughing
I got my new bike delivered yesterday evening and I was very happy about it. I have  been eagerly waiting for the last 3 months for it.
I had lunch with some friends at work and we had a engaging conversation about our plans for the weekend
I listened to Carlos Rivera sing two songs.
I saw that it finally started raining this morning after it hasn't been raining for almost a week.
Earlier today, on my way to class, I saw a duck boop a flower with his nose and that made me pretty happy.
I was able to help a student figure out how to block callers on his cell phone.
Going for a walk with my husband
My medication finally arrived via Fed-Ex, I've been out of medicine for two weeks. 
While.I'm lying down on the sofa,my mother tickle me..i was laughing.
My kid 12 years old telling stories to her friends by describing same manner as it is in the book and her friends also listening and telling that her story telling is very good and they all understand it very well. I feel very happy at that moment, because by telling story she has the power to make other to listen to her.
I completed a work project that had a deadline approaching and that I had been dreading finishing. 
YESTERDAY ONE COURIER CAME FROM BANGALORE. I OPENED THAT COVER I WAS SO SURPRISED. MY FRIEND SEND ONE APPLE IPHONE AS MY BIRTHDAY GIFT. THAT MOMENT I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
Today I met a friend for lunch.  It was so cool seeing her again.  We got a chance to catch up.  I was really happy.
While.I'm lying down on the sofa,my mother tickle me..i was laughing.
I and My brother went long drive in a calm road yesterday make me very happy
An event that's made my happy in the past 24 hours is my son passing the test to receive his driver's license.
coming home and being welcomed by my dog is always a time of the day that makes me happy.
My friend agreed to loan me money to pay my rent.
I ate lunch at a restaurant I havent been to in a long time and it brought back a lot of memories.
I realized I didn't have any work due tomorrow.
I am happy today because I received a 4% raise from the company that I work for.  
I went to the new crawfish restaurant on Hwy 90 today. 
last evening i booked a car for myself.i felt very happy.
I went to the thrift store and found three good shirts, two of which were new with the tags still on.
After a long gap, i  really enjoyed the day because of my wife..  she surprised me a gift on our first wedding anniversary. it was a special one .. it was a small pedant where my wedding photo   printed .. she made the design and chain. it shows how much she loves me..  we really enjoyed a lot on that  day .. still feel like young couple ..its was a beautiful anniversary.
My boss told me he trusted me to take on additional responsibility.
I got to spend time with my boyfriend and we went out for the day, and forget about all the troubles I have had lately.
That my schools cafeteria had good fruit for breakfast.
Being outside in the sunshine and feeling the warm sun on my face while riding my bike makes me feel happy.
An event that made me happy was getting a great deal on something I wanted to buy for a long time
When I woke up to the smell of coffee that my girlfriend made for me.
I missed my subway train and showed up five minutes late to a class this morning, but the professor actually ended up being 10 minutes late herself, so I was not penalized for tardiness.
Viewing one of the local films and admiring one of the best acting I have even seen by an actress.
My wife a surprise trip of Alaska for me, which are my dream place.
I got to miss my classes for the day because the rain was very bad.
Me and my girlfriend went out on an adventure today, we just drove in a random direction until we found somewhere that looked interesting and we ended up going to some cool shops.
My best friend invited me to lunch tomorrow
I worked out for an hour.
i received a promotion yesterday and thats what made me happy
I found a small dog that was starving and fed it.
I have a start-up Sugar Free blog that felt nearly impossible to keep up during the holidays and I just got a message from a follower saying aI am so encouraged by your account, I just found out I have to go completely sugar free, and I had no idea I could still eat so many amazing foods.My pet silky dog spent time.
being able to hear my babies heartbeat
I cleaned out my closet and was able to get rid of old clutter that was causing anxiety.
The event that made me happy was when my husband came in the room this morning and told me how much he loved me.
I got to take a shower while my newborn slept.
I found out that my supervisor signed the form to allow me to apply for another job at the same company.
A woman came into our Bible study.  She was from Iran but has become a Christian and abandoned being a Muslim.  It made me happy to hear her testimony.
I was really happy when my daughter facetimed me today just to chat between classes. I miss her and that meant a lot. 
My in-laws surprised me with a pie because I have had a tough week.
When I was driving home, there were thousands of sandhills cranes that had landed in a neighbor's field.
I found out a lot of my college credits will transfer to my new college :D
Today I went to the gym with someone I'd never been to the gym with before. We had fun working out together.
My Son got 1st rank in his class . 
MY grand daughter Alayah came and visit me today.
Today, I received my final grades for this quarter, and I was very happy with the results.
While waiting in the customer service line at one of the big box home improvement stores a man eating ice cream was moving back and forth from the front to the back and we struck up conversation and laughs of course.  He was returning something he bought for the house he is building for his daughter.  It made me happy because he was funny. 
I tried cooking chicken parm for the first time and it actually came out good and tasty! This makes me feel capable to cook other dishes now.
I fell asleep holding my wife.
Playing with my grand daughter at the park for an hour.
I went with my mother to get a handmade ice cream pop.
I got an order of drugs from the dark net.
I met up with two friends I haven't seen in several months for dinner. 
I got a big project done at work which made me very happy.
In the last hour, I got to go visit two very loving dogs; Bella and penny. I got bombarded with cuddles and endless dog kisses.
Find birthday wishes for the 1st year of a baby  boy. Make the ... Tweet a My son, you are turning one and it is such a special moment.
I saw my partner smile at our brain injury support group today.
I played a video game with my friend.
I had French toast for breakfast for the first time in awhile. French toast used to be my favorite breakfast as a kid and it was a nice throwback to my childhood besides being delicious.
We went beach and play some funny game.
My son went on the potty for the first time.
My boyfriend calling me in the morning and texting me through out the day reminding me he loves me.
I got one of the last donuts in the break room.
What made me happy in the last 24 hours was petting my feline cat Sherbert and seeing the joy it gives her.
I play a digital CCG called shadowverse that requires opening packs, I happened to open up a really rare card and I felt really happy.
Yesterday was my birthday. Entire family has given a big surprise by inviting all my friends and colleagues to my home and has arranged a big party. I was very happy, because i never expected such a big party in my life time.
I met with a friend for breakfast and he told me a funny joke.
I made an angel food cake with strawberries and whipped cream.
I was out to dinner with the guy I have been seeing and he called me beautiful. 
I saw on Facebook that Senator Bernie Sanders is going to enter a single-payer healthcare bill in Congress.
I received a surprise gift in the mail from my father.  
I was able to take the cone off of my cat because she had healed from surgery and she was much happier.
My mom called me up to check up on me.
I spoke to my sister whom I haven't spoken to in a few days.
I got off work a little early tonight and went to the grocery store and was able to build my own 6 pack with some great beers to film on my Youtube review channel.
Coming home from work made me very happy and relieved.
I went for a run and managed to finish a 5k without stopping once.
I got my bills paid. 
it is most happiest movement and to take good decision
I went bowling.
It made me happy to go out shopping with my wife. It may seem like a small thing but it was fun to get out and just spend time with her. 
i am very happy because today we won the cricket match. we were done very hard work for match. i am very happy for this match. 
Today while shopping at Aldi, they had a new coffee creamer option, salted caramel, it is absolutely fantastic.
We had a really interesting discussion in the book club I organized and people liked the book I chose.
This morning I found out my son scored the highest in his grade for the yearly state testing
My daughter talked about a recent dramatic event in a very cute way.
I was given a surprise 3% raise from my manager.
I finished my work day early today.
I purchased a latest model Television today.
I was doing my laundry and I found a lost $50.00 dollar bill in one of my pockets!
My dad picking me up to travel to where he lives in a city in Oklahoma to be with my mom, sister, and son. 
It was my birthday yesterday, all my friends was there to party and celebrate my birthday.
When I got into my lab this morning (I'm a chemist, by the way), I saw that the chemical reaction I started the day before actually worked. I was worried it wasn't going to work due to its complexity, but it did! Well, it did for now, this reaction was just one of the steps for a long reaction.
I was very happy last 24 hours when I received my incentive from my current working 
My kids laughing and playing made me happy in the last twenty four hours.
I made $35 on Amazon turk today.
These citywide events may take on many purposes, including art gallery openings, and social and political networking. American cities have promoted such events to bring people to historic areas perceived as dangerous, using the "safety in numbers" mentality to combat urban decay. In some cities this monthly event may occur on the first Saturday of each month instead of Friday or on "Third Thursdays".
I found $2 in my pocket this morning and feel like my coffee was free.
I finished one of the gifts I have to make for a loved ones birthday.
This afternoon I went to a job interview that went really well for a place that I want to work for.
I completed my taxes and found out I am receiving more than expected as a return this year; way more. That made me very happy!
My son made me happy when he woke me up by giving me a kiss on the cheek this morning.


My dog usually takes forever to poop when I take her outside, but yesterday she pooped instantly and it was pouring down rain, so that made me feel happy.
I had an happy incident yesterday that we got our loan sanctioned which we applied.
getting a raise
I had drinks and watched a good funny movie with my boyfriend.
I finished my work week and now have 5 days off.
In the past 24 hours I found a YouTube channel and Instagram profile that are comedy based and made me laugh a lot. It was needed because it helped lighten up the day.
My fiancA(c) had been really sick recently and I was very worried about her. This morning, I just discovered that she was making a recovery and felt a lot better. It removed stress from my life and made me happy knowing that she is improving. 
I did not have to go to work today. 
We have decided to go for a trip next month .
Last night my sister's daughter birthday party and its a happy event for me.
I had a short day at work.
I went for a nice walk in the woods.
I saw my granddaughter.
I thought my toenail fell off, but actually I already had a new toenail underneath!
today we waited too much time for our college bus, that time we enjoyed hug competition with both boys and girls. it is really superb happiest time
I hit my water goal.  I have a goal where I have to drink at least 120 ounces a day, and I was able to accomplish that.  
My wife and I completed signing loan documents for our new house.
got a call from my ex girlfriend on my birthday.
Going out for dinner with  family
I learned that I was being taken to Bouchon for my birthday this weekend.
When I was driving home from dropping my husband off at work, I viewed a very beautiful sunrise.
I did fifty pushups this morning.  
The prospect of weekend coming as it is Friday today and my upcoming vacation leave on Monday, so it's a long relaxing weekend for me!
My toddler smiled and my baby smiled in response.
This morning my boyfriend and I woke up early enough before work to have some time to cuddle with each other.
last night  i went to dance bar with my lover.
I got a new pair of shoes in the mail.
One event that made me happy was when I was able to reach a certain threshold in my video game.
I was walking my dog with my kids to the park.  I was very happy enjoying the weather and the outdoors with the kids.
I was paid a salary, and maybe I'm expecting a promotion at work. My son got good grades at school.
 I have celebrated my uncle birthday with my whole family. we have enjoyed a lot
Receiving cupcakes in the mail from an aunt.
I was skyping with a friend and she had her baby on cam. The baby was laughing at smiling at me while I was making faces.
Got a subway sandwich on my way back from school. Tasted great!
I was finally out of work and on vacation for a few days to reset and re charge myself.  Also to relax more.
Today I went to my friend Joanna's marriage and there I see many of my old friends.
I got promotion is unforgettable moment in my life.I felt grateful at that time.Its a very surprising news for me.I cannot hide the fact that i am happy and proud because i now feel my endeavour and works several days for the organization most of the time i gave positive results to the organization.I thought this is one of my stepping stone for success.I also thank God for the company director not forgetting my boss who has always treated me as a pupil, son and friend since I set foot in the organization.I also believe that position comes to greater responsibility and even so,it is incredible opportunity for me to demonstrate my abilities whatever i have learnt.  
I took a swing dancing class that energized me and made me feel great.
I met up with some friends I haven't seen for a week.
I had an ice cream float.
Three of my friends came to visit my house yesterday and we enjoyed a lot during the whole night and they stayed in my house and they returned the next day morning.
Finishing Parent Teacher conferences tonight.
I had a very nice spaghetti meal
RECEIVED A BIG ORDER FOR SUPPLY OF LOGISTICS SUPPORT TO AN MNC
I went grocery shopping and the kale was cheap and beautiful.
I met my college friends today. We went to my favourite restaurant and had all the recipes made by the chief cook. I was elated in ecstasy
My ex-boyfriend got in contact with me today. I am dating other people but I still miss him. We had a long conversation and agreed to meet soon. I'm excited!
Something that made me happy was eating a cheeseburger and fries for dinner.  I've been eating healthier of late, so when I saw my wife had made cheeseburger's for dinner, I was very happy.
I finally purchased a membership for which i was striving.
There is a small street dog in our neighborhood whom I feed milk and bread from last few days and today morning I saw that puppy was sick. I took him to nearest pet doctor and the doctor treated him. Actually the puppy ate something bad and after helping I am feeling very happy.
I completed more work for a class of mine.
I watched on old TV episode that reminded me of high school.
I found out my doctor was in network, covered at 100% and no copays or bills for his services would have to be paid!
My husband bought a new car first time after our marriage
Somebody I like messaged me after some time and remembered a previous conversation.
Today I got the promotion order from my boss.
My partner showed me a lot of affection this morning when we woke up.
i have a beautiful family.my parents are very caring for my self.they makes very happy to my life.my father gives good gift for my self. because recently i got promotion so he gives gift to my self.it makes surprise to me.it is very good moment in my life.i feel very happiest women in my world. 
My girlfriend heard back from a job interview that wants to move forward.
Taking a hot shower early this morning.
I had a successful day at work in regards to helping people
I bought a new couch today, it looks great in my house!
I was happy when I completed a Mturk goal for the day.
I ate a cheese stick that tasted good. 
i thought the dog was sick but he was not he was scared because of the rain thank goodness
My son came home from practice and had a really good day.
yesterday evening I want to meet one of my business friend. His house is very interior from the town. I and my wife went there by bike. Both side has a agriculture land. The site seeing is very much impressive. Both are enjoyed lot. 
Today I got to work with a store manager from another store who I rarely get to see, which was a nice surprise at the end of a long work week. 
I have brownie and ice cream as breakfast.
I was starving for almost half the day and when I went to eat, I got my favorite pizza. This made my day.
This morning I finally re-potted a plant that has been stinking up my house for weeks.
Yesterday, I had a 2-hour conversation with my friend. We discussed various topics and plans for the upcoming month.
My wife made me a special dinner.
I saw the girl I have crush on in the street in early morning
I woke up late for work today, But I still managed to get there on time.
I saw one of my favorite bands live in concert. I have been a fan of their music for ten years and saw them with a close friend. The concert lasted for two hours.
My husband brought me home a Starbucks coffee.
My neighbor gave some special chicken dish today. I love chicken very much.
I bought & ate cookies after not having them for a very long time.
I got to work and discovered that I had been posted in a closed custody unit today and my day would quiet and stress free.
I have purchased new shirts.
I was happy today when I helped my mother-in-law which her financial adviser.  His company was not taking care of her investments and she was losing money. She asked me to go to her adviser today to assist with changes. This made me happy knowing that she had peace of mind about her investments and was grateful that I was there to help her.
I got to sign my daughter up for school and she was happy.
I hit a straight flush while playing poker.
Yesterday I went for lunch with my friends n got one good news that one of my friend is above to get engage I was so happy .
moving desks around at work.
I had a wonderful evening with my lover.
my friend come from his native
I made a budget for the next two months.
In the last 24 hours I complete a project at work that was challenging. 
The grocery store was selling my favorite little debbie snack that I thought was discontinued.
I got to spend some time with my significant other.
go out with friends like a tour and enjoyed a lot
My Son beat be in an indoor game.
I met some old school friends through social networks which was a very great moment
I HAVE BEAUTIFUL FAMILY WITH FULL OF HAPPINESS, YESTERDAY MY BROTHER GOT GOVERNMENT JOB THAT WAS A WONDERFUL MOMENT IN MY LIFE .
I was happy today when my girlfriend and I signed the lease to our first apartment in which we will live together. 
I can remember many happy events of my life and out of those, I would like to talk about the event that I can still remember vividly regarding my success in the board exam. The moment I heard that I had been awarded a scholarship based on my performance in the board exam, I became the happiest man in the world. This was indeed a very happy moment for me as it is something I was looking forward to achieving and the news made my parents quite happy and proud.
I had a happiest moment this time as I was passed in the medical entrance examination to qualify for the government medical college.
Finishing my last class of the week.
I hook up my bike lights to my electric bike.
I talked to my girlfriend today.
i finally manged to clear the computer virus that was multiplying files on my laptop hardrive
Today evening turned out to be sunny, as opposed to the usual rain we have here in the north west, and I was happy to see my son again wanting to go out and play.
I was teaching my young daughter math and she started picking it up really well. She started to answer the problems all on her own and I got really excited because it finally clicked for her.
I remember that I was finally able to exercise at a gym. 
I bought my toddlers some sidewalk chalk and their faces lit up when they saw it and they had a lot of fun drawing and it made me so happy to see them so happy.
Clean the yard of my house.
I managed to wake up before it was noon.
I started working in a certain company wherein I had became a developer for certain templates. It was a happy event because it's the first time that I'm going to focus on my career, and will have opportunities to grow as a person, and as an employee.

i had helped my mother in cooking.
One of my student's shared that he has straight A's and is on track for four year university.
My husband and kids go to office and school, now I am free of work and can enjoy my free time alone at home.
My colleague bought me a drink for a bet i have won
I WENT DO MOVIE
I went to National Park and enjoyed with my family members.
I competed all my work on time and went for movie. .the movie was awesome and I god refreshed and inspired. This thing made me happy.
yesterday i bought one puppy dog it is so cute so i enjoyed to bought this cut one
I saw my grandma after 5 years yesterday that moment makes me feel happy.
I got a new client yesterday.
The most happy moment is being with your family after a long gap.
I had dinner with my brother who I haven't seen in awhile.
I went on a picnic with my friends and enjoyed a lot.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I went to temple.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WEND TO TEMPLE
Yesterday evening when i cross the road one my friend faced accident. i called ambulance and carried him to the hospital. doctor said if he would have come thirty minutes late he would have died. thanks lot i saved his life. 
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I got to get home tonight in time for a restful sleep.
Going to the ice cream chop made me happy because I was able to visit ex coworkers and grab some ice cream as well.
I went to hindi class.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I was able to get out of work early to see my daughter perform in a play.
I WENT TO YOGA
i make small boat to day, 
I had a great online fight video game with my friend and won in that match.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
my mom speak with after a long period.
I met with friends for a religious event. It was very good. 
I witnessed a rocket being launched into space by SpaceX . It was truly awe inspiring to see a private company doing such bold things, it gives me a sense of pride to see human's pushing the envelope to the max.
Today I went to see my therapist and we talked about the problems of my week, and was given positive ways to resolve them. I was very happy leaving the office knowing I had someone helping me live more positively.
I visit my sister in law son marriage and had a lot of fun with them.
In previous year I was sick. I got severe head ache and went to hospital for check up.Unfortunately Doctors couldn't find the real reason of this head ache.Continously i was getting a lot of symptoms like neck pain , double vision ,leg pain etc.Finally doctor diagnosed properly it is all because of brain .After Eye test doctor said you should take MRI .It may be because of Brain tumor or something.I was afraid.I started crying because my children are very small.Any way I was ready to face all the problems.I put trust in my Lord Jesus christ.Praise the Lord.After MRI doctor found there is blood clot in Brain .Doctor said don't worry  I will treat you.Medicine started Within 1 and half years all symptoms reduced slowly I became all right Praise the Lord .I am extremely happy.
Yesterday night I finished my pending project of 6 months. I was so happy to see myself doing that. I celebrated it by eating ice-creams with my family. 
i brought a new helmet to day
I bought one new bike yesterday and went a long drive in that bike and that moment make me feel happy.
The day i started playing badminton. I still feel energetic and happy i have started playing. 
I went for a birthday party of my relative who turned 50.It was a nice occasion where i met other relatives who came for the party and we had a nice time.
yesterday i went to my sister home to celebrate their birthday party.all my relatives are get in together to enjoy the party.we presented a gift also.it was interesting and enjoyable moment
My son cuddled with me on the couch.
When my little daughter insisted to feed me a meal 
I popped into the local shop after a very long hard day at work to buy some tobacco and decided to buy a scratchcard with my change and won APS3000. I am still smiling now
Watching a funny youtube video.
I found out my insurance covered an appointment today so I saved a lot of money.
I had a good night sleep after a long time.
I BOUGHT A NICE FANTASTIC MOBILE yesterday.that is what made my day very happy. 
yesterday i went to my sister home to celebrate their birthday party.all my relatives are get in together to enjoy the party.we presented a gift also.it was interesting and enjoyable moment
I talked to my truck-driver husband on the phone for 2 hours. 
I made juice from very pungent taste mangoes.
I took a bath yesterday night. I was very happy about it as the weather is very hot.
Completed the itinerary for my road trip by hashing it out with my girlfriend.
Yesterday was a big festival for us. We wake up early in the morning and decorated the house well with flowers. Later i prepared different food items as festival special foods then we have done pooja in home and went to temple.Later the whole day we enjoyed a lot in home enjoying special traditional programs and the traditional food that i have prepared. The whole day was very enjoyable and i loved it much.
Today I feel very happy because I won a soccer game very important for me personally

I passed my mid term on Tuesday.
I saw the new Dave Chappelle special on Netflix.
Today was my dog's birthday.  We got a cake for her and celebrated her 10th birthday.
My cat rubbed my cheek with her pay and then kissed me on the nose.
My wife and I had a lovely romantic experience that made me so happy.
I slept for about eight hours despite the constant construction noise outside. 
My friend came over to watch Critical Role.
we have attended a big fat indian wedding yesterday.i had never seen such a big wedding ceremony.everything seems to be wonderful.i really enjoyed and had a great time there will all the relatives and family members.
I got an appreciation for my project from my boss
my dog came home after disappearing on me for a full hour.
I had a very good latte at a coffee shop.
My husband made us delicious steak tacos for dinner.
Today I was really sad because of some personal things going on, but then my dog came and sit pretty much on top of me all day. She was giving me loves and just making sure I was okay. She never let me out of her sight because she knew I had a hard day. That made me so happy and just grateful. Even on my hardest days it is moments like this that make me realize how happy I am and how lucky I am. She changed my whole mood. 
Yesterday i was going to the office on the way i met a beggar he was asking me for food and i took him to the nearest hotel and helped him to have his food. this made me very happy.
Pushing my son in his toy car and seeing him smile & laugh while doing so made me very happy.
My one year old daughter played with my baby daughter.
My girlfriend brought me lunch today.
new entrant to our house. we bought a parrot
i was happy that i am making good progress on a new project at work.
My dream bike I was able to purchase without any loans. I earned to get it and was very happy taking my partner and roaming around.
Partying with a lot of really cute girls made me happy.
PLEASANT WALK IN THE PARK BESIDE MY HOUSE MADE MY DAY
I received a text message from a loved one I haven't talked to for a couple weeks telling me how much they miss me.
last day i read the HOLY QURAN which give me happy and inner peace
At midnight, my daughter turned 15 years old. I knocked on her door at 12:01 am and sang "Happy Birthday" to her as I do every year. She was waiting for me, I could tell. She was smiling and thanking me afterwards. Her smile lights up my day and makes me happy more than anything in this world.
This evening, as in 2 or 3 hours ago, I finally ordered a new sever for my house.  This is something I had been thinking of doing for a couple years.  I managed to find some reason to put it off, either I was waiting doe some event such as the next Christmas sales or my next tax return.  I also put it off because when configuring the computer by individual components, one can easily get lost in the vast number of choices.  My old server is getting very long in the tooth so it is a great relief that I was able to finally order the new one.  I am rather excited by this as I have some ideas that require the new machine.
I had applied for a scholarship for one of my online course and didnt receive any message from the university reg that.But today morning when the postman handed over the cover, it was from the university that I had been granted a scholarship making me very happy !
I went for a nice evening walk with my dog.
I gave a pair of beautiful new leggings to a woman who has a newborn.
wake up this morning and find my grass in backyard that I planted week earlier is greener
I got my phone repaired yesterday evening. It was not working since many days. I am very happy to see it working now.
I went to the movie theater by myself and had a great time.
Some incidences that I want to relate where I have been the happiest in the past few weeks. I'm sharing the best week of probably the decade. I suddenly booked tickets to Tirupti, where my sister lives with her husband and their cute daughter. I love being with my niece, she is all I got. This journey was all about randomness and I think randomness gave me joy.
My husband was paid early today so we are able to pay rent.
Talk less; listen more. Listening keeps your mind open to othersa wisdoms and outlooks on the world. The more intensely you listen, the quieter your mind gets, and the more content you feel.Talk less; listen more. Listening keeps your mind open to othersa wisdoms and outlooks on the world. The more intensely you listen, the quieter your mind gets, and the more content you feel.
My husband stopped by my workplace to pick me up. That was a surprise! I didn't have to take the bus.
My boyfriend made me soup, his own improvised recipe.Going out and meeting old friends at pizza hut.Talking to my sister in law, eating some chocolate custard, and spending some time with my youngest child.went to shopping and bought a dresses,slippers,cloths.i am so happy on that moment.
Few hours back got a call from head office on my promotion to next level. This news delighted me and my team members a lot without doubt
today morning i have participated one cricket tournament where i have scored very good run. we won that game an i have received man of the match in that match
i want to Temple and enjoyed the lot and my friends also came to Temple with me
I went to help a friend clean her house.  She has been feeling overwhelmed and stressed out lately.   It made me very happy to be able to help her.
I got a compliment in my church for answering quiz correctly and it made me happy
When I saw the sunrise.
I got to eat a really yummy danish with my coffee this morning. 
I played the new Zelda game on my brand new Nintendo Switch - the graphics are awesome!
Getting a chance to spend time with my little one and enjoy doing my hobby of home decor at the same time.
My students, in the college I work for spoke so nicely to me! I was flattered. Generally I will  be a butt of joke to them!
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
My wife gave birth to a baby boy and this made me happy.
I went on a romantic date with my girlfriend.
My nieces were very happy to see me today when we picked them up from school!
My cute pet Meenu (cat) gave birth to 6 kittens yesterday. Its an unforgettable experience and I am very very happy and filled with joy.
I started reading a book titled "Instant Handwriting Analysis" and by the help of this book I came to know some of my positive traits by going through my own previously handwritten notes and it made me very happy.
I'm happy I could manage to meet my daily work targets even on my holiday.
I meet my old Friend Patty.
I ate a very good dinner with colleagues of mine
I watched a "so bad it's good" sci-fi movie.
My nephew visited me
Today I got my first freelance job as a computer builder in which I was paid in advance. I am sitting next to an envelope of a little over $400 and I think it's probably the most I have on me in a long time.
My favorite celebrity, Louis Tomlinson, posted a picture on Instagram after not doing so for a few days. 
I arrived in Dublin after 17 hours of traveling. 
Yesterday, we went out for shopping and were searching for a good gift for our cute son. After a search of nearly 3 hours, we bought a new car with 2 member seat area in order for him to drive and play along with his friends.
I meditated and was able to focus on my breathing.
We had a cricket match yesterday at our apartment club house area which was full of fun and sporty. The whole evening we played the match by dividing as two teams. It was such an enjoyable moment for all of us in our community. My team won 2 out of 3 matches we played altogether. 
I got a call back for an audition for a job.
What made me happy today was the sun coming out. It had been raining for days on end and finally there were the beautiful sunshine.
I am working as a team leader in a reputed firm. I work for my company for the past 5 years. I lead a team and i know each and every one very well. I prepared a project report for a salary appraisal for my team and proceed to my immediate supervisor. He read the project and he was not happy with my report. He cancelled the report and prepared a new report . Our manager gone through our supervisors project report and he also read my report. He sanctioned my report and fired my supervisor for his foolish report. I know that i did a very good project report and i don't know why he rejected my report. I got the sanctioned mail from my manager and i am very happy this moment. It was really a victory for me. 
I was happy when I went for a nice long walk outside.  
Yesterday night after a long and big struggle I had been elected as a President to our GOD MARIAMMAN  Temple Society by its Board Members.  I felt happy because this is my one of  life dream
I was listening to pop music and rnb yesterday in the day  and that always makes me happy
My son is just 7 years old. He wrote an essay about his favourite character on his own and got a prize. 
Little night beer with a friend 
I got to hear from my father who was just released from the hospital today. He was very ill and the entire family was very worried about it. We finally got great news about his health status today and a wonderful phone call!
With laughter and a positive attitude in her voice, my mom shared with me that her cancer has returned.  While I was trying to keep my composure over the phone, she sounded strong and ready to fight once more.
MY DAUGHTER'S SCHOOL GAVE HER A FAIR WELL PARTY GIFT YESTERDAY. IT MADE ME HAPPY.
The landlord people came in fix the hot water heater within 24 hours of when it broke.
My taxes deposited in my bank account.
I was able to complete all my accounts and tax before the march financial year ends
i made my dog sit 
Got a Yoohoo.
I went hiking with my boyfriend yesterday. It was just a mini hike, but the scenery was absolutely stunning.
Caught up with some old friends, met them by surprise and had a couple of drinks in the sunshine.
I had Hawaiian food for dinner. 
Yesterday, after rehearsal for our show, I had a conversation with a student (a senior) who was nervous about performing, and when the conversation ended, he looked at me with real sincerity and said "I love you"; and since these kids feel like my own children, it made my heart overflow.
I woke up to the smell of fresh brewed coffee and as I was still groggy and half asleep I felt happy my partner had awoken and prepared the coffee for me, this way I could just wake up and pour myself a glass. It was a kind gesture that left me feeling loved and started my day right.
I watched The Goonies for the first time in years. Sloth love Chunk! Truffle Shuffle! Being an 80s kid is basically one of the best things in the world.
its bout finishing my new drawing which i had done very well as i work on it a lot and hard its a beautiful image for some person who i love very much and i will give it to him as a present i suppose he will be very happy also.
A Male Child was born in our home, after a gap of 3 generations, we are so happy on that day, celebrated a big fun fair in our home with my relatives and friends.
I was happy when I went on a walk with my son.
Shortly after I got back home from shopping I saw the cat, snapped a picture and sent it to my sister with a funny caption about the kitty litter I had just bought for her. 
After eating a few plates of food finally the time to spend and talk to the family has come, everyone starts sharing their feelings on how happy they are for the birthday girl. The birthday girl with all the happiness showing on her face makes her look so beautiful, and the family makes her feel special as well like if there would not be a next day. At this part of the party when everyone has finish eating everyone starts to dance with the birthday girl. Is a night full with happiness and surprises, one of the surprises were that my cousin was given as a gift her first car. In my opinion it was a beautiful car, a Mustang Cobra 2006. But not as beautiful as the food I had tasted before, I never find out who had made food. But I know it was the best food Iave ever tasted in my entire life, including when I use to live in Mexico. Maybe some one else could think that is just regular food, but they do not see it the way I do. Only people who had move from the place they were raised on to go live to a foreign country could understand what I am talking about. Seeing someone cook Mexican food, or eating makes me feel like I am back on my country. That is why Mexican food is my favorite food.
Having slept 8 hours in a row, haven't been able to do that for a long time.
I  GOT A SURPRISE GIFT FROM MY DADDY.I  PLAN TO BUY THIS GIFT  FOR THE PAST ONE YEAR AND THIS MOMENT MAKE MY DAY HAPPY.
The moment I received a message from railway  regarding the confirmation of my berth as I had to attend a very important meeting with a client 
Playing an android game.
I ate a brownie for dessert and it was really delicious.
I saw a dog and smiled at him.
Yesterday I was able to do 25 minutes of cardio.
I finished an important work project I had been working on for weeks.
my best friend gave birth to twins 
The AC which was out of order since last 2 days at my work place got repaired today.
I went for a long drive with my family in a car.There we planed for Get together party with my whole family.I enjoyed a lot.
 i went to a tour with my family and the journey was very happy for me.Dream a happy journey build from many happy moments, because in the real world only a happy journey brings a happy ending. In reality, a happy moment attracts another happy moment, which attracts another happy moment, and then another happy moment. Suddenly, you are surrounded by an abundance of happy moments, in only one day. And, at the end, when you think about it, you discover you had a happy life.
One of my friends told me a funny joke.
Eating tasty food with deeply fried chicken leg piece  
um...stopping Person from committing suicide then having a 3 hour conversation about life... 

he asked me out the next day which was cool!turned out we both really liked each other. 

I really love to make people happy!
Me and My went went for the purchase after long time.
My vacation started so that made me really happy! 
after maturity i got the principal  amount  and interest today. which makes me happy.
My wife gave me an excellent tea in the morning.
My work prepared food for a local nursing home and we went and visited with them for a couple of hours. 
When I finished a whole spicy pizza.
We made a trip to our new apartment, and began the cleaning process so that we can paint and decorate!
I had a really nice conversation with my girlfriend, and we watched a television show together. It was really pleasant.
I got a lot of positive comments on my profile picture on Facebook.
My friend invited me to a party.
I won debate competition yesterday, so happy.
My wife made a burger for me.
My son today at the Dr. was able to listen to my heart beat and his. It made him very happy!
Receiving my once-a-month pay check by direct deposit from the US Postal Service, and it was about $50 more than I expected, just about 1:15am this morning (03.31.17), always a source of anxiety.
I was happy when I got home from work and I walked in the door and was greeted with two big hugs from my two little daughters.
Was $10 short on rent. I recycled bottles in my home and it ended up being $11.
Looking at the old photo album and seeing all the good memories with my friends and family.
I bought a new camera. I love cameras and photography and anytime I have the money for new equipment I am happy.
My husband woke up for his night shift job and smiled at me.
bought a new dress for myself
Realizing that I have been tobacco free for a whole week.
Being able to go to therapy and be listened to made me happy. 
My son helped me cook dinner tonight, he's four years old. We had a really good time. He listened really well. Then, we sat down and had a peaceful dinner together. It was really nice. 
Waking up this morning without back pain.
Talking to the cashier at the store checkout counter made me feel happy.
I enjoyed a great meal at my favorite Mexican cuisine restaurant
Yesterday my 11 month old stood up and took two steps for the first time. His dad was home from work to be able to see it with me. 
i was happy when i got my new glasses at the store yesterday, this is my first glasses and it feel a bit weird but i like it.
yesterday i spoken to my friend and i felt very happy because she was selected in dance competition.
Well, we split up because I was too focused on work; on making money and getting married, having kids... I didnt look after her.
My cat had surgery and it was successful and went very well.
In yesterday, a small dangerous insect came into my home in night. I was shocked and I called my neighbour to beat it. It was a happy moment because my family was got afraid of that insect.
I played basketball with my wife and daughter today in our backyard. Overall it was a lot of fun and a great workout.
My son received a reward at school that he was very excited about when he showed me.
My grand daughter stared crawling and taking toys she wants.
One event that made me happy was purchasing a new baseball game for my Playstation that I could play with my friend. 
There were breakfast treats at work yesterday and it was very nice.
We have brought new TV, which is having lot of good features 
My father got promoted and we all celebrated it.
My husband and I found time to play a video game together which is something we rarely find time for.
I am on leave from my office work i spent time with my wife
I was happy at the thought that tomorrow was friday
I won a large award at work due to my job performance over the last year.
I can remember many happy events of my life and out of those yesterday last event, I would like to talk about the event that I can still remember vividly regarding my success in the board exam.
The orchids that I ordered 3 weeks ago finally arrived yesterday afternoon.
I played Mario Run on my android tablet made me happy today.
I weighed myself and seen that I lost 2 pounds!
I completed a group cycling road ride that was 34 miles at an average of 18 miles per hour.
I hit the daily number on the lottery last night.
The first thing that made me happy was that i saw i friend that had long time to see.
My favorite basketball team scored a massive win last night playing against a fierce rival.
We fed rice to beautiful peacocks.
It really is the simple things, I came home from work and my husband who stayed home all day with our twin daughters had vaccumed the entire house for me while I worked.
Purchased a laptop computer for my business purpose.
I was able to get my car washed and put into my garage before it started raining, which was satisfying.
After much time struggling and looking up solutions, I was finally able to get some software installed and configured on my computer for a project.
Playing Rise of tomb raider game.
I made an awesome cake today. everyone in my family loved it.
I got up real early in the morning and didn't feel tired for a change and went and worked out. 
i had a compliment on my weight
I started watching a new television series that I enjoy.
The sun came out yesterday
My mother came and spent the night at our house.
Yesterday I found a coupon for a free ice cream from Dairy Queen in my car.
Today in class my teacher asked a question and I answered. He seemed very impressed by my answer and praised my answering.
Having new sheets on the bed when it was time for sleep.
I woke up and it was Friday!
When I am lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me, I was laughing.
Last night it was warm enough to grill out which, to me, signals the beginning of the spring and summer seasons.  This is a time of happiness, growth, and fun.
Today being the start of the weekend made me happy.
My son got a job offer when attending the job fair at school, many of the employers were impressed with his JROTC uniform. 
My air conditioner finally got fixed in time for the hot summer.
I watched my daughter do very well in her dance class.
I saw on the news that the former national security advisor was asking for immunity and could flip on Trump
I called off work at my Part Time job because I am working to many hours during the week between my 40 hours and the part time job.  I wanted to spend the night playing with my 17 month old baby.  I had the time of my life playing with him all night. It made a perfect night and allowed me to spend quality time with him and actually feel like his dad.
went to a friends house for dinner and a movie
I was able to find and purchase a Nintendo Switch system. 
one of my friends got a health insurance cheque with  my help today. He had been taken a health insurance from me, because I have a health insurance agency. He got an accident and it was a serious injury. But I helped him to get a claim and he got the full claim of 50000 INR today. It makes me happy today.
CELEBRATED BROTHER IN LAW BIRTHDAY IN THE MORNING. AS FOR BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION PREPARED A HOME MADE CAKE BY MIXING FLOUR, SUGAR, BUTTER, EGG, ESSENCE & BAKING POWDER. PREPARING CAKE IS ALSO FUN FILLED WITH THE FAMILY MEMBERS. ALSO PREPARED FEW MORE SWEETS AND WENT TO CHURCH FOR GETTING THE BLESSINGS OF GOD. REALLY FELT THE DAY WITH JOY, BY CUTTING THE CAKE AND SHARING WITH THE FAMILY MEMBERS. 
my husband in singapore for working .One day he came back here to surprise me that is a very very happy moment in my life.
i was happy eating my favorite dinner tacos with family
What made me really happy is that my daughter got a job offer for a great position she really wanted.
When I saw my kids pull up in my son's car, carrying a cardboard box (using their hands through his sunroof) that was almost as long as the car for my daughter's school project.
I stained and put together a pallet board shelf and put a star on it. First time making one and it came out nice. 
My wife called me to tell me that she had a serve headache and bleeding from the nose, she was alone and I was very far away but she was able to get herself to the doctor's office!




yesterday i watched my favorite film with my girlfriend. he was sitting very closely to me.
We surprised my stepson with a power ranger toy he really wanted for Easter.
I had a great nights sleep
At work, I got a call from a prospective client for a big project.
I watched my 5 year old clean his room completely by himself without being asked.
i felt happy when i buy a laptop yesterday.
I checked my bank account after I was paid via direct deposit, and made more than I thought I did.
I went to my girlfriend's house with a salad from Wendys, but instead they offered me some of their dinner, which was much better.
I had some yummy homemade chicken soup for dinner.
i have bought a new hero bike with discount
I got home last night and played my favorite video game for hours.
My menstrual cycle has just finished yesterday and I am feeling happy about it. Its day one again and I am feeling relaxed.
I started the day yesterday morning by warming up with an exercise routine called Classical Stretch. I'd been sick for over a week and this was the first morning I felt energized enough to exercise. Felt very good and I felt happy.
Yesterday morning I was able to sleep in longer in the morning. It was raining and cold and gloomy and I stayed in bed and pulled the flannel sheets over my head and went back to sleep for an extra 1 hour. Pure heaven.
Yesterday I worked on planning a family trip to Disneyland in Anaheim, California.
WHEN I PICK MY SON UP FROM SCHOOL AND HE SHOWED ME HIS REPORT CARD AND IT SHOWED THAT HE PASSED HIS SEMESTER EXAMS
Someone I had been texting for the last few weeks stopped texting me, so I had though she had lost interest in me.  Then, last night she texted me back, saying that she was sick.  She wants to see me soon. It made me incredibly giddy.
I calculated my finances for the month and figured out that my friends owed me more than I'd anticipated. I'm now looking forward to see them pay my bills. 
Played 9 Hole Golf game in the morning.
Going out to dinner with my entire family for my birthday.
My friend sent me a list of 30 things that she loves about me, as a 30th birthday gift.
I was given a nice raise and bonus at work.
Last night, my husband grilled burgers for our family, my daughter's friend, and two of our neighbors. It was the first time this spring we were able to sit outside on the deck. The weather was perfect and the bugs aren't out yet. 
I was teaching my sister in law how to drive yesterday and she did a good job driving home at night.
I spoke with my sibling.
I woke up in the middle of the night to let my dog out and when I came back to bed my fiance rolled over and started to play with my hair in his sleep. He never does things like that and it made me really happy.
My daughter asked me to tell her a story before bed and then wanted me to snuggle with her after the story was over
This morning I woke up, looked at the clock and realized that I still had another hour to sleep.
I made nearly double my goal on mturk, which is great!
I wasn't feeling well last night so I took a nap after work. When I woke up my husband had made dinner and cleaned the kitchen.
Yesterday morning, my two-year-old grandson came over to spend the day with me.  
I was happy today when a friend I have not seen in a long time called me and wanted to go to lunch. 
We finally managed to get the kitchen sink unclogged after hours of labor.
My son got an A on his test.
My little brother showed me his new place and I was so incredibly happy for him.
My friend's threw a surprise birthday dinner for me last night. 
My sister, my partner and I went to church last night.
I was able to fall asleep easily, which isn't always the case.
I was down in the dumps because of some losses in the online business that I am doing. But I received a Word of prophesy through a ministry in the United States today. God clearly told me not to lose my confidence. He added that better days are coming. I felt relieved and so happy.
Yesterday I had a visit with my doctor and she confirmed I no longer need to go to therapy, as I am currently in good health.
My friend and I started planning an art installation that is going to touch many people at an event in a couple months.
while playing poker i made a good profit though i was playing it for the first time hence i felt very happy and proud
I called my mother to chat.
I had my picture taken for my school's newsletter.
I went to a follow up visit with my doctor and discovered that the issue I was worried about was in fact a non-issue and I didn't have to return for six months.
Received a call from my daughter and text pictures of her new dining room furniture.
My boss was away on business which made my workday very enjoyable and left me with a smile on my face all day long.
I was able to play video games for the first time in a few weeks.
i drank a great coffee this morning
Today evening as I went to the terrace of my house I noticed my neighbours dog coming wagging his tail and greeting me. Since both the houses are very close and the stairs lay parallel to each other, their dog will accompany me as I go up and down the stairs. It was so good to see their dog showing his affection and care towards me.
Today i help a poor man by giving some food and he thank  me lot. it  make me happy
This event that made me happy was when I was complimented about the way I looked with how I dressed by a stranger. This stranger told me that I dressed very mature for my age. They also told me that I looked handsome. This compliment made me very happy and also made me feel good about myself.
When i passed my midterm exams
I got an email saying that I moved forward in the application process for a much-wanted job!
My husband made me a nice meal of a favorite dish.
I had a good dinner with my kids and in-laws last night that made me happy. 
i didnt have to run to the store again i found another can of coffee.
After a trip to the emergency room, my brother is fine!
My favorite NBA team (Chicago) won an exciting game yesterday evening against the Cavaliers and that made me happy.
Yesterday, my family (husband and 2 children) were able to spend the day with some friends at the Children's Museum. 
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing, the next best thing is the wrong thing, and the worst thing you can do is nothing.

I got up early and went for a walk
I helped my 5 year old daughter paint a picture of the cat.  As we did this art project we laughed at the silly colors we used for the cat.
Catching my plane in time and getting to the airport smoothly.  I took public transport which I had not done before and was able to get to the airport with no issues!
My daughter was born this morning and she is absolutely beautiful. 



The laptop charger that I ordered was delivered. 
Our family had dinner at our favorite restaurant.
I had a great cup of coffee this morning.
My friend invited me over on Saturday for a few drinks.
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest 
moment in my life..
My jobs have flexibility to allow me to choose how work gets done.  I have been feeling slow this week, but yesterday I made up for it with getting a bunch of projects complete.
I had my favorite lunch this afternoon which my mother made for me. 
Yesterday I made the decision to work only a half day at work today (Friday), so it will be a short work day and I get to spend time with my wife and daughter.
I drank a very sweet drink.
My son's reaction seeing me when I picked him up from daycare was my happy moment yesterday.
I had dinner with my dad and spending time with him, plus yummy food, makes me happy!
Small investment is doing well.
i went for a nice long walk with my husband this morning.
It rained so I didn't have to do a bunch of yard work.
I got a good grade on my biochemistry test that I studied very hard for. 
My husband reading a book to my son made me happy.
I was able to watch The Goldbergs on demand (cable). 
My husband and I prepared a nice home cooked meal together. 
I gave my cockatiel a shower yesterday and it's funny to watch her wings flap around under the water.
I had a delicious dinner with some of my favorite flavors.
A happy moment in the past 24 hours was making a great pot of chicken soup with the right seasonings and balance. It felt very healthy to eat and was great tasting.
I had lunch with a group of my friends for the first time in a few weeks. 
Despite having a crazy day at work yesterday, I was able to get off of work early. 
I was able to refill my medication and not feel sick anymore
I completed my month end production report this morning.  It is important the final product numbers matches the raw material numbers for the plant.   Sometimes the numbers don't match and I have to spend a lot of time trying to figure out why.  Usual it something as simple as someone inputted a wrong number in a form.  Fortunately,  everything worked out as expected this month.  
I was invited to a birthday party
My cat sat next to me and started purring.
Well it's silly but I found out you can put game items into you house on GaiaOnline and I was really excited about it because that meant I could put fish in my underwater-themed mermaid house.
I took my daughter to school this morning.
I enjoyed watching a new show last night. 
This was a time I spent with my son teaching him coloring and I found him a quick learner, a happy moment for me.
I talked to a good friend of mine who I haven't talked to or seen in a while.  She is currently living in China.
I won a free frozen pizza in a grocery store's online instant win game.
My daughter cooked dinner
I ate some good ramen yesterday for lunch, it was spicy ramen with eggs and spam.
I'm happy that I get paid today!!!
Thursday nights every week my boyfriend and I get together with a group of friends for dinner and drinks.  
I was happy talking with my granddaughter last night.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was cooking a very expensive steak for my girlfriend and making it perfect.
I had the opportunity to spend the day with my 15 month old nephew and it made me very happy to learn about his character as he grows.  It was like seeing my little brother all over again. 
I went for a run on a trail near my house yesterday afternoon. It was right before a big storm, so the atmosphere was very interesting.
We had a company sponsored workout class after work yesterday and my boss took us out for dinner afterwards and we had a great time!
I was able to make a large deposite for an overdue payment just in time. I was on  the last 2 hours to be able to make the payment that was overdue. I was able to do it and I feel a took a large waight oof of my shoulders.
Last night I confirmed with my new partner that they had the same days off as me, so I bought a plane ticket to visit them!
Met with electrician and plumber at new house my wife and I are builing
i realized that life was okay, and i didnt need to worry so much
I was riding my bike to college while a gust of wind blew over the trees and rained dew.
The first cup of coffee in the morning .
My fiancee returning home after giving a presentation
I found out I'm going to be an aunt. My older brother and his wife are having a baby!
I went for a long walk up a mountain in a beautiful forested neighborhood near my home.
yesterday my boss thanked me for all my hard work and told me she really appreciated me. It made me happy to know she recognizes my work.
My best friend visited me in Boston and we all went out to a Celtics game at TD Garden. It was great seeing him since he just recently moved back from South Korea. He got to meet my boyfriend and new pup for the first time. There was lots of laughs
I, went to the doctor and got good, test results.
My middle son (who is 5) was "skating" around on our laminate flooring and dancing and practicing his ninja spins and kicks this morning.  He was happy and really wanted me to watch him.  It brings me joy to see my kids happy and for them to want to share their happiness by performing for me.
Michael Flynn has requested immunity in return for testifying about ties to Russia
I was able to convince my son to eat his potatoes at dinner!!
I have a son in name of vijay. He studying 10th std. Recently in his school they were conducted a annual day function. My son participated and win a first prize. That's happiest moment in my life.
I made a healthy dinner.
My son did a performance for his school and did well.
happiness is the best part of my life, in fact, being happy is all we need. if you are feling happy. you'll love to let your friends and family know about. it is a wonderful feeling too, especially when you;ll realize that they are glad to see happiness and smile on your face. Maybe that's all they are looking for.
I was happy when I got off of work.
I finished the first week of Spring classes.
I got the day off yesterday.  I was able to relax and recuperate from a 5 week build.
when me and my girl made up after having a big fight.
Today was free breakfast at work, which was quite tasty!
I worked in a lab by arriving early and I was able to progress by really fast with getting the correct answers so I could leave early.
I sold 4 items of clothing from my online sites
I was able to go to the gym for the first time in a while yesterday, which always makes me feel happy.
My best friend got a new job as a Program Manager for a more established food bank. She demanded more from the current company that she works for, and they could not match what she had asked for. She stood up for herself requesting more growth, more respect, and more help and they were not able to do that for her. She decided to move onto something that is better suited for herself. 
When I met up with two of my friends at a brewery after work.
I played very well in pickup basketball.
Today was fifth day of my internship.Adegt is challenging for me,as a student who has no job experience. Today,I felt that it is really stresful, but everyday little by little I move outside of my comfort zone, learn lots of new things. So, it made me happy
I Calm because today is my birthday. Thank you mom
I found some cute clothes on clearance with excellent prices.
When one of my coworkers made a joke about our work process, and everyone around laughed. It was truly funny and we all enjoyed laughing together.
My family visited, while I was asleep they purchased and set up a sand box for my son. When I woke and went outside he was playing and having fun, when he noticed me he through down his play shovel and ran to me. 
I finished my application the College of Education Scholarship.
I went out to dinner with my wife and daughter.
I went out to lunch with co-workers yesterday and had a pleasant, yet lively conversation.
This is the happiest moment of my life. Being born here, i could never imagine this university actually existing.
I walked to the local bakery and got some doughnuts.
Being able to leave work after a long day.
Yesterday my husband was off work due to rain, and he took us to lunch.
Being under on my caloric goal for the day made me happy
Named Employee of the Month at my job. It felt nice to be appreciated, which doesn't happen often.
I joined up with my, who I hadn't seen in several months, and had lunch with her.
Last night was board game night at our house, I won both games we played.
My dog didn't pee in her crate all night.
I was very pleased with how my son performed at baseball practice.
i go to temple and i say poor man and he  is very hungary and i give the food .he is very happy i enjoy the moment. 
i go to temple and i say poor man and he  is very hungary and i give the food .he is very happy i enjoy the moment.
i finished a dollar hit
I finished work early
My sister found out she was pregnant, I'm finally going to be an uncle!
I was playing poker with my friends and won some money.
I went and got lunch with my stepdad. 
I got to ride my bicycle today for the first time in a while.
I woke up feeling very rested.
I ate some pizza slices from my favorite place on the way home from work.
I was happy when I finished washing all of the dishes and was able to relax.
My girlfriend told me that she got the job she applied for
I spoke to a few of my friends about a trip that we have upcoming this weekend, and our plans.
I got paid at work.
The storm finally stopped and the sun came out.
I finally caught up with a show I've been obsessing over.
My dog actually came when I called.
I got to relax and eat at my favorite take out Chinese restaurant at lunch.
I got an free mobile recharge voucher via email.
I Skyped with a friend who lives in another state who I don't get to see much anymore.
I got to babysit my 2 Nieces yesterday, they always make me happy and they are 3 and ten months old and the baby was happy all day which made me happy because it was an easy day.
I found fruits at the grocery store for a very cheap price.
A meeting went very well at work, whereas I didn't think it was going to before.
I was able to get a table outside at my favorite restaurant without having to wait as long as I thought I would.
Played with my daughters kitten as we chased each other around the house and played just about everyone of her toys. 
I was talking to my mom on the phone for an hour at 8:00pm last night.
Work felt like it passed quickly
Snuggling with my daughter this morning.
I played video games and forgot about bills. Of course it all came back but it was nice for the minute
I received a $5 bonus on Mturk for submitting the best writing assignment.
I watched a funny youtube video 
I swept up my apartment and made it look clean.
I gave sugar cookies to a couple of people at work. 
I finished my taxes and am getting a refund.
My check engine light on my car actually went off!
I was learning guitar and have my guitar lessons daily.Today I played a full music of a song without any note mistakes infront of my family.I felt really proud and happy that they appreciated me.
I won $50 on a scratch off lottery ticket.
I TOOK MY DAUGHTER AND GRANDDAUGHTER TO SEE THE NEW DISNEY MOVIE BEAUTY AND THE BEAST AND WE WENT TO DINNER AFTER THE MOVIE.
My co-workers and I were able to finish a work project.
I ate a very tasty lunch at an inexpensive restaurant.
I was able to go to Seattle and back without any traffic - very rare these days!
I made some tea by the fire.
I went out with some friends yesterday after work for dinner and we all had a great time with laughs, jokes, and good food.
Hearing my daughter tell me she had the best time with me.
My stocks are making me quite some money today 
I went and got a new beer from a micro-brewery that I wanted to try.
Tonight, I got my wife her favorite dinner - sushi.  She was so happy when she got home from work.
I was selected to take training at work.
My friend networked my 3 computers for me, which I had no clue how to do.
Hitting my daily quota.
I listened to a great podcast on the solar system.
I was so happy that the paper boy actually climbed my stairs and put my newspaper right outside my door.  I am usually annoyed because I have to walk down the stairs and look for it.
I visited with my friends.
I went to the craft store and was able to find all the supplies I needed for my next sewing project.
Two days back my hubby got a promotion, so he gave me a treat to our family and friends we all met after long time. we enjoyed lot.
Patch 7.2 coming out for World of Warcraft. It actually came out Tuesday but I finally got to play it today. 
An old friend sent me a snapchat and we caught up a bit.
It was snowing when I woke up today. The landscape is a beautiful blanket of white and calm. 
I went to the club with my friends and had a great time together and felt happy.
I finished the actual test in question 1.
A friend of mine from work just had a new baby girl and i was so excited for her.
I hired a new employee to work for me
I found a pack of my new favorite beer at the grocery
I made some money.
The weather has gotten better and I was able to spend some time outside in the sun.
Going to a book signing
My baby almost rolled over
My mom called me and told me that she liked the birthday gifts I sent her last week.
The medicine I am taking finally seems to be helping me get better from my sinus infection.
My daughter called to say she did really well on an exam.
I was happy to hear that my wifes insurance will cover a large portion of an upcoming procedure. 
I was able to get my hair cut, colored and straightened after work.
I ate an amazing burger from a local restaurant 
I was happy to take a shower last night before bed. I had not taken a shower for two days so it felt so good to scrub off the dirt with my wash cloth and body wash, and to shampoo my hair.
Successfully unlocking my phone with a password.  Seriously.  I apparently slept with my phone in my hand I attempted to log-in and failed 14 times out of 15.  Apparently, after the fifteenth time, my Samsung Galaxy S6 will do a factory reset.  That was scary.
Had a really nice homemade sandwich that I made myself. Pretty damn tasty.
I went out for Mexican and used my discount card to save 10 bucks. 
I was happy when my sister in law called and said she had made dinner for us.
I was finally able to exercise for over an hour on the elliptical machine.
I did quite well mturking today and i am very happy with m y tidy sum.
On Facebook this evening, two of my friends revealed that they had found some fabric online in a pattern resembling my cat's face and decided to make a quilt as a gift.
My family enjoyed the dinner I made
Listening to a new podcast.
I didn't have to go into work today.
Getting a lot of positive validation on facebook when I uploaded the photo of me at my research conference. 
I went shopping and was able to find the exact ingredients I was looking for to cook my favorite meal.
I stopped and bought a donut from my favorite donut shop before I went to work. It is rare that I have enough time before work to stop and get one. It is always a good way for me to start my day. 
Just this morning I woke knowing that my auction I had up on Ebay sold today! It was a pretty good value and made me happy knowing that it sold.
I bought a peach tree to replace one that died in my backyard.
I beat the level on a video game. 
I saw and old friend downtown. 
I made low fat banana bread.
A chocolate bar discovered in the kitchen.
i caught up on my favorite show
My sick cat was eating and purring, and looking healthier than he has been in the past few days.
There were some cookies leftover from yesterday that my boss brought to work.
I got gas just as the price was jumping up about 40 cents, so timing was on my side for sure.
While doing laundry today, I found money in my pants pocket that I had forgotten about.
In the past 24 hours, it made me happy to find a really well-paying HIT here on Mechanical Turk and make a good amount of extra money for myself.
My house owner informed me to be here this year too without rental increase, as you are a good tenant.       
My son and I went out to lunch
I ate a gluten-free cookie. 
i got to take my beautiful niece and nephew to the park, i haven't seen them in awhile.
I was volunteering at the library and the librarian was very happy and surprised with how hard I was working.
Taking a long afternoon nap with my cat.
I got an Easter card in the mail from my aunt.
my boyfriend brought me flowers few hours ago 
I watched a motivational video
I was given the opportunity to speak in front of co-workers who were seeking career advice.
I talked with my sister on the phone for an hour today about her babies.
I got up this morning alive and I was thankful.
I was able to get my vacation time approved at work so we could go to Cancun this summer.
I made a dinner that came out particularly good.
I watched a youtube video about a man that carried a women to the finish line.
I had my favorite sandwich at lunch today
Finished all my work on time at my job.
i found my favorite concert t-shirt under my bed after looking forever for it
played volleyball tournament qualifier match and we won
Reading outside on a sunny day with the sound of my wind chimes in the background.
My cat came and hugged me as I slept.
My toddler being so proud of herself for using the potty made me happy. 
go to hotel,cinema and enjoyed with my family
My boyfriend made a big breakfast as a surprise!
I just played my best game ever in bowling! 151 points! 
It made me happy when I went to the park and walked around with my friend.
We had our first youth service as youth pastors. 
My brother told me he got into med school!
I got an A on my math test.
I finished a piece of art I was working on. It looked pretty good and I was satisfied with it.
Drinking coffee 
My 7 month old daughter sat up by herself from laying on her back.
I was able to complete a couple of work projects, which made me very relaxed and happy.
I met my best friends girlfriend for the first time, she was very nice.
My daughter called me 
Hanging out with family and spending half the day with them made me happy.
My dogs gave me big puppy kisses and licks when I got home.
I cleaned the cat box and made my room smell better.
When I went to dinner with my best friend.
I mailed in my final payment for for my car and now I don't owe anything on it.
finished 2 jewelry pieces
I saw an old friend
I surpassed my daily earnings goal on mTurk!
My dog and I went for a walk in the sunshine.
I invented a new recipe for healthy cookies
Another event that made me happy was my daughter coloring me a picture. 
I had an intimate conversation with a new friend for several hours.
I received and email confirming my trip to DC this Saturday
Since we had team meeting we had ordered chinese takeaway for lunch. Loved the food we ordered
I went to happy hour after work.
Played guitar, learning a song on it
I went to the dentist today, and was pleased with the fact that I do not have any cavities.
I got complimented at work.
I enjoyed watch movies with my wife during de nights
My girlfriend told me how much she loved me.
Cooking dinner for my wife.
When I was browsing reddit I saw that steam and Crunchyroll entered an agreement of some sort and anime will now be sold on steam.
I drank iced coffee while my baby napped.
I was able to use a new process to more efficiently complete a task at work
I received a postcard from and old friend who was vacationing in Italy.
I felt happy when I drank wine with dinner. I love wine and the relief it provides my mind. It helps me wind down and is a reprieve from my stressful days. 
I decided to listen to a bunch of new artists and liked some of them.
I found time in my schedule to workout. 
It made me very happy to get the best score on the college test this morning.
My daughter is feeling better, she was sick and missed school yesterday.
A lady in front of me paid for my order at Starbucks in the drive-thru. 
yesterday i met my college mate accidentally, few minutes to identify felt very happy taking to him about our college days.
I made roasted asparagus for dinner and it turned out exceptionally well.
I decided to take a trip this weekend.
My friend told me a funny joke that also reminded me of a funny event in my past.
I wrote a life insurance policy with a large premium that will turn out to be a good commission
I got to have dinner with my wife. It was sushi too. That was super awesome
I found out a band I like will have a concert near me.
I had a great lunch with a good friend today.
We went to lunch and my coworker picked up the bill.
My husband and kids were all home at the same time and we were able to have a nice, sit down dinner together.
Achieved a new fitness goal of mine.
I ate pizza for lunch.
My husband bought me a coffee and delivered it to my office this morning.  
I had a great workout yesterday! It took longer than normal, but I felt great afterward.
I opened the front door only to see my grand-daughter running up the walk to see me and hug me.
I was happy when the dinner I made tonight worked out and my wife liked it.
I found one reagent I searched for a few days online, which would be very important to my working.
One event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was when I was taking an elevator to the fourth floor, the doors opened at the second floor, and a man inside waved really happily to his friends outside the elevator.
I came home and my dog was waiting for me.
There was a funny scene in a movie that I was seeing for the first time. 
My son was even more excited about the book I ordered for him from Amazon when he saw it than I expected him to be.
I went and got my tattoo touched up and added some plants to it, and it looks really great and I enjoyed talking to my tattoo artist.
I talked to my advisor Finally .She finally gave me the guidelines I needed to succeed !
Today I had to run into town (a thirty minute drive) to pick up several boxes of meat that were arriving at a set time from another town. I have been dreading this trip for days because I knew I would need to drive my pickup (very nice) rather than my car (beat up piece of junk) and about 1000 feet of our road (all downhill) was still covered with thick ice; very slippery due to the warming temperatures. I would be less concerned about sliding into a tree in my car than my pretty little pickup. Early this morning it began snowing and by the time I needed to leave for town there was two fresh inches of snow on the ground which makes for great traction.
my buddy called and jokingly complained about somebody at work that we both hate.
Today is my first wedding Anniversary.
The last night I said with her " I love you ". And she said " Yes". That moment I can't forget
I had a nice long walk with my dog this afternoon. 
I got a surprise gift (phone) and a party from my wife. That was so awesome and great feeling.
Random person said hello to me, and asked how my day was. They genuinely wanted to know.
I was happy wen I finished all my work on time
We will went for a Tour with my Family
I completed reading a Leo Tolstoy novel of 803 pages.
I got the man of the match. And MD awared a new bike .
Eating chocolate covered almonds made me smile.
I achieved my goal of completing a project.
I saw a really cute beagle at the mall prior to watching the movie and was able to play with it for a few minutes.
Watching Rogue One for the 4th time, such a great movie.
I bought some sweet strawberries today.  The strawberries were large and so tasteful.  
My twin boys got very happy to see me when I picked them up after school.
When I made and ate a dinner of grilled cheese and soup.
A couple complimented my dog.
I ran into my good friend at the store.
My cat brought me her favorite toy and let me touch it. She never lets anyone touch it. 
We had a major exam last week and the results are given yesterday. I've got the highest score in our exam.
My supervisor showed me how to change a file type that is linked to a process, which will cut my work time in half.
I calmed my newborn down by giving her a tummy massage.
I got the chance to catch up with an old friend that I found out moved back home! We spoke on the phone for an hour!
My cats were being nice to each other and actually fell asleep together. which is nice as they tend to argue a lot.
I had friend with my friend Rana. She cheered me up she was supportive.
I went to work and all my favorite co workers were there today.
After my internship, my boyfriend asked if he could take me out to celebrate. This made me happy because not only was I feeling good after starting my first day (and being assigned to some pretty impactful projects) but I was also reminded of how much he cares and how proud he is of me. 
I made an amazing salad for dinner that was very good. 
I went to a restaurant I have been wanting to try for a long time now and it was delicious.
I was able to get all my work done early and leave early.
I played videogames  and spent some time with some friends.
I had difficulties talking to my doctor's office about my insurance and I told my husband and he called everyone he needed and took care of the situation.  
I bought tickets to a Broadway show.
I went shopping and found out that I had enough money in my food budget to buy good quality food.
My uncle reached back home with my favourite chocolates
When I walked out the door this morning my daughter said I love you.  One of her first complete sentences.
I woke up early and went to breakfast with my Pastor and we had a great discussion.
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.[3] Since the turn of the millennium, the human flourishing approach, advanced particularly by Amartya Sen has attracted increasing interest in psychological, especially prominent in the work of Martin Seligman, Ed Diener and Ruut Veenhoven, and international development and medical research in the work of Paul Anand.
I decided to hike a local trail and I made it all the way to the top.
so many days I was searching grand wedding saree for marriage . yesterday 4.00 pm I got new designed saree collection . It is very beautiful grand looking saree. 
I sang songs to my wife and was satisfied with her satisfaction.
I planted two new seeds in my garden.
My daughter passed her science test today.
I was happy when our disabled 3-year old daughter walked two independent steps between the chair and the ottoman since she does not do that very often.
I had some important work to finish yesterday night and I was sitting in my bedroom with my laptop, finishing my work while my best-friend was sleeping sound. I was sleep driven and getting a bit irritated by seeing her sleeping like a baby. So I made a cup of tea drank it till half the glass and put that glass on the top of our cooler.


My manager approved my expenses.
i had dinner with my dog. 
I felt happy after helping my widow neighbor install motion activated night lights around her house.
An event that happened today that made me happy was cooking a mushroom omelette for my brother.
My son just called me to babysit my 5 grandchildren because he's taking his wife of 17 years old tomorrow night.  My son regularly dates his wife.  I love the man my son has become and the way he treats his wife.
My husband and I looked at fencing options for our new house at the store.
My husband hugged and kissed me to wake me up. 
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.

i got to talk to my fiancee, who is abroad.
I was happy when I  swung on the playground with my daughter.
We got money today. We live on a very limited income and we just get by from payday to payday. This was a big help since we have been having to travel back and forth to hospitals a lot. 
My parents trying to be super supportive even if their ideas weren't always helpful because I could see how much they cared.
I wash my own bike
I received a phone call that someone is sending me two Silkie chickens.

I won money from a scratch off ticket.
I have received my salary.
Today I had my recitation for my chemistry class, which was okay, usually it's boring. I got my work done early, however, and got to go home much sooner than usual.
I went out with friends.
I am happy that I was able to pay for my electric bill. It was really expensive this month.  
I got the results back from my midterm that I was unsure about and I ended up passing somehow
A friend of mine tagged me in a photo on Facebook from our teenage years that I never saw and it brought back wonderful and exciting memories.
It felt nice to be able to answer quite a few questions in my second class today and participate well, especially since I did not do well in the discussion for my first class.
I got to see an old childhood friend for the first time in years.
All of My relatives were come to my home, It is very happy at moment.
I became happy today when I spent time with my child at a playground and he had fun and ran around and we got to spend quality time.
I went shopping and the apples were fresh and delicious.
Got to film a community good news program this afternoon.
I earned a compliment from the director over my department.
 I really enjoyed seeing people living on the sailboats.  
i got suprise from my friend
I talked to a friend that I hadn't spoken to in a long time.
i see my loved one i meet in yesterday.she is very good human being .when ever i saw him i feel better .
When I am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
When I am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cutte smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
I got to spend time with a group of friend's in our Bible study. 
I was completely happy when I watched Oklahoma City Thunder win against the Orlando Magic last night!!
My friend told me she is also planning on moving at the end of June into a smaller place and offered me most of her furniture.
My friend came over and we both had a great time playing a game.
I drank some beer which i haven't done in a few weeks.
I laid down with my puppies after a long day, they showered me with kisses.
Playing with our pig Boomer made me happy. He is really funny and makes a sound that sounds like a laugh. Also he was very sweet and wanted to be petted. 
yesterday my one of the best friend birthday i wish him and happy
I went to have dinner with the most important people in my life. 
My husband played valley ball that  time I expected more score but he didn't score
I found a provider for a product that I've been trying to find for a long time
2 hours before i saw my close friend is a happiest moment.
I went on a really good run.
My favorite aunt came to visit. 
I accomplished a lot at work today.
I had the full experience of  rain after a long gap
I watched an episode of Fringe I had not seen before earlier this afternoon.
I met my new college advisor and he seems nice.
I have a youtube channel where I make tutorials, and I woke up to a 40 percent increase in views today.
I got a call about bonus work hours tomorrow, which helps my income.
I won a dollar on an app. 
I dropped my glove on the subway and some lady told me so i wouldn't lose it. 
I connected with my students at school in a meaningful way today, and we shared a moment where everyone realized how impactful our time together was.  
My cat got bit by something that made his neck swell up pretty bad a few day ago. Since then all the hair has fallen off and you can see the scab on the hole. It made me so happy when my Chihuahua went over this afternoon and carefully smelled and licked it and then laid down right next to my cat. It was so loving that even thinking about it now i am still smiling.
When i am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say have a nice day and take care
When one of our old teachers (one of the best ones i ever had) leaved a little note in our classroom saying "i miss you, i learned a lot from you"
I got the massage pack free for 2 week near my place.
Yesterday i bought new Hercules cycle.The HERCULES bicycle price 3,500.00.We ride some places in my home down.Then my sister son also ride the bicycler he like so much the bicycle.We cut the cake in front of our cycle.My family peoples also enjoy&happy the new Hercules cycle.We gave workshop in alteration work after complete the work.We will enjoy and ride my cycle.
While I am lying ready to get my office,my parents send off with cute smile and say."Have a nice day and take care".
Semi-lucky occurrence in one of my favorite video games with randomized loot. Got a weapon that wasn't an improvement on my current one, but it looked cooler. Nice change of pace after having the same weapon for over a year. Made me slightly happy.
I WENT TO PARK AND GOT FRESH AIR. LONG BACK AGO I FEEL IT
I finally completed the process of divesting from a big bank with unethical investing practices.
I was happy when the thunderstorm calmed down. I was get nervous when I'm myself and the weather is bad. 
My coworker shared a customer service victory at our team meeting to praise me to our boss.
Last night I had my favorite fast food chain for dinner.
When I am going ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say . Have a nice day and Take care.
2 hours before i saw my close friend is a happiest moment.
Found out it was going to snow this weekend.  I love snow because i grew up down south.
I had an ice cream snack after I ate my dinner.
The day with my pet
My son told me about his day at daycare on the way home tonight. He is funny and cute.
I took a walk outside in the sun with my dog.
I made homemade tomato sauce.
I got to talk to my crush at the local corner store.
YESTERDAY I HAD NEW I PHONE...I FEEL VERY HAPPY FOR THAT...
I went out to dinner with my mom and my husband.
Someone asked me for advice on a topic, and it made me confident.
I was happy when I found out my car was not as damaged as I thought.
I watched survivor and it was crazy and entertaining.
A customer came in to pickup their order and was so happy with the service and the quality of their order that they ordered several more signs.
I was able to go swimming and I had a good work out.
I am happy to report that I received my tax refund in my back account this morning. 
I ran four miles at the gym after work.
Evening I went to  a birthday party and eat delicious food.
I ran four miles this morning with a good time.
AM GOING TO CINEMA IN PAST 24 HOURS VERY EXCITING BECAUSE CELEBRATE MY BIRTHDAY PARTY'S CELEBRATION IN MY FRIENDS.
An event that made me happy was watching my favorite TV show. 
My aunt bought me a huge packet of my favorite instant coffee. 
I saw an animated picture on Reddit of a small fuzzy animal in somebody's shirt pocket, maybe a marsupial, with gigantic eyes, it was really cute!
I saw a beautiful girl with a nice body walking around the park. I felt happy.
I WENT FILM WITH FAMILY,I FEEL BEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE.
An airline offered me significant compensation for a previous customer-service problem.
I PASSED A TEST AND EARNED A CERTIFICATE FOR MY JOB.
I was able to go to the store by myself and just relax and enjoy a coffee, which is a huge thing since I'm a mom to 2 kids. 
My boss wrote me a really nice card too appreciate me. It was personalized and talked about certain characteristics I had that she recognized and appreciated. It was nice to hear that she thinks good things about me.
Having no homework has made me happy.
I visited a shopping event 
I bought new mats for my doors to the house.
HAPPY MOMENT IN THE PAST 24 HOURS AM TRAVELLING TRAIN WITH MY FRIENDS.
I spoke on the phone with a friend that I hadn't spoken to in a long time. 
YESTERDAY ME AND MY FRIENDS WENT TO SHOPPING.WE BOUGHT A GIFT FOR OUR FRIEND BIRTHDAY.SUCH A UNFORGETTABLE HAPPY MOMENT.
someone complimented my work
dance show
gets a chance to kiss my girl for the first time and spent a long time together
When I was accepted into a class I didn't think I would make made me very happy.
I felt happy when I took my daughter to story time. 
When me and my wife drank a beer together last evening watching our favorite television show. We don't do much of that these days because of her busy schedule at work.
I made a philly cheese steak that was good
My husband and I planted herbs in our greenhouse today and prepped for some of our summer garden plants.
I got out of a meeting earlier than expected.
I found out that sirloin steaks where on sale when I went to the store.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care".
YESTERDAY I HAVE ENJOY THIS DAY, BECAUSE I WAS MEET MY OLD FRIENDS.
I finally got to do some much needed food shopping.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off cute smile and say " Have a nice day and Take care."
When I am getting ready to go my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say '' Have a nice day and Take care.''
I talked to a friend for about 40 minutes
I ate a bowl of donut captain crunch and it was delicious and silly. 
I managed to finish all of my laundry.
Completed packing a packages that I have been postponed for a week.
My brother washed the pots and pans for me.
When I am getting read to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say have a nice day.
Picked up the free shirt I won on an online competition.
When I am getting ready to go my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
I went for a long drive with my friends to few place which I have never visited and I felt amazing . The weather and scenery was beautiful.
I received a free coffee from the cafe due to a customer who had forgotten their order and left 
I ate my favorite ice cream for the first time in 4.5 months
I learned how to cook beef stew in a new way and it tasted way better this time.
Me and my friend were hanging out on my couch, and he found my shark costume from halloween and put it on for no reason.
My husband and I went out for dinner and then decided to come home instead of going to a movie that neither of us was interested in.
Impromptu dance party with my family
I went out for dinner, which I do once a week.
When I am getting ready to my office.My parents send off with one cute smile and say "Have a nice day"
My husband who will not show interest in household chores, yesterday he himself got milk token and gave it to me. That incident made me happy because he never turned to household chores but yesterday he brought milk token.This incident made me happy.
I played indoor volleyball for the first time in a year after being worried about being rusty  and played just fine. 
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE FILM WITH MY WIFE. THAT FILM WAS A COMEDY FILM. THAT MOMENT I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
I was really happy that Roger Federer won his tennis match.  I hope he can continue and eventually win the tournament!  
When I am getting ready to my office.My parents send off with one cute smile and say "Have a nice day"
I and My brother went long drive yesterday thats make me very happy.
While I'm getting ready to my office i meet my school friend and share more things makes me happy
Another event that's made me happy in the past 24 hours is cleaning my current office at work in anticipation for starting my new job in a month.
having lunch with my friends kelli and josh made me happy. we cracked a lot of jokes.
I finally caught up with my TV watching.
I found out that I was going to get a promotion at work which I've been waiting for a long while on.
My boyfriend made me noodles.
I am happy this evening because my youngest son tried tacos for dinner for the first time and loved them.  
I saw my aunt at the church hall this afternoon. 
yesterday morning my son  had got job in campus interview.i felt very happy and satisfaction.
I successfully completed a task at work with a customer after numerous phone and email conversations.
it was the reunion day! seen my friends after a long gap.. we fought back into our college days.. nothing changed, we are all same crazy way. played guitar,dance ,party !!all over e there .we had a party in  club.a  chill beer with friends .. wow what a time i had on that day . kidding  each other.. it was emotional while leaving..
The book I've been wanting to read and had reserved showed up at the library this morning.
I got to spend time with my friends, which made me happy because I have been working too much.
Being able to take a nap.
Seeing the joy and wonder on the children's faces that I work with as they discover new and exciting things everyday. 
I was happy when I finished my exams for the week, thus being able to relax
When I went to the park with my girlfriend and her little brother, we had a blast and I bonded with him.
I did not have enough money to buy a bottle of water with my lunch today from the food cart I always go to, but the man who runs it gave me a water for free since I buy food from him so often.
Preparing a nice chicken dish which tasted so good unexpectedly. 
I'm very happy When i see my old girlfriend and some chat with her and she told me that she is very happy with her life partner.
I saw a really nice car on my way home, which is rare in my town.
I had a long test to do in a class today and once I completed the test I felt very accomplished as I had studied hard for it. 
I received a package I was waiting for in the mail
I drank coffee.
i had the best dinner of my life.. my favorite tandoori
I helped a coworker with a trouble.
A friend of mine was on the verge of crying. She just threw herself at me, clutched at my clothes, and sighed with some relief as I held her tightly. I was overwhelmed she found comfort in my embrace.
celebrating my father in laws birthday
I was able to take a long lunch and read in a coffee shop.
The event was when my child hugged the cat and said how much she loved him and he was so soft.
I cleaned my garage.
My mom brought home dinner for me and it was a surprise.
My wife made cinnamon toast for breakfast this morning.
I made plans to have 2 friends over for a visit on Saturday night. I haven't seen them for awhile and I am looking forward to it. 
My daughter bought me a gift while she was on her field trip.
One of my students, who usually struggles, earned a 100% on a geography quiz.
I found out I was named in my grandpas will to get a cut. 
I made Doro Wat and Kik Alchia today both turned out fantastic.
My husband gave one gift for me . 
my husband James, took me out for lunch today.
I am very happy that I have no errands to run or anything to do the next few days, due to my spring break.
I picked up my special order to continue with my home improvement project.
I finally got around to doing the house cleaning which I have been putting off for some time now. Tedious but satisfying.
I held my best friend's baby.
My dog got a clean bill of health at the vet.
I got to job shadow a company and received free things 
I got back together with my ex girlfriend.
A book I have had on hold at the library for several weeks finally became available to me. 
My kid brought home a good report card which made me feel happy.
This may seem weird, but I just got a high-c from McDonald's. It made me grin like a Cheshire cat.
.. loved ones a Surprise Gift inthe parents my welcome party and i am very happy moment
I was able to purchase two transformers I wanted.
I bought a new piece of furniture.
I got to watch the rainbow six Pro League today, one of my favorite EU teams competed. The games were really close and intense, it was really fun to see.
We got a baby dog today.
I found a coupon I was looking for.
Finishing all of my homework before leaving school and being able to stay focused through the whole time.
I made a great meal when I got home: tomato soup and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches.
Progressing a little further through my 15th guitar song I'm now learning called "We Three Kings".
I was trying to remember a really catchy song, and I happened to stumble upon it while browsing random Youtube videos.
We bought a new car on my birthday. I was very happy with the car performance and we all went to roam around the city. The luxury and space of the car was very impressive and i am very happy with that.
I took a nap today after class and woke up feeling refreshed.
I watched tv with my husband.
I was called by a family I babysit to come sit for them tomorrow overnight, meaning I will make a lot of money. 
My favorite song, John Prine's "Souvenirs", played on random play on my iPod, and I sang along with it.
I got to eat a delicious home-cooked meal with my family.
My aunt decided that she didn't need her old car and decided to give it to me.
My co worker offered me some cake at lunch.
I played a video game I had really been wanting to have time for.
I talked to my youngest son today and he told me although his baseball team lost, he caught the whole game and only had had 3 passed balls. 
Watching a tv show with my sister and niece made me happy.
There was an empty parking space left when I got to work today, which usually never happens
I had a nice time with my kids. 
everyone make happy
I talked to a girl I really like. 
It made me happy to cuddle and watch a romantic movie with my wife tonight. We ate some candy and cuddled on the bed as we watched 50 Shades Darker together. 
my daughter called me a DAD in first time. My daughter just 9 month old, i'm very happy today because i love  my daughter i love so much. i'm very happy for this.   
Earlier today my daughter managed to find her missing dress shoe that has been missing for weeks, so now I don't have to buy her new shoes for Easter.
I learned I can take special classes with my gym membership I didn't think I could take.
Last night I attended an art show with my childrens art on display at the city hall. 
I completed my work for the day and started a  spring break.
I started packing since I'm moving out of town in a few days.
Yesterday evening I sang songs of worship at church.
My team win the football match today.
My brother found out that his wife was pregnant with twins!
Going to Sonic Drive In to pick up a double bacon cheeseburger, tots, and two chocolate shakes one for me and the other for my son. 
I had got a promotion in work as a manger yesterday because of the success we have received in last two projects. 
When two of my coworkers (they're actually my friends, I don't know why I'm referring to them as coworkers. But we work in the same research group) and I got together around 4 PM just to chat, without caring about anything. Our boss had left already, so we slowed down a bit just to gossip or discuss life.
When my house ready to live with my family
Being able to pay my rent early made me happy in the last twenty four hours.
I had more money in my bank account than I thought I did.
The First Fridays monthly events originated in 1987 as an outlet for African American professionals to mix, mingle and network.[22][23] During the 1980s it was common for an individual to be the only black professional working in their company. First Fridays happy hours become a way for these professionals to meet in a social atmosphere while exchanging useful information. The concept spread rapidly and First Fridays chapters now operate in 39 cities across North America and seven countries worldwide, including Austin, Binghamton, Birmingham, Boston, Charlotte, Charleston, Chicago, Cincinnati, Cleveland, Detroit, Fort Myers, Fort Lauderdale, Hattiesburg, Hartford, Hong Kong, Houston, Indianapolis, Jackson, Kansas City, Kingston, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, London, Louisville, Memphis, Miami, Nashville, Nassau, New Orleans, New York, Newark, Oakland, Orlando, Philadelphia, Phoenix, Pittsburgh, Raleigh, Richmond, Rio de Janeiro, Sacramento, San Antonio, San Diego, San Francisco, St. Louis, Normandy, Scranton, South Bend, Syracuse, Tallahassee, Tokyo, Toronto, and Washington, D.C.
My boyfriend said really cute things on the phone earlier and it made me feel good.
I found a perfect recipe for a loved one's birthday cake. I can finish the cake and its' icing within 3 hours.
 
Took my puppy to the dog park for the first time and she behaved very well.
My 7 year old son wanted to sleep in my bed last night because he had a 'sad' day at school with a friend and he wanted to be close to mommy last night (but for sure don't tell his friends because it's not cool for 7 year olds to sleep with their moms). 
My husband called to just tell me he loved me.
I bought narcotics, and used them, and they always make me happy if it is the right kind.
we have decided to build an home which is our happiest moment.
losing weight
I took a long relaxing hot shower after having run a bunch of errands all morning.
I was introduced to the show 'True Detective' and watched several episodes.
In the past 24 hours I made a dish that was out of this world and it made me happy because I got it right 
My dog came to greet me when I came home and had non-stop energy which was all transferred to me
I was able to pick up my daughter from school. 
We have got our loan sanctioned which we have applied
Today my boss arrange a 6th ceremony of our office, its a small and happy moment for me.
I ate a really delicious bagel with cream cheese.
took final output of our game project to publish the android environment. its also very good enjoyment because its our 3 years hard work output.
I walked over 2 miles yesterday.
At work, I solved a technical problem that had been baffling me for about a week.
got a bike as a birthday gift from my dad.
Having sex with my girlfriend 
I learned that a friend was able to buy a great house in Ireland.
I accomplished many goals for the day cleaning-wise including some tasks that I have not gotten around to for a long time.
I passed my certification test on Cybrary.  
The boss at work is away so there's less pressure.
I drove to the city for my son's doctor appointment and I felt energized by doing the drive and seeing the city because I spend much of my time at home.
This afternoon, I received a funny text message from my friend that made me laugh a lot.
last night i do sex with my lover
I had dinner at my favorite restaurant.
One event that made me happy was finding some links to some websites that I wanted to look up for a while.
I made a fantastic delicious dinner of baked salmon and salad, it was healthy and wonderful.
Yesterday I helped one man on the street, and the fact that I could help him made me happy, because it's very nice to help people.
I went to shopping to buy nice gift for my uncle.this was the first time i'm buying something for him on my own.
Having a nice/pleasant family dinner at a restaurant and my children ate and were well behaved.
I woke up to my dog lying at the foot of my bed. She got very excited and started wagging her tail and got up to greet me.
The rain in the city on my commute to school was very nice and refreshing.
A friend of mine was married over the weekend and he was showing me his wedding pictures.  He seemed really happy and I was happy for him.
I see a old movies and it will give old memories.
Hanging out with my friends makes me happy.We are in hostel everyday we go out for dinner after completing our work.Its a nice time for me and felt really happy to be with them.Sharing my feelings and my hardships makes me through away all my depressions.
I had three of my friends come over for a visit.
I did very well in mechwarrior online.
A customer left a good review for me.
a festival is going on near my house temple and i am very happy visiting there and enjoying with friends
Disucssing common home problems with coworkers
I had a nice, relaxing chat with my mom today
DOCTORS REPORT FOR DIABETES CLARIFIED THAT IM NOT AFFECTED
Someone brought me dinner.
I and my friends went to my favourite amusement park at the end of the street. We went to all the amazing rides and had a great time there.
I'm on a diet and after weeks of plateauing the numbers on the scale finally moved! I lost two pounds! This keeps me motivated to keep doing well with diet and exercise.
Looking at my Fantasy baseball team and realizing I have a great team.  I drafted well and can't wait for the season to start.  Thought's today of winning my league has made me very happy.
I have started to receive a good income from a job i was already doing.
I repaired my old bike today which was laying in the garage from last few months. It was fully covered with dust and I was very busy so I was ignoring it from last few months. But today morning I decided to give it a try and cleaned it and repaired it and it came to life. After that I had a ride on it which felt amazing. I am very happy that my bike returned to life. Feeling happy.
I watched the successful SpaceX launch with the used rocket this past evening.
My mom and I got take-out from a restaurant we like so we could have dinner together.
My daughter rolled over the first time! 
My maid helped me in my cooking to finish up faster
Thinking about the slice of pizza I'm going to have later on during the night while working overnight.
I watch a funny video which is shared by my friend.
I found some sunglasses that I liked in the clearance section of a store.
i am a supervisor of my organization.i got promotion from my organization .i have good qualification and i am a hard worker.so i got promotion from my higher officers.i feel very happy to my self.my coworkers are encourage to self.
I went to House of Prime Rib for my brother's birthday.
The breeze when I took a walk today.
My dinner tasted fantastic.
My dad told me he loved me today, he rarely ever does that.
I was happy when I bought my favorite drink at the store.
I watched one of my favorite episodes of the X files. 
my son called and said he was doing good in the navy
My significant other did the grocery shopping for me. 
In my friend's house he has two children. Younger one is 6 months old. My wife is talked with him and played with him. But he came to me, and showed his hands to take him. I liked so I take him. after that I understand that he came for me, to take my mobile phone. I am so much surprised to see that. and also got happy.
My cats cuddled together for the first time ever. 
I go to my favorite restaurant without reservation, and luckily they have a table for us within 5 minutes.
Got a call from my mother after a few days which made me so happy.
I finally got paid some money so that we could get some real food to eat around here.
I was playing my Nintendo video games.
My kids drew a picture for me.
I got payment from a client
All of the chairs in my office had been replaced with comfortable chairs. 
I met a guy at the bar who thought I was very beautiful and cool. We are going on a date tomorrow.
I took my dog for a walk.
Today is my brothers birthday and I called him in the morning. He said he was so happy that I remembered his birthday.
The icing on the cake is that that boy belongs to a relatively poor and uneducated family living on my street. The very fact that he was trying to communicate with me with the little English that he had learned in school made my day.
I received my never before tried skin care products in the mail.
I got to sleep in today until almost 10:00 am.
I went to the cinema with my friends.
Today when I got home I cuddle with my dog for about an hour while watching my television show. My dog Ranger gives me unconditional love and it brings me joy and happiness everyday.
Getting a new Job.
I got to see my brother this afternoon.
Yesterday I got a work of event management n I had to arrange n plan the engagement of my client .it was a big function n I'm looking forward for good event 
having my deadline moved to two weeks away
I was paid today.
we are plan to go a new movie
I had fruit - a banana and mandarines.
I rode my motorcycle in to work this morning and there was hardly any traffic. 
Today at work I finally caught up on all the work I missed last week due to training.
I had some delicious ice cream.
got a result favour for me and so happy
I used a yoga exercise to help my son to sleep.
My kid passed in first class in a hindi language exam.
I've got some new international friends as well through Internet
MY BEST FRIEND SURPRISED ME FOR MY BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION ON YESTERDAY , SHE INVITES ALL MY FRIENDS TO THE PARTY I HAD A BEST TIME WITH MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS.
I was happy today when my cat, Lilly, crawled up onto my chest while I was lying on my bed watching TV so that she could snuggle with me. 
I spent almost a month with great anxiety regarding my result publication. I started speculating so many things and many of them were negative. I could hardly keep away the tensions about my upcoming result. The result was so important that my college admission would mostly depend on it. I could not sleep well in the night before the result publishing. I think this is a common anxiety for students and I was familiar with this type of anxiety. However, this particular exam results game me more nightmares than any other time of my life.
I won in the state level dance competition which was held at bangalore this morning.
i played video games yesterday
Making a good grade on a pop quiz.
I went to watch the heat game with my friends. 
I worked all day and made good tips.
my landlord replaced the lights in the dark corridor leading to my apartment
I was able to claim a credit on my tax return without needing to write the FEIN of the institution I had paid to.
I went to a gas station to get gas and the lady in front of me in line at the register paid for my purchases to do a random act of kindness, so I passed it on to the person behind me as well.
I baked using a new biscuit recipe for my girlfriend. 
I won $500 dollars on a scratch off lottery ticket that I spent 5 dollars on.
Eat a big piece of chocolate cake.
Winning a close game of League of Legends.
I had eaten a lot of meals and it really made me happy to eat a lot. It keeps me working properly.

i had given some amount of money to the charity yesterday.
My sister and her family came in to town for a visit.
My kids are back from school and they tell stories of their day, some of them are good some bad, but still I like the way they are excited to tell me everything.
i was able to finish of my work and left for home before my usual time.
I  WENT DO TEMPLE
I went to dance class.
yesterday night i took a dinner with my friends very nice moment
My grandma buyed one mobile phone for me that I thought to buy and that too makes me extra happy yesterday.
I hit a new  PR in the gym
Dream turning into reality make you the most happiest person in the world, was able to achieve my goal.
My orchids are blooming after lovingly cultivating them for a long time.
I was appointed as a judge in a dance competition. I am feeling very proud about that.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I went to computer class.
I WEND TO MOVIE
I went to nearby medical shop. I purchased medicine of Rs. 500. He gave more money then the rupees i gave. i returned to him. he surprised and appreciated me. thanks
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I woke up and made it to time to work today, even though it was hard.
Arriving home after working and seeing my dog so excited to see me.
I went to temple.
I WENT TO BROWSING CENTER
I got a call from my Mom saying that my uncle was out of the hospital.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
i repair my tape recorder today
I won in the national level badminton tournament that was held at delhi.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.
I WENT TO YOGA
my husband took me to dress purchase
After the meeting I went to a doughnut place. 
The Air Force Thunderbird's arrived in to town to practice for the upcoming air show, was amazing to see those aircraft's soar across the sky and perform stunts that I could never dream of doing.
Today after lunch an old friend invited me to a party this weekend. It made me happy because my friend was thinking of me.
I kissed my wife today morning.
I loved a person .When my parents compelled me to marry another person I decided to share my feelings with my lover.Unfortunately his reply was against me .I tried to understand him  and his situation.Every day I used to pray for getting a good life  partner. At the end of this prayer another man came with a proposal.He was a teacher.Actually I couldn't accept him .Parents decided to make him my partner .I obeyed but I took few days to love him .we married and started living together .Slowly I loved him now we are good couples . We have two children living happily with my family.Now I came to understand that God's selection is the best.I am extremely happy in this life.
I had sex with my girlfriend last night and this made me happy.
i make breakfast to day
Yesterday I win some amount in online game and that moment make me feel happy.
The day my brother gifted me a mobile phone. it was yesterday my brother gifted me. I still feel happy about it.
This is regarding an annual retreat held at our parish church which was spiritually enhancing. 
afternoon we all joined for lunch in big hotel.family members all get in together and served lunch for their children
My son said a new word.
When my daughter beautifully sang the song Mother of mine...which I used to sing to my mother as a child. 
When I arrived home from work to discover that I had been accepted into the local football team.
I ate a really great sandwich that I had made myself.
I cleaned my apartment and resolved some clutter.
I got a call letter for an interview
I BOUGHT A NICE FANTASTIC MOBILE yesterday.that is what made my day very happy. 
afternoon we all joined for lunch in big hotel.family members all get in together and served lunch for their children
I ate dinner with my parents. 
My daughter got 100% result for her all subject.
I ate my favorite dish in breakfast this morning and I was really happy about it.
My cat played with the new toy I bought him, which means I didn't waste my money on it.
yesterday as it was a special festival day there were so many special programs and movies in TV.Out of those there was a comedy show which was very nice and i can't stop laughing till the end of that show. I was very happy while watching that show.
We went to celebrate a great victory between the whole group and it was amazing!
My family got a new puppy.
I got my room cleaned.
I worked out at the gym.
My best friend called and told me that he thinks he got the jobe he interviewed for.
My daughter learnt a new word.It was exciting to hear her utter the word.
I discovered another brand of organic chocolate bar and it costs less than two dollars!
I heard from a friend I haven't seen in many months.
on the way to attend the marriage we have to travel through a small village. the place was awesome.people seemed to be innocent.the nature was beautiful.the tress all the way beautiful birds and the sound of the birds.the river flowing all the way to the side of the road.i felt really very happy.
I got a salary hike
i made a huge, cash tip on one of my deliveries today!
I went on a long walk with a beautiful sunset. 
I watched a blu ray concert of my favorite pop group, Tohoshinki.
My boyfriend came home from work after I hadn't seen him all day. I love the moment he walks through that door and we are back together again. 
yesterday my nephew had brought a new motor bike and i was very happy because i can go ride along with him because i am not having any moped.
Watching gun reviews by Colion Noir made me happy as his reviews are very informative, yet also very entertaining and sometimes humorous.
My older daughter put a blanket on my baby daughter.
I played video games with my coworkers online.
learned to cook chicken and it was tasty too
i was happy that i was able to have good exercise at the gym.
Straight after getting the bike, I went to church for the blessings. While coming down, I saw beggars (I would like to call angels). It was a family and kid want to touch my bike and her father and mother was restricting. But I went nearby them and allowed the kid to touch the bike and also horn. The baby gave very happy face, that's my great blessings.
Talking to my friend, knowing that the money is going in the bank, giving others hope.
A LONG CHAT WITH MY FATHER GIVES ME INNER PEACE
I surpassed my goal at work today by 10% today.
A long pray for my wished to Allah in mosque makes my  wish fulfilled
My daughter got up early yesterday morning and cleaned up the kitchen without me asking her. That made me happy.
I just finished a book that I have been reading for a while.  I am an avid reader that reads on average 100 - 140 books a year.  I can read as many as 9 at a time (currently 4).  It's a small thing, but this book, which was 514 pages of fairly small text is finally done.  It's a military history book and was very informative and interesting.  The joy of finishing it is not that I am glad to be finally done, but rather was the joy of learning more about the topic.  it's a small joy also that I can mark that book read and go onto the next one.  Did I mention that by avid reader I'm also a tad obsessive? :)
Today morning, I received a nice top as a gift from my mother for getting a scholarship that made me sail on cloud nine !
2 of my items for sale got reserved which made me happy.
My baby boy reached his toes for the first time.
My son recovered from his illness
I made my brother's favorite dish and he was very happy to see that. This in turn made me too happy.  
I went to my favorite restaurant.
I watched several puppies playing together.
I got home to see that next door neighbour had mowed our lawn
My neighbor's son was found at last after long search . His son was missing since morning due to mental issues and now found
my photograph of that man of the match award winning moment has been published most of the local channels. so i was so happy while watching that. 
I meat my friends at Temple I am feeling better and happy
I went out to dinner with some old friends that I have not seen in awhile.  We had a great dinner and even better
conversation.
I got cash back while i paid my electricity bill and it made me happy
When I watched some old episodes of Breaking Bad.
Yesterday evening i was played cricket. My team won the match. My close friend Solomon is man of the match. I got 34 runs and 2 wickets. Solomon got 58 runs and 3 wickets. So he won the man of the match award. I'm the captain of the team. Really I'm very proud of my teammates and my close friend Solomon. They made me so happy. Today i will give them treat. Really happy. 
Target had my favorite body wash on sale.  
I stopped by Subway for lunch and used a Subway gift card to get a meatball sub.
Checking my balance on my bank account and getting paid earlier than usual. 
I had a good dinner last night which really filled me with joy. Usually my dinner will be pretty flat. But yesterday it was great!
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I taught my 4 year old niece several body functions while waiting at the doctor's office. 
Yesterday, my cute baby boy (1 year age) started to speak few new words and started to caling me & explain his feelings happily while playing with toys.
I completed a video game called "The last of us" on my video game console last night in "Grounded mode" (hardest difficulty level) and It made me happy.
I'm back home and it feels like to be back in my own place as its comfy and known to me; also my husband came to pick me up at the station.
I had a present from my colleagues
I received some flowers from  my husband
I worked outside on my lawn.
I bought a new pair of shoes
I had my favorite dinner tonight, which was a philly cheese steak with fries. I've been craving it for weeks and hadn't been able to pick up the steaks to make it.
I was able to purchase dinner for a friend of mine who wasn't able to buy their own dinner. 
I met up with my mom, whom I haven't seen in several months. 
For the second time, my hubby went for business tour to Malaysia this morning. We all are very happy & proud.
I finished a long work week.
I was able to communicate to my boss my goals and met with positive encouragement.
A business client walked in and we did business together. I had previously approached the client a couple of times and finally she walking in today. She walked away happy as did I.
I went to my elder daughter's school for her open house. I am really worried that i don't know whether she did her exam well. She is 6 year old and she is so lazy. I am surprised that when i meet her teacher. Her teacher told me that she got the best student award in her school 
I was happy when I received a new book from the library.  
Today Morning I have taken charge as the president in front of GOD Mariamman with all rich arrangements and respect. 
I watched a few funny videos on YouTube that made  me laugh really hard.
My nephew who was working with Military service and stayed 2000 Km away from home has reached home yesterday night after 2 years. We all share the experiences of family affairs and he shared his military experience and that moment was an happiest one.
My dog ran away when the door was open. My husband tried to chase and get him back. But our dog came back once he peed in his known spot.
I got a great place in my student promotion in the past 24h
My custom made dress was just delivered today from Africa. My dress took an entire month to make and I am so elated that it has finally arrived.
I made possibly the world's best orange chocolate fudge today and felt proud for the first time in a while.
MY DAUGHTER GAVE ME A SPECIAL CARD THAT SHE MADE WITH COLORS IT MADE ME HAPPY.
My neighbor said hi to me.
An old friend who was a good friend got ahold of me to come hang out a while and catch up.
I got 300 points discount credit from an online shopping site, which I used to order a gift for my son (All free of cost) 
i got a new car 
Got to sleep in.
My boyfriend said he randomly looks at me and feels really lucky to be with me. I feel the same way.
Watched a crime drama on TV, wasn't expecting to enjoy it but got drawn in and it was way better than I was expecting.
I got a new keyboard.
In class yesterday, a group of seniors started reminiscing about the fun we had in Freshman English class.
Coming home from work to see my puppy, Bronson run from the back fence in the yard all the way to the back door in a full on sprint with a large stick in his mouth. He was just as excited to see me as I was him. 
I figured out how to make a mug cake in the microwave with chocolate protein powder. Dessert, but not crappy for you! I'm kind of winning at life today.
being remember some old memories of of my best friend and the time we spend together i remember when we play together and have some fun.
Got the job in Multinational Company, inclusive of myself and my family members are feels so glad, that day we enjoyed with my friends a lot.;
I was happy that I completed my book.
While out grocery shopping I found some white chocolate macadamia nut cookies that I had been wanting for the last few months. 
Another reason I like when my family makes a party is because I get to spend time with family from other countries, in every party I always meet a new family member I had never met before. After the tradition ceremony and the daughter and father dance finally is time to eat some delicious food I been craving all day long. When I moved to United States and left my country behind; I also left a few part of the Mexican culture. Is nice to taste a food from your country at least once in a while, it feels like going back in time and being on the country you were raised on.
Finally was able to catch up with the TV show "The 100" , had been delaying it for quite a while.
I GOT MY UNIVERSITY RESULT TODAY.I AM NOT EXPECTING THE PASS MARK.BUT LUCKILY I GOT PASSED.
As I enterd the fourth round of the quiz competition hosted by Samsung online
Eating briyani in a restaurant.
I met with two friends for a business meeting and then we went out for lunch.
I got some good insight into my actions when I was at my 12-step (OA) meeting.
I lifted heavier weights than I have been doing all week.
I cooked a new dish for dinner than turned out great.
i had a very important meeting in office where i was to present the project and i completed it successfully and the board members like the ideas.
Today morning I received the SMS on my phone about my salary credit for March-2017
I went to visit my uncle.My uncle have a twin babies.There are so cute.They talk very polite.That made me so happy.all together we did a small event.
I once asked a friend who called me on his WEDDING ANNIVERSARY. I asked how does it feel to celebrate the day? But what he said still puzzles me to this day. And I hope we all know that a problem shared is halfway solved. So I have decided to share the puzzle with you.that word was very inspired to me . 
the event was i got a new a andriod phone from my parents and i was happy with it
I decided to purchase a battery pack, which I had been meaning to do for a while.
Praying to Allah at masjid
Finally , I have booked my dream house
My sister came over to visit again. I like seeing her as often as possible.
my husband presented me a red color watch today. which makes me happy today.
I got an unexpected order from an old customer.
My neighbor came over and helped me fix my chicken coup. 
When I blew a large bubble.
We finalized our choice of paint colors for the new apartment!
I purchased a full suit for a hugely discounted price. Now I have something decent for special occasions.
My husband brought my favorite cake when he came back from work.
I happened to meet an old classmate.
Got promoted to US branch office yesterday, more than happy.
I went to the park with my family.
My son who has cerebral palsy, was clearly to a medical assistant. 
Ordering over 8 lbs of animal crackers and six pounds of frosted Pop Tarts on Amazon half an hour ago, and thoughts of finally having some carbohydrates (I eat only once every 24 hours because of a lack of income, no welfare or food bank help, which I would NEVER ask for.) I've lost over 120 lbs this last year since my mother died.
I have been having a rough time with a coworker, so it made me happy when she realized that I unfriended her on Facebook yesterday. 
Temp agency called me back after a month to ask about a prospective assignment.
When I was late but the bus was still not at the bus stop.
I love lasagna and had some for dinner. 
My 6 year old daughter asked if she could sleep in my bed with me.
wore a saree after years
I made my six month old daughter giggle uncontrollably.
Helping my children design and make costumes for World Book day made me happy. 
My son and I played outside today, and the weather was perfect. We had a great time. 
Working outside in the garden while enjoying the sunshine.
Buying a few snacks at the store made me feel pretty happy.
I went for a small fun trip with my office colleagues near National Park .
My husband told me that he was approved for the next step in his apprenticeship program and will be getting a raise in two weeks. 
when i strated to play at a mmorpg game i got happy by meeting other players and play with them.
Yesterday i bought Yonex Badminton Rackets and played with my dad and i was very happy
There are a lot of moments for me; My first daughter, best moment of my life. My second daughter, best moment of my life. My third daughter, best moment of my life. Now I have three grandchildren!
I got a complement from a student I teach about how well I am teaching and it made me feel good.
My child about 1.5 years old was trying to speak "amma" and "appa". It was a big moment in my entire life...
I found one of my favorite ice cream flavors today at Baskin Robbins and I was ecstatic! I bought a big tub of it because I didn't know when they'd have it again. It was so good.
My daughter said a word for the first time (she is 16 months).
I found that I loose my weight by two Kilos. 
Another event that made me happy was going out to a restaurant for dinner with my family.
I went to a baby shower and it was fun and I felt happy both for myself and the mother to be.
today our family made get together party and invited all our relatives for party.
I won a competition and that made me happy .
My dog had been sick and she started feeling better.
I went to theater to see a new movie with my wife
I am happy and excited to attend the new parenting class my wife signed us up for. 
I got a free coffee at the coffee shop.
In my face, I feel a glow whenever I remember yesterday event I went to the International trade fair with some of my friends. That was my first International trade fair visit and this was such a happy experience that I still feel a great joy reciting the memory of this event.
My daughter did a great job on her homework last night.
I had hotcakes for breakfast this morning made my happy today.
I truly decided to move forward on of dream I have.
I talked to my daughter who is away at college on the phone.
I had a dinner party at my house last evening with friends and family.
The second thing that made me happy was that i ordered food and didnt have to cook.
My older daughter came back from her training saying she managed to get into the first team.
I organized my kid's toys which were in a clutter.
I also, did not come home to only clean rugs but also a nice home cooked steak meal with french fries and the lanudry done.
Purchased a digital camera for taking photos of my personal tours and visiting destinations.
I made dinner for my family and we were all home at the same time to eat out on the patio in the warm air.
I was able to control my feelings and anger while having a hard night with my kid.  
Traveling in a bicycle.
My kid got a SUPER sticker for doing good work in school.
I got an offer for a job that would allow me to travel within my company.
I received support from friends when i stopped drinking
I bought a new portable heater for camping/emergencies.
I won the board game that we played last night
I texted a friend that I had not seen in a long time.
I heard back from an internship that I am very interested in for this summer. They didn't give me an answer, but was encouraging and told me that I would know if I got it in the next couple of weeks.
My brother made dinner because I was working late.
I didn't have to cook because I had leftovers from yesterday
When I am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say. Have a nice day and Take care.
My husband who had been sick all day yesterday woke up feeling better this morning which made me very happy. 
The news that my boss will return to office on Monday after a weeklong official assignment made me happy.
My best friend texted me that she is coming to visit me this weekend! I am super excited for her to arrive today. 
My daughter's birthday is coming up and it's finally her turn to have her party at school, we just got the note.
I did a puzzle with my children and my oldest daughter got so excited when she could do it by herself.
My old college roommate sent me an e-mail with some good news on his medical condition
I volunteered at work to come in this morning at 5am to work on a special assignment to be around morning rush of customers.  I do not usually work directly with customers I am an office employee.   But I had a great time interacting with so many nice people. Now I am at my desk and I get to leave at 2pm since I came in early. I am happy that I get to enjoy the rest of the day with my son and wife.
watched my daughter be inducted into the NTHS at school
I was able to experience the new Zelda game for the first time. 
I closed my personal loan today. I had take a personal loan 2 years back with the tenure for four years with the highest interest rate. With the help of my sister I closed that loan today and became free. It is one of the happiest moments which I felt today.
ARRIVAL OF MY SISTER WITH HER HUSBAND AND TWO KIDS FROM BANGALORE WAS REALLY SURPRISE AND JOYFUL. AFTER LONG TIME SISTER CAME TO MY HOME HENCE FELT VERY HAPPY. PLAYING WITH SMALL KIDS, TAKING THEM TO GARDEN, GIVING THEM CHOCOLATES WAS FILLED WITH FUN. BECAUSE OF THEIR ARRIVAL PREPARED A VARIETY OF DISHES FOR LUNCH. WE ALL HAD FOOD TOGETHER AND ALL THE DISHES CAME OUT VERY WELL. IT WAS REALLY A HAPPY MOMENT WITH THE FAMILY MEMBERS. 
For my birthday my son prepared a cake for me that event is a very very surprise event for me.
i saw an old friend at the store
What made me happy is that I have off today from work.
Although I was feeling tired, I made myself take my dog out for a walk and ended up enjoying it as much as she did.
Saw my nephew first time in about two months. He gave me a big hug and made my day
My friend left work early to get me a ride home over and hour and a half away!
that day i spent more time with my friends and we conducted a party.
I played PS4 with my step son, watched as he had a blast playing WWE being The Big Show.
I'm looking forward to my trip.
I spent time at night watching TV with my wife and kids.
I enjoyed some really yummy pizza for dinner.
i felt happy last night when my child eats their dinner alone, (without my help)
I researched some photographs looking for something to paint and found a large variety of possibilities. 
I finished watching the office after watching it on netflix for 7 months yesterday, what a great ending!
I woke up this morning to birds chirping.
i have watched a movie with fun and enjoy
I ordered Chinese food last night as a treat for myself.
I got my nail painted by an expert yesterday. The new design makes me feel really happy.
During a staff meeting yesterday we were brainstorming and making plans for an upcoming event our team is putting together. Due to the conversation and lighthearted feeling we each began sharing one liner's and making each other laugh. We were laughing so much our boss stepped out of her office wanting to get in on the conversation. Was very enjoyable, felt happy.
My husband fixed dinner for the both of us yesterday evening. I got to take a break from cooking, preparing, serving dinner, It was a nice break that I enjoyed. 
My daughter called me yesterday to tell me about her day at work.
AT DINNER MY MOTHER SHOWED UP AT MY HOUSE AND STAYED OVER FOR DINNER AND THE NIGHT WITH MY FAMILY.
I came home late after a long day and evening at work, and both my cats were waiting for me at the front door as I entered the apartment.  Small things like that bring a smile, and feel welcome.
I just watched the entire match between nick Kyrgios and Alex Zverev and what a rollercoaster it was. Kyrgios finally managed to win it on his 6th match point and I was already on my feet by then.
Wrote and submitted an article for a magazine.
Taking my son to his baseball practice and enjoying the beautiful weather.
My cat was waiting at the door when I got home and was being adorable.
My best friend called me and invited me to a baseball game this week.
I watched the little girl I babysit and my 3 youngest running around before school, being active, using pretend play and giggling. 
My wife and I bought those bacon dog treats for our dogs.  They haven't had them in a while so they were super excited to get them, which made me happy.
I spent time with my parents.
I got to sit down with a person at work that I had a previous relationship with and was able to get my thoughts and reasonings for breaking things off out there. It gave me closure.
I had a better day of making money on mturk than usual
When I got home from work yesterday, my son was there to greet me with a big "Mama!" and hug.
Had some really yummy rice for dinner yesterday
I was able to enjoy watching a movie with my husband.
Last night two of my five kids and their families stopped in unexpectedly.
I was happy today when I found out that my father-in-law's cancer treatment is going better than expected. 
I ate hot dogs with mayonnaise and sauerkraut for dinner.
I got a bonus at work.
I found a few old favorite movies on Netflix to watch.
I received a bunch of birthday messages when I woke up this morning. 
I had a nice dinner out last night.
I watched a film that i had been looking forward to, with a friend, and we discussed it afterward.
I was postponing to sort out the mess on my writing table. Papers, gadgets, mobile phones were all dumped in a heap making the table scary. But I had resolved to set the table again this morning and I did it! I felt so happy.
I had a pleasant interaction with the owner of the company I work for, and I feel that I am a valuable part of their crew.
I went running at the gym!
while wearing a old jeans today i found 500$ and felt on top of the world it made my day
I went out to dinner at a local restaurant.
I made a birthday cake for my wife.
My friend discovered a new nature trail nearby and showed up at my house with a great bicycle and helmet for me. 
I completed a 3 mile walk in under an hour.
I played with my son outside and watched him have a good time.
I got a good night's sleep.
i flew a helicopter yesterday
I got up early morning and began to clean my house. I had started rearranging the things and wall hangings. This changed its look. I was really happy to see the new look of my house.
A baby give  chocolate for her birthday i bless the baby and the baby was so happy it make me happy
This event that made me feel happy was when I found money in my car. I had found a five dollar bill in the console of my car. The reason I became so happy is because I forgot I had the five dollars. I became very happy at the idea of what I could do with the five dollars.
I was chatting with friends on twitter, and it made me happy to catch up with them.
My daughter and I went for an evening jog.
This morning my 4 year old actually got dressed by herself without a fight for the first time all week, which made my day. 
payroll was finished for the week early this morning so that task is over.
A family of ducks waddled through the side yard, and my neighbor and I laughed when we caught each other watching them through the window.
I checked my credit score yesterday in an attempt to see if I can qualify for a home loan and a it turned out to be rock solid.
My daughter, who is eleven months old, took 4 steps on her own. 
When a moment in front of me appears to be particularly special, whether it be by beauty or experience, I capture it. I usually find a reason to justify taking that photo - symmetry, or color, or contrast - and it's my hope that my photography sheds light onto what I see and do on a daily basis.
Went to a movie with my family.
I was in town and my meter ran out of time.  Someone fed my meter and I didn't get a parking ticket.  I know this because a shop keeper who witnessed the event told me about it when I returned to my car a short time later. I now am going to pay it forward in some way.
My boyfriend surprising me at the airport when I got there.  I had no idea he would be waiting for me to arrive like he did! He also had a teddy bear for me.
My sister and friends came to visit us in the hospital to meet my newborn and see how i was doing.
I began applying for a New Zealand work visa.
I sat out on the porch with my coffee, enjoying the weather.
I played with my dog in the yard and she seemed to enjoy it.
I had a long talk with a good friend and we were able to figure some things out in our friendship.
My children came home from school and there were no school issues (detention, trouble, etc.) And they showed me their homework right away and after school went smoothly.
I have won the chance to drive a parasailing for free. 
I talked to my dad on the phone last night and we had an awesome conversation.
I brought a new earphone
My new TV was delivered at work.
I did a personal training session at the gym that made me feel very strong and fit!
Wife's health is good, she had a few episodes of panic attack a few months ago.
I scheduled plans to eat with my family and that makes me feel warm.
I got to go to a yoga class with my neighbor.
My brother came home yesterday from college and I haven't seen him in a few months. 
Receiving an encouraging text from a friend made me happy.
I got a phone call for a job interview next week. 
I had a very productive day at work yesterday.
I watched the gem shopping network with my mom over the phone, and we saw a beautiful green diamond.
I laughed at a funny joke my fiance told.
I was able to contact a potential vendor that I trust and might be able to work with him on a project.
My wife made my favorite dinner last night. 
I was happy when I got home and my wife had me a surprise party. 
My wife bought a donut at work and shared it with me.
I went to a new italian restaurant that recently opened.  It was surprisingly good.  The wine was great.  The food for authentic and excellent.
I had a really nice workout after going up in weight on all of my lifts
My girlfriend kissed me goodbye before leaving for work.
Again at GaiaOnline, someone mentioned that my avatar looked like a game character and it was cool to be noticed.
I bought a german shepard puppy last night
I was happy to get a good night's rest since I didn't the night before. 
Few of my friends knocked my door surprisingly, although it was after a good long time, surprise made me happier.
After several months of not eating out, I went out to my favorite fast-food place(Long John Silver's) and got a meal.  It was worth it. 
A new season of one of my favorite TV shows became available to watch on Netflix.
I made enough money on turk to order my food dehydrator
I spent an hour relaxing and reading around noon.
I'm so happy that it's Friday!!!
Driving home from work after 5:00 bell rings always makes me happy knowing that I am one day closer to the weekend.
 i was happy going to lunch with my wife yesterday.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was working out and feeling better about myself for doing so.
My sister came by for a visit and brought my favorite cake along. 
I received a call back from a job I applied for.
I finally beat the final boss in a really hard video game that I've been playing for some time last night.
We have come to the decision of starting construction of our new home and we are beginning to have ideas on how it will be designed.
I got to eat some very delicious garlic Parmesan popcorn that tasted great.
Painted some of the outside of our house
We got invited to an event tonight
I got a lot of currency in my video game, which made me really happy.
Goodbye kisses from my children at the bus stop.
Cleaning up the outside of my house so I can sell it sooner
I made a mug cake and it actually tasted good.
I had delicious Ahi tuna tacos that I made for dinner with my spouse.
yesterday a coworker brought in doughnuts in the morning. it was a nice way to start the day
My dog is adorably cute and has the best underbite. When he wants your attention he stares into your eyes and his little underbite smile pops out. Its hilarious
I, started eating healthier foods. 
I met with some other guys for an addiction support/recovery group.  We talk about our lives and help each other stay "sober" from our addictions.
My wife did not have to go to track practice and stayed home.
My kids were able to play outside for a while before it rained, and therefore got some energy out!
I read my book before bed.
I got my paycheck, so I'm not broke anymore.
This is the happiest moment of my life. Being born here, i could never imagine this university actually existing.
I was happy when I got home to see my wife.
I ate some good food with my girlfriend.
I played Mass Effect Andromeda. 
when my dad started to recover from his illness.
Yesterday, my daughter got a great grade on her math test, and she was so excited, so was I!
I checked my email to see that I received a small bonus and was really happy about it since I wanted to leave early for the day to go to lab.
My son hugged and kissed me several times.
I had some free time and was able to play video games.
I went for a jog. I didn't think I was ever going to be able to run again and I didn't run for very long, but I was still able to do it and hope that I can continue. 
When I ate a "chicken fajita pita" at my local restaurant around the corner.
I had a delicious dinner.
Waking Up with my cousin and going to walking made me relaxed and happy
Today is my birthday. hope my birthday blossoms into lots of dreams come ture.
I started planning a vacation for my birthday this year.
Deciding to go out to eat last night instead of cooking, my gf nor i felt like cooking at all last night, and the meal we got was delicious.
While cutting the grass today I witnessed an elderly couple strolling around the neighborhood hand in hand  and laughing. I waved to them in which they replied with a wave back, they came over and introduced themselves and we had a short conversation in which I learned they had been married for 43 years today. 
My roommate cooked curry with rice for me!
I saw my daughter's are project in her elementary school art show.
I visited my mom after work and gave her a big hug.
Today is my birthday. hope my birthday blossoms into lots of dreams come ture.
I got a call from a friend.
Having dinner with my husband and my children.
My children had their DIBELS testing appointments yesterday and they did well!
My boyfriend took me out to lunch yesterday.
It didn't rain on my trip home from work. It was nice not getting wet since I forgot an umbrella.
I stayed up late and talked to my siblings before my brother's wedding.
My daughter gave me a handmade present and card. 
My daughter brushed my hair for me.
I was very pleased with being able to accomplish a task at work yesterday
dude, weed
I had a really good breakfast.
I managed to stick to my caloric deficit today, and I got in some good exercise.
I was playing with my kittens.
I listened to some really beautiful music.
I felt clear-headed and amiable while doing a group task today.
Talked to a friend on the phone.
I finally received my free Zippo lighter in the mail that I've been waiting weeks for.
I was happy when my kid stated how much she loves science.
My birthday was yesterday and I got a nice watch
My coworker reminded me that our paychecks are coming in tonight.
I banged my russian girlfriend. 
I ordered lunch from a pizza place I have wanted to try for some time.
My wife brought home some amazing birthday cake today and it was delicious
I watched a cute video of a girl mistaking a water heater for a robot.
I felt great after getting praise for a financial analysis I worked hard on during my work. 
I called my girlfriend and talked for 30 minutes.
I had a delicious chocolate milkshake. 
I am apartment looking currently and I am very happy to see a bunch of places within our target range and being able to stay in the same city.
I watched an episode of The Americans, one of my favorite TV shows currently airing.
My tax refund showed up in the mail.
My attractive coworker asked me if I would like to go out for drinks on Friday.
After dinner I got same alone time with the house to myself so I nestled into a book for a while followed by some tv watching. 
I had korean food during my lunch break at work today.
An investment that I made is going good so far
Taking a hot bubble bath.
I woke up without a hangover. That's actually really impressive now.
My cat jumped in my lap and started purring really loud.
I had a good phone conversation with my parents 
I watched a comedy program.
I guy I like gave me a hug. 
My mom found out she doesn't have a serious illness.
I found a great deal in the bakery on my favorite rolls.
Today I was very tired after my day's work.Seeing my tiredness my mother decided to make my favourite food to relieve me.I was so surprised that she cooked 7 dishes alone within a small period.I was very happy to see that and I ate till I could finally stop eating
My niece showed me her dance she has been learning in dance class.
I READ MY GRANDDAUGHTER ONE OF HER FAVORITE BOOKS BEFORE SHE WENT TO BED.
I spoke with my sister, who is very busy with graduate school, on the phone.
I was able to get my clothes cleaned for a good price.
I was able to transfer money from my mTurk account to my bank account.
I had a nap in the sun.
After work this morning, I went to the gym and finally had the chance to get better to talk with someone that I have been wanting to get the chance to know for quite some time now. 
Rubbing my cat's belly.
My brother came to visit me this morning from a different state.
I came home to my family
I watched a movie with the family tonight after dinner.  It's great to spend time with them.
I finished reading my book that I had been working on for months.
I finished a song I was working on to record with my band.
Buying a game that i wanted with a huge discount.
My wife showed me great affection during the day.
I was running low on funds.  I was so happy my deposit went in this afternoon!  I was able to go to the store and pick up coffee.
I watched a good show.
My mom offered to be my workout buddy today which was a nice change of pace from the solo workouts I usually do.
yesterday i bought a new mobile long time i was waiting for this mobile, i was so happy it was so nice that was a happiest moment in my life.
My cat jumped into the bed and snuggled into my armpit and slept with me all morning.
I ate a really good meal of burritos and nachos.
The water pipe in my house finally thawed out and there is running water again!!!
Today, I received the parcel for my purchase order for my new Samsung gear 360 and I am very happy.
I came back home from a long day at University.
I took my son to the transit museum and he had a great time.
I treated myself to my favorite dessert
I learned that my professors truly appreciate me and all of my efforts.
I got some research done.
I realized I would be able to meet my financial goals for the week.
Playing a video game
A patient at the clinic I work at gave me a nice compliment. He said he appreciated how efficient I was.
Taking a sick day off of work allowed me to finish a lot of things on my to-do list that I would not have done had I been at work.
I got on the scale this morning and my weight was a little down.
I was happy to see that a coworker had been promoted. 
I woke up to the best husband ever.
I won $200 on a $5 scratcher!
My sister brought me home some food last night. She never never does that. My stomach and brain was so happy that I went into a food coma.
My son dong good on a math test.  As an engineer, that makes me happy.
Had an item delivered that I purchased earlier in the week off eBay. A really good quality product and better than I expected.
I'm getting the hang of my new job. 
I was happy to bump into our neighbor Ruth, who is a lovely young woman with a young son battling cancer.
I received good news that I will finally have a week off in the near future.
In a rare moment of agreeableness, my two dogs and three cats were all sleeping by one another on the couch. 
Last night, I uncovered a book I thought I had lost, which made me quite happy.
My job interview went well.
Being with my dog.
I finally saved up enough to buy something I really want.
I got 8 hours of sleep. This was big because I was becoming sleep deprived for a bit. 
A friend of mine offered me a great price on a piece of technology that I was going to buy new but he has one that is fairly new for 1/4 of the price.
I finished a project at work that I had been working on for a long time. It was such a relief to finally be done and not worry about it any longer. It definitely made me feel fantastic and less stressed. 
Today while working I notice that most of my workers were in a good mood, just that general feeling of those around me are in a good mood had me happy throughout my work day.
I made plans to go to dinner tomorrow night with a good friend.
I had a good lunch with iced tea. 
I got my car fixed.
I did well with my crowdsourcing and GPT work today.
Playing a video game as a way to decompress from life's stresses.
i had an intense workout
I had a good group work session on Slack today.
Got off work today, it has been a long last few days.
I took a long, hot bath and really soaked off the stresses of the day.
A stranger complimented my shoes on the street today.
In the past 24 hours, it made me happy to take a nice little cat nap and feel warm and cozy for a few hours.
Yesterday night when I was walking from office to catch a bus, my colleague gave a lift and left me near the house.
I had a really good night's sleep.
I had lunch with a friend. 
my wife and i had a great date night. we don't get out much anymore, with the slow income.
I was at the gas station and was able to fill my car with exactly the amount of money I had on me.
Helping catch up on projects at work.
I watched one of my favorite tv programs.
i cooked something that many people liked it made me really happy
I spent time with family
I went to the gym even though I had planned to take the evening off.
I finally sold an item on eBay today.
The weather outside today was nice and pleasant.
I had the weekly high score in an online game that I play with friends.
My favorite basketball team that was struggling finally played a good game.
I went for a walk out in a park and listened to some new music.
I had a nice chat with a colleague during the coffee break
Finished with the laundry
i found my missing flip flop in the bushes by my deck
i got new shoes 
A friend liked my outfit and asked where I got my shirt.
I found a way to achieve an educational goal at a low cost.
Stepping on the scale and seeing I've lost a few pounds made me happy today.
all friends and relatives are come to my home i enjoyed
I found out I am getting a kitten soon and I love cats!
I played with my parents dog after not seeing him for weeks.
It made me happy when I ate dinner.
We began planning my mom's birthday dinner. 
I took my parents out to eat.
I finished cleaning my house.
I had fast food. I know it's bad, but it tastes so good.
Going to beach with friends 
Took my dog for a nice walk this afternoon and we enjoyed the weather.
I spent an hour walking my dog in the decent weather and it made both of us very happy.
I started taking St Jhon's Wort, it has increased my mood greatly.
I talked to my best friend on the phone
Getting some time to myself at the end of the day to do surveys and achieve my daily goal made me happy.
I won $20 on a five dollar scratch off ticket.
I got Starbucks and it was tasty!
Cracking open a cold beer last night after a grueling study session for college.
I ended up going outside and mowed the grass for the first time this year.
went for walk with wife
I got an order on my Etsy shop
I realized that my pain from recent surgery is finally faded enough to ignore.
I called an old friend and caught up.
I ordered take out sushi from a place I love
Seeing my son crawl around. He is new to crawling.
I had a good day at work and felt like I really made progress.
It was raining all day but when I finished my workday it was sunny outside
Our AC at home was not working for quite some time and summer has kicked in. When i reached home saw that it got repaired and felt relieved and happy about it.
I found out that someone high ranking in my company came in the same way I did.
Talked to my romantic prospect
I was watching a Jim Gaffigan comedy special with my wife, and it was extremely funny.
My daughter did well on her test in school.
I love go to a stadium with my sons to watch the Football game
I got a great review from my boss at work over a project I finished. 
Watching a storm blow into my town.
I was watching through a bunch of shows in my backlog and I was enjoying being able to catch up.
My husband told me he was offered a part time job that pays very well.
my life  little  things that make your day shine? ... And a complete  fll that has only the best intentions can ... Whether it's keeping up on current events, a new hobby or interest or ... What other small things have made you happy during your work hours?
The price of gas in my particular gasoline station fell 10 cents a gallon.
I felt happy when I went to sleep and my boy friend held me in his arms. He wrapped his arms around me and held me close. It made me feel warm and tingly with joy to have his company. 
I finished updating my personal website.
I was able to purchase some items at a great price. 
It made me very happy to see my best friend a few hours ago at the mall.
My brother had a really good article published on Syracuse.com, and I'm proud of him.
I made spaghetti for dinner and it turned out well. 
tried a new chicken receipe on my own for my family and they gave feedback, Fantastic !!!..very happy to hear that.
I tried a flavor of tea that I had never had before and it was really good.
I heard from a relative that I hadn't heard from in a long time. 
My business partners and I made solid progress on a deal we have been working hard to move forward.  Today, we took a very major step in closing the deal.
A customer of mine was very thankful with my follow up with her recent claim
I got to pet my dog after work. She was happy and I was happy!
I ordered a new iPhone.
I finished my workout on time today and was able to make it to a lunch appointment with an old friend.
My husband had made dinner and cleaned the house by the time I had gotten home.
I got on the scale this morning and saw that I have lost 5 pounds since Wednesday.
Tried a new recipe that turned out great!
I took my dog for a walk
I enjoyed watching my favorite tv show on Netflix last night while relaxing in bed.  
Passing my placement test! I was so sure I hadn't made it.
When I sat down to donate blood, I was happy to hear that my iron levels were up and that I could donate again and maybe help someone.
I was happy when two of my meetings at work today got cancelled.
I finally finish my orders prior to its deadline today.
One event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was sitting with my siblings and deciding a name for our new puppy, we decided on the name Archie.
I won a scratch lotto and won 50 bucks.
I saw my cat playing with a new toy. 
My husband came home from work earlier than normal.
I woke up this morning and had a really great workout with my boyfriend and then we got my favorite breakfast, and I'm still feeling it.
I talked to a mexican guy .He was kind 
I rarely look at the forecast but this morning I did, and was elated to see the temperatures will be in the mid forties for at least the next week.
my wife sent me a snapchat of her tits.
I defeated my friend in 8 ball pool three times in a row.
I won medal basketball with my team. I was very excited and I was sting feeling it 
I had a very productive meeting with my boss early this morning.  
I did intraday trading and made a quick gain of 300$. I felt so happy about the quick profit I made.
Found out that a game I like was getting an update to improve some problems I had with it.
I was happy when I called my parents
I got a Contract work
My husband took me by the hand, walking with me to the car before I left, then told me how very much he loves me with eyes fixed upon mine.
Getting office people support. This is the first time my huge support from outside
Taking a hot shower made me feel happy.
I seen somewhat who is important to me.
My friend just got a new job and I'm excited for him.
Met up with one of my old professors at a local grocery store and talking for 30 minutes.
Enjoying some home made brownies that I made.  They were some of the best brownies I had made.  
I found a lost wallet that contained $119.00 cash and some credit cards.
When I checked my mailbox and found no junk mail in it for once.
It was a beautiful day outside.
I picked out a new paint color for downstairs.
My dad called me to let me know that he is cancer free now! 
I played rainbow six seige on my PS4 and we won the three rounds consecutively.
I got two boxes of frozen waffles for free at work.
My coworkers gave me balloons and candy and took me to lunch for my birthday.
Today is one solid week with no soda, a goal I have been working at to build a healthier diet!
A customer complimented me at work which was nice and made my day.
Asma invited for coffee at her house. I am a white woman living in an Arabic community and they rejected me for years and are now accepting me and it feels great. It is hard to be friends with white women once they figure out your husband is a sexist pig they think you are insane (maybe they are right).
I went out and bought a new bottle of nail polish.
It made me happy when my parents remembered that my internship started today and texted me about it in a family group text. It made me happy because a) we hadn't talked about my internship in a week but they still remembered the start day was today and b) it makes me happy that we have a group text to begin with....we're always sharing sarcastic remarks or gifs so to be included in that in itself made me smile.
I finished my taxes and checked it off my long list of things to do. 
I was able to clean my whole house today and take a nap!
I ate some of my homemade gluten-free cheesecake.
Went out for dinner at the food court with my daughter.
I came home from my doctor's appointment and my husband had gotten the kids' lunch all set up and I didn't have to do anything.
I had a satisfying workout.
My son came home from high school, and he was well and happy, and I greeted him and served him lunch.
Went for a movie and it was really amazing movie
We booked a vacation this summer to spend time with family.
I ordered a new book on options trading online,  I found it at a price of $5 instead of the regular price of $35.
Nowadays, happiness is a fuzzy concept and can mean many different things to many people. Part of the challenge of a science of happiness is to identify different concepts of happiness, and where applicable, split them into their components. Related concepts are well-being, quality of life and flourishing. At least one author defines happiness as contentment.[6] Some commentators focus on the difference between the hedonistic tradition of seeking pleasant and avoiding unpleasant experiences, and the eudaimonic tradition of living life in a full and deeply satisfying way.
I was able to complete a television series I started watching a few weeks ago.
In my office  last 2 days we were waiting for approval of great retail deal . Finally yesterday afternoon 1 p.m we got approval,in this approval all workers will get bonus , & promotion including me . so that it gave more happy .
I watched my favorite basketball team win on national television.
i will get into the habit of dreaming big are more likely to accomplish their goals than those who donat. If you dare to dream big, your mind will put itself in a focused and positive state
I purchased a new dress for Sunday party.
My son won an award for good behavior today.
I was happy when my husband came home after leaving me a week alone on business with our twin 3-year olds.
I spend the whole time with my niece. We call names at each other, make funny faces and laugh all the way along. As she slept on my arms, she reminds me of the calmness in twilight, the morning birds chirping, the dusk wind brushing my face. She brings out the best in me and I forget what is unwanted and hideous. Sometimes it's good to be random.
I led an effective meeting at work.
I had dinner with my cod fish. 
I felt happy when my grown son called to say "thank you" for some things I had done for him this morning.
An event that happened this evening that made me happy was listening to the thunder and watching the lightning and rain from inside the comfort of my kitchen while drinking warm coffee. 
Caught the Rachel Maddow show.  My favorite news show.
My husband made dinner for our family.
My son completed his kinder garden school with good grades.  I am so happy. 
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

It was a warmer day than it has been lately
I was happy to see my wife when i came home from work.
I am so glad that I got to see an old friend of mine. I haven't seen my friend in several years, and we met today and got to catch up on old times. It was a bittersweet reunion. 
Driving a new car instead of my old one and seeing how different it is.
I bought New Dresses
I thought that I was out of cream for coffee, but lo and behold, there remained a can in the back of the pantry!
I received a monetary bonus.
I received an offer of a credit.
I went to the library today and was pleased to find that they had a good C++ book for me to practice coding with.
I found out about a job.
I was able to get a discount for some items I needed for my daughter. I saved about $10 total. 
My roommate came home and bought me a box of pizza to myself
My sister, whom I haven't seen in weeks, came over to see, check up and just spend a little time with me.
I felt happy to go back to the sustainability office at my college after almost a year, where I used to have a student job, and meet the amazing and supportive students and employers I have had there, as well as get to eat a delicious nutella filled cookie and vanilla ice cream. 
I got to go bowling with friends today.
I arranged birthday party for my brother. He enjoyed that moment. i feel very happy .
I felt happy when I got a game console to work today and knew that It was worth the wait.
I went for a motorcycle ride in the mountains.
Took a really good social profile picture.
I found a commemorative pin I had lost, and it had been a long time since I lost it.
I had fun chasing iguanas around.
i got a payment of my work
I did the entirety of my dishes, despite ending up using more afterwords for dinner.
i got mechanical truck payment yesterday.i very happy moment for a hour
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my unde`s summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
I was able to finish my work early today and feel like I did a good job. 
I was completely happy when I stepped on the scale and saw that I had lost 8 pounds in the last two weeks.
My daughter passed her road test on the first try.
I watched my favorite television show with my wife before she went to work.
I ate some steak and tacos.
I got to see a friend that i haven't been around in ages.
Finishing grocery shopping made me happy. I was so overwhelmed with grocery shopping today and was very happy to be finished. I was also happy that I had enough food to feed my children for the week. 
my little daughter first speech happen today
I am taking a vacation day tomorrow. 
That time felt very sad and crying also my life time is not end now this my worried 
A dear friend is getting a promotion in his job and visiting his wife who is currently on another country. It made me happy that good things happened to him. 
I lost my keys and thought I was going to have to call a locksmith and pay for a Jew key but luckily someone found them right before I placed the call and saved me $120 and an hour wait. I was ecstatic. 
while i'm lying down on the sofa,my mother tickle me. i was laughing.
I watched a good show on Netflix.
I found a really good sale on spring clothing online.
I was able to get a great deal on an item I was looking to purchase.
I got a call from my childhood friend almost after 22 years
I was able to get some much needed work done that helped me earn a little extra money.
I treated myself to a latte.
I wanted to get lunch, but I didn't feel like going anywhere, but I remembered I had some pizza in the fridge.
I made coconut pecan waffles for lunch- a rare treat.
My cat food, rolling pin, and bottle of perfume arrived in the mail. 
I came home and my girlfriend had dinner ready so i would not have to cook after a long day of working
I took my children for ice cream tonight and watched them play together.  
My spinning instructor sent me a message a few minutes ago telling me to bring my yoga mat to class. That we would be doing some ab work at the end for an extra Friday treat. That made me happy. I love treats :)
When i came to my office, i met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about me uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
When i finally learned the basic guitar chords (was today, im trying to learn how to play the guitar)
I am going to hometown this weekend to visit my family and friends.
Yesterday my grand father&grand mother came my home down. They bought some fruits&sweets.We ate sweets.My mommy prepare the lunch,she prepare some special items especially chicken,eff&fish.My grand father like her kitchen manners.Then we saw serial in 1 hour. Then i went my friends home.
When I came to my office, I me to my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about me uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
Discussed political discourse and various issues with the US criminal justice system with a friend. I love a good intellectual discussion. It made me somewhat happy.
FINISHED AUDIT WORK IN AND ON TIME WITH SUPPORT OF MANAGER
I carefully prepared a cup of hot cocoa to which I added milk, half and half, and chocolate syrup and it turned out tastey.
I was happy when I my book came in the mail that I ordered. 
I took a nice warm shower after walking home in the rain and cold wind. 
Today I spoke with my father and arranged to meet him for dinner in the coming week.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about me uncle's summer vacation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
while i'm lying down on the sofa my grandpa tickle me i was laughing .
i went to the shooting range to try out a new gun.
I went out to drive after spending several days inside my apartment.
The day with my daughter.she is very naught
I was accepted for another on line study that will last 2 weeks and will pay $100.
Got a new watch I've been wanting for a while.
I ate chocolate chocolate chip cookies.
I am a coach for my school's esport team and we had our weekly meeting last night. I always enjoy getting to talk to them in-person and have discussions about the game we play.
YESTERDAY AM SLEEPING MORE THAN 8 HOURS..AFTER THAT I FELT ITS GOOD FOR HEALTH...
I researched ideas to celebrate my upcoming birthday differently this year, and found some great options.
I got news that I would be the one to deliver an important presentation.
I was happy that I my paycheck will be enough to pay the rent.
I just went to the boxing class i love, and saw my friend after she came back from vacation. 
A neighbor's 13 year old boy did some yard work at my home, did a fantastic job and the garden area is looking great!
I woke up before my alarm clock went off and I stayed up.
I was able to find a really local car wash in my new neighborhood of Austin Texas.
I talked to a friend who lives pretty far away that I haven't talk to for a month.
I watch  a comedy movie with my family. 
I started planning a trip to Boston.
I AM SO HAPPY AND ENJOYING BECAUSE SPEND MY FAMILY MEMBERS.THAT MOMENT IS THE BEST 
An event that made me happy was talking to an out of state friend on the phone. 
I had a good workout today with plenty of excercises.
During a break from my therapy class, I got to talk to a really friendly guy outside my clinic, and the weather outside was great, just warm enough with a slight breeze and sunshine.
I withdrew rs 600 from the bank. I added it to rs 200 which I already had. As I counted rs 800 altogether I felt happy.
MY DAUGHTER'S BIRTHDAY WE ARE GOING TO HOTEL.THAT IS HAPPY MOMENT.
I had a nice lunch with a friend and her baby.
I PLAYED THE LOTTERY AND WON $20. IT GOT ME A GOOD LUNCH. 
I went to lunch with my husband and we talked about our day. 
My dog was really excited to see me when I got home. It is nice to have someone/something to come home to, and she is super cute and cuddly. I feel my stress melting away when I see her.
I visited  food fair at last night
I was able to take a restful nap this afternoon.
MY BROTHER BIRTHDAY WE ARE GOING TO HOTEL THAT IS HAPPY MOMENT IN MY LIFE.
I found out that i have a job interview next Monday.
THE DINNER THAT WE HAD YESTERDAY WITH ALL MY FAMILY MEMBERS WITHOUT MISSING OUT ANYONE MADE ME HAPPY.WE ALMOST TASTE 50% OF THE FOOD IN THAT RESTAURANT.EACH AND EVERY DISH IS TOO GOOD.
skipped the gym
captured my happy moment with my gf and she was quite happy than me
When I completed my golem upgrade on clash of clans made me pretty happy. 
I felt happy when I had a latte from dunkin donuts. 
While I was watering my newly decorated front landscape a neighbor came up and complimented me on the picturesque flowers that I planted. 
A class was cancelled so I had more free time.
I got some great news this afternoon from a small biopsy I had last week.
When I came to my office I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about me uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
I heard from an old friend.
I got to talk to my dad after not seeing him for a few weeks while he was in another state on business.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
YESTERDAY I WAS GONE FOR MY RELATIVE FUNCTION, BECAUSE MEET MY ALL RELATIVES.
I was able to  set aside some money for the first time in a while.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
When I came to my office, I met grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
My mail order boots arrived today.
My daughter picked a bunch of daffodils and gave them to me as a present. 
I bought a new candle that smells really good.
Had a good sex with my husband
I finished an anime series that I had been watching for months.
When I come to my office I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about me uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
Bought delicious imported pears.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life .
I'm off from work for the next one week as I have decided to go on a holiday . My holiday was confirmed yesterday and I can't wait to get to Bali.
I called my mother to catch up with her since I haven't spoken with her in a few weeks
I was downtown in one of my favorite cities in the world.
I found a copy of one of my favorite games, crash bandicoot, on eBay for a pretty good deal. I haven't had a copy for years.
I made myself one of the best god damn looking sandwiches ever, and it tasted amazing.
A teacher that I have been subbing for was able to come back and teach for a day as her ill husband is slowly improving. 
Visiting with my friends
I smoked a good (and expensive) cigar.
I and My brother went long drive yesterday thats make me very happy.
Yesterday i went to temple , there i saw my old college friend and we chat for some more time in the temple and discuss about the past life. That made me happy for that day.
I had yet another day this week where I did not spend any money to help me save for future expenses. 
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE PARTY WITH MY FRIEND. THAT MOMENT UNFORGETTABLE MOMENT.
I had such a long day at work.  I was so happy to be done and go home at the end of the day.  I was waiting for that moment all day.
I and My brother went long drive yesterday thats make me very happy.
While.I'm lying down on the sofa,my mother tickle me.i was laughing
The last event that's made me happy the past 24 hours is being able to deadlift my highest weight at 225 pounds,
right now i am drinking a beer and that makes me very happy.
I got a decent amount of sleep last night.
I got to sleep in this morning and it made my mood better than usual.
My boyfriend kissed me.
I was happy this afternoon because my coworkers and I cracked jokes all afternoon and laughed a lot.  
I met the new principal of my kid's school this morning. 
last evening during my shopping i got a gift coupon for purchase. i got the first prize by random selection.i felt surprise.
I went out to dinner with my kids after work.
it was a small gesture but this parent saw many of my daily challenges.she has a tremendous amount of effort.respect.
Family trip to Water resort!!hurray... it was hot summer and decided to go for a   vacations.. my family and friends were all enjoyed .. just chill out in beach .. played some  water games,  went of horse ride.. had some desserts.. this makes my day very good .. relaxed .. and enjoyed..
I managed to complete the extra task that my boss entrusted me with.
I received an award at work.
Buying an froyo pint at the grocery store. 
Watching my cat be silly and doing her acrobatics because she makes me laugh. 
I was happy when i cooked and ate a delicious breakfast this morning
Seeing the joy and happiness in my little brothers eyes when he saw that I came home with some pizza and milkshakes.
My mom sent me a funny youtube clip of a baby and a puppy playing together.
Getting positive reply from most of my shareholders for a conference call coming Saturday.
I m very happy to hear 'dad' words from my son.
I went on a walk out in the country early in the morning.
I went over my girlfriends house and played with her cat and dog. 
My husband made a delicious homemade pizza for dinner
I ate lunch with coworkers.
my kid gave me the cutest look..
I watched a movie with my husband.
Having my family over to our house for dinner. 
I discovered a new trick to help make my tasks at work easier.
The event was when I made a big sale on a item I had listed on a sale site.
I listened to an interesting podcast.
My pet cat let me pick him up and hold him.
I accidentally closed a $9.50 HIT before I had finished it.  I emailed the requester and was able to finish and be paid.
I had enough stars for a free drink at Starbucks and cashed them in today. 
I took my sons to visit my husband at work today.
I was able to pet one of my big calves.  He loves having his nub horns rubbed.
I ate cereal. I really like cereal. 
I got a slice of pie with my father and we had a good time chatting.
My Mother came to my home . 
Tonight, my daughter made dinner an made me happy.
I am very happy I am going to see my friends later on, I haven't seen them in weeks.
I spoke with my daughter and granddaughter just before her mom dropped her off at school.
I video chatted with my parents whom I haven't seen for several weeks now as they are overseas.
I had a lunch with my family and we all shared a lot of laughs.
I got offered a new higher paying job.
My car was fixed.
I won a scratch off lottery ticket for one-hundred bucks.
I heard my new favorite song on the radio on the drive to work. 
Taking a walk with my dog in the nice weather made me feel happy.
Since it is getting late, the last thing that made me happy is being back home, with my dog.
new chain gifts present in  my friends. and i am also very happy
My student with Down's Syndrome was able to play most of a song on the drums today.
I got an A+ on a recent paper for college.
I got my new cable box in the mail from Comcast. UPS brought it right to my door and I now have HBO which I'm really excited about. Now I can watch Game of Thrones when it comes on this summer!
One of my friend came from gulf country and give some gift to me.
The little girl I babysit went home.
I was able to eat lunch with a close friend of mine that I have not seen for a few months.
I hit all the green lights on the way to work.
An event that seems to make me happy is whenever I get the chance to drive around in my 2013 Toyota Corolla and see where the adventure takes me.
I studied for a class at the library for around three hours.
Many kids have come to the party. Even though it is small, i was enjoyed a lot playing with kids. It's great thing to be with such wonderful kids on my birthday. Kids always a pleasure banks. Whenever you are worried, you can be relieved immediately if you play with them for a couple of minutes.
I met with a group of friends to study a Bible passage and discuss how it applies to our lives.
I made a payment on our credit card.
I saw a funny meme on instagram. 
I watched the film "Bate's Car: Sweet as a Nut" on the National Film Board of Canada's website and thoroughly enjoyed it.
I got to watch the season finale of my favorite show.  
I made a delicious dinner for me and my Mom and it was easy to prepare.
I watched the new Dave Chappelle stand up on Netflix.
I cleaned my apartment and felt productive afterwards.
I got home early and was able to hang out with my girlfriend for a bit and watch Shameless on Netflix for an hour with her.
Going for a run made me happy.
I received an email from my mom and she signed it by saying "I love you"
I made the right choice to eat in. 
it is so miracle to do this
I watched my favorite movie. 
It made me happy to take a long bubble bath this morning. It was my day off work so I slept in and then enjoyed a slow soak. 
Today i'm very happy because i gave dog for my birth day pending gift. i love dog and now i have a dog i'm very happy.
My husband got off work a little earlier today so he was able to help with the kids while I got some stuff done around the house.
I was able to block many hits very smoothly in my Krav Maga class and felt like my skills had improved.
We had a relative that we had not seen in years visit 
I had an amusing conversation with my wife after the kids went to sleep.
There were no long checkout lines when I went to Wal-Mart yesterday.
Last night my wife I were laughing and joking around before bed.
Today I see my old best friend and we talk some old memories. 
I got an 87 on my Biology Midterm exam!
Checking out my earnings for the week on Mechanical Turk and seeing 50 dollars in my account. 
Me and my wife confirmed the arrival of a new baby, she is pregnant and we came to know this yesterday.
When this girl and this guy (one of the guys mentioned above) that I'm friends with decided to go to Walmart with me to buy groceries. These two don't go very well together, but this time they were really getting along.
When my nephew new born yesterday.
My dog playing with me and licking me made me happy within the last twenty four hours.
I played the game topple with my nephew. 
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
My son wanted to help me do the dishes and I thought it was so sweet.
I realized I had an extra pair of socks so I didn't have to do laundry today. 
Looked at the weather forecast for next week and spring should finally be coming to the are I live.
I make 'cold' sales calls for part of my job. There can be days where I make 40-50 calls and get no one that wants to speak with me. Today, I had the nicest people on the other end of the phone! One person in particular made my day. He was very happy to hear from me and was actually glad that I called!
My son stood up for the first time unassisted today.
My favorite tv show was on, and I actually had time to watch it. 
We are going for a trip to enjoy vacation.
eating dinner
I cuddled with my big soft fluffy dog on the couch while watching tv.
I fixed a problem at work, migrating a computer to a different network, that had been an ongoing issue for the last week.
In the past 24 hours I was happy to see my aunt after a few months. 
I had the luxury of being treated out to a nice dinner by my father and the food was delicious. 
I was able to spend time with my family. 
We have decided to buy a two wheeler next month.
Today my family arrange a picnic party its a little event for me.
I came home from work early and had time for a game of DOTA.
my friend wedding celebration in church, father give us very good statement about life and happiness. it is also good enjoyment and valuable thing.
My coworker bought me lunch today.  It is something that rarely happens.
I ate pulled pork for dinner (pulled pork that I had made myself for the first time) and it tasted really, really good.
my sister made cake at home for me.
Getting a work promotion
I planted flowers in the garden this evening.
I made a very great and tasty dinner consisting of pork tenderloin, mixed vegetables, and a baked potato for each person, which turned out very well and we also have some good leftovers from it.
I made shrimp scampi. 
My parents have stopped quarreling and are on a ceasefire in the mean time. It's not permanent but it will have to do.
I managed to exercise today, despite hating to exercise, and I felt I had accomplished something very healthy for myself.
Last night, my boyfriend and I made a delicious pasta dinner together.
to day morning i went to meet my new girlfriend.
I took a nap.
An event that made me happy was when I was able to gain more muscle in my arms after working out in the gym.
I was happy that I made a customer happy at work.  That made my day.
I think you can not be happy, you can only be happy. There is no formula for achieving happiness in life, simply there is a choice, to be or not to be :-) if it does not turn out then it is worth thinking about how to change the way of life.
my siblings and me arranged a party at my home making arrangements with my family members was so fun..
Talking with a friend and having a good laugh.
I went and got some food to bring home. I turned on the tv, went to my DVR and saw that The Expanse was on last night. So I watched that while I ate my food.
Finished my homework and quiz that I got 10/10 on. 
I went to see my mom and have lunch with her.  We spoke about how well things are going for her at her job.  That made me very happy to hear.
I bought a new bag and chappel it is very costly and stylish.
I saw a rainbow after the storm.
I worked on refining a deck for Magic: The Gathering.
I found a rare item in the game I was playing.
i bought three jasmine plant and preserving it in a good way and hoping to get jasmine flower in future
Taking a bite of peanut butter out of the jar on the way to work today.
I got to talk with my girlfriend for the better part of the day. I love her so much. We're getting together this tomorrow and that makes me ecstatic.
MY WIFE TRAVELLING TO HER HOME TOWN AND SHE WILL BE COMING AFTER TWO MONTS
I tried a new sandwich and it was delicious.
I and my friends went to my house and we had a great time spending together talking about our past and college life 
An unexpected check arrived in the mail! I love money coming in! This is also confirmation my meditations and hard work using the Law of Attraction and Abundance is working! Yay!
Watching a recorded Survivor has made happy.  I've always been a big fan of the show and watching another blindside at tribal counsel, has made me happy.
when i completed all my work efficiently that i was assigned.
I went for shopping with my spouse. We did enjoyed a lot at the new market that we visited. It was crowded and lively. The weather was nice and the atmosphere was lively. It was amazing to shop at that market.
I was reminded of a friend's upcoming birthday.
I spent a few minutes outside since it was sunny and a nice day.
My daughter laughed for the first time!
My daughter came first at school in a dance competition
Talking to my friend who came in to visit me at work to chat.
Evening I went to the margin free shop and I got surprise gift from the coupon given by the shop for purchasing.
The dinner that I cooked tonight turned out the way I wanted.
i go to restaurant with my friends for celebrating my happiness.i feel very happy to feel that moment.it makes good memory in my life.it feel proud to my self.it gives lot of goodness in my life.it makes more happy in my life.i feel very happy to share this events.
I went to the gym after a long day.
Watching Better Call Saul on Netflix last night.
I had a great nap to wind down from the day.
My daughter did the dishes after supper today.
I was happy when I saw my dogs face when Gave him his new toy.
I found a great book at dollar tree and purchased it for only a dollar. 
i ate my favorite meal today
Everyone helped clean up after dinner and take the garbage out without me asking 25 times.
In night we came very late. But my son prepared dinner for us. This is the first time he makes dinner. It was taste less. But my son prepared I said very good, and nice. I am so happy. My son is 12 years old.
I didn't have to drive four hours to get my mom from the airport because she missed her connecting flight home, she got a rental car instead. 
I finish my work assignment three days before deadline, which don't happen very often.
My supervisor appreciated me for the great work I have done.
I got 8 hours of good, restful sleep and felt great.
I received a call from a company that wanted to interview me.
I got a free Starbucks drink this morning.
I got a new PR in running.
I was able to watch a new video from my favorite youtube channel.
I went to a Mexican Restaurant and ate chicken taquitos. They came with sour cream, guacamole, beans and rice. They were very good and I drank horchata with them. 
I watched a movie that I wanted to see when it first came out.
My colleague has bought a new car and he gave me treat for that,yesterday night.
Just the way he said it cheered me up. I couldnat stop smiling for the rest of the day!
I FaceTimed with my sister for the first time.
The weather was beautiful today.
I went to shopping mall.
I am allergic to gluten and I during lunch today the server in the restaurant told me that they have a gluten free cookie. I ordered it and it made me really HAPPY! I haven't had a cookie in a really long time, because of my allergy! I can't wait to go back and get another one. 
Seeing my boyfriend having a great day. 
I got paid today.
Past 24 hour I got my visa for Spain n I'm flying next week for 10 days to Spain n good news is we all friends got the visa .
drinking with old coworkers
I finished a project at work.
bike rate are slightly decreases my friend plan to buy a new bike
I was able to have some time to myself.
I heard my daughter say 3 new words tonight. 
I got eat a lot of cookies on my cheat day.
I came into some money and got to buy some things I wanted.
going with my parents to picnic
I got back long pending loan from my friend.
All family members had dinner at a famous restaurant in our town.
I went to restaurant with my family and my grandparents which was a very happy moment
TODAY I SAW A SUPER HIT LOVE MOVIE WITH FULL OF LOVE & BEAUTIFUL FEELING AND  MY WHOLE DAY FILLED WITH THAT MEMORY AND  THE MOVIE WAS ENDED WITH HAPPINESS.  
I was happy when my friend said he could go to Cedar Point with me this summer during there special early opening day. 
I strongly believe that ordinary yet priceless things such as health, family solidarity and closeness, important people like friends who will always be there for you no matter what and job satisfaction can definitely lead to happiness. I am opposed to the belief that money makes everyone happy and replete. Although money and wealth are essential elements for human life as they help people cover their expenses, do things they want and purchase materials people want, I don't think that they are the determinant factors. Furthermore, self-contentment could be another important ingredient for us to be happy. We can be happy with however little we have only if we have the self-satisfaction and self-contentment.
I played in the inter circuit tennis tournament and was a runner up in that event.My mom and dad was there in that time.I was really happy at that moment.
i want to meet my old friend yesterday
Talking to my cousin I never get to see.
I got to watch my tv shows. 
I am about to take a shower and it makes me feel clean after work.
bitcoin went up by $10 in value , allowing me to sell some of my coins at a profit. 
I forgot about the regular yearly check up for my son.  I was pleased to find that the Doctor's office had an appointment as early as tomorrow.
When my husband came home with a bunch of goodies that I love. My favorite drink and snacks.
I was able to get 8 full hours of sleep last night. 
I watched a movie with my fiance.
recieve a gift from my boyfriend, a gold ring
Watched a video on YouTube where they parodied a song from an anime.
I completed the requirements of the company I'm working on, it makes me happy because I don't have to worry about anything else anymore.

i had painted my room and accessories by own.
I received an encouraging message from a friend that moved away.
My favourite TV show at night, I love to watch this show and try to avoid any distraction in between my show.
My wife prepared my favorite cottage cheese dish for dinner. It felt awesome.
I WENT DO SHOPPING 
I went to Yoga and Meditaion class.
I exercised in the morning and I had very nice sleep...this thing kept me happy whole day.
yesterday morning i wrote a mail to my company to get my vacation leave they permitted to leave for 2 days i enjoyed my holidays
Today is my week off from my work that feels happy to me yesterday.
I talked to a friend I haven't seen or talked to in a while
Went to reunion, meeting old friends and cracking those age old jokes were really fun.
I found a perfect outfit that I'm going to wear to a friend's wedding.
I got a gift from my sister without any reason.
I WENT TO BROWSING CENTER
I went to shopping mall with family members.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WEND TO SHOPPING 
Yesterday i went to bank one of the street dog faced accident that i did first aid and handed over to the blue cross to protect the animal
I WENDT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I made a new friend tonight while visiting an old friend.
Opening the fridge and seeing that there is still some pasta left.
I went to beach and spent time with family members.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I was told at work today that I could have this weekend off.
I met my 9th grade English teacher on Facebook after a five or six years. She played an important role in my life and when I found her on Facebook, I was elated. She was the reason I began writing and she was the reason I actually enjoyed it. She had just started out her teaching career with us, and it was wonderful seeing her grow with us. She was fun, funny, carefree, smart, and magical. She was the best teacher I've ever had and I owe her a lot. 

When I found her on Facebook, I immediately sent her a friend request. I didn't think she'd accept my request or that she'd remember me, I was in for a sweet surprise when I saw that she accepted and she had sent me a message. It was something like, "Wow! It's been so long since I've seen you! How are you doing? You've grown to be a beautiful woman!" We started chatting with each other and I found out that she had changed schools a states, actually. She was doing well.

I informed her of my writings on Quora, my articles that were published, and my short stories (which I'm still working on a new one). She was proud of me, I mean, exceptionally proud. She said she knew that I'd grow as a writer because she could see the passion in me. I actually had tears in my eyes when I read her message. It was an amazing feeling to know that I've done my teacher proud, especially one that had a significant role in my life.

How does it feel to meet my teacher? It was amazing, I can't express the joy I felt when I found her on Facebook and actually started having a conversation with her.
I WENT TO  TEMPLE
i made breakfast to day 
I felt some cold climate this morning and enjoyed that climate near my home.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
I WENT TO MOVIE
i received an appreciation from my work place
I ate a nice dinner. 
Seen an old friend from many years ago. He visited my house for the first time in over a decade, was a wonderful feeling.
Today I got my tax refund, which was large than normal, and I put it into my savings making me feel very secure.
My wife brought new bike today with her savings.
My elder child was a boy .So I expected to have the younger one a baby girl.After delivery when my doctor said your baby is girl.I felt very happy.
I went to church in the evening with my family and I was happy because of that.
i played with my pet yesterday
I got friend request in facebook from an old school friend that make me happy.
the day my wife got pregnant. The news was known yesterday and i am still happy about the news.
We also had an occasion where we sent people for pilgrimage as a part of upcoming Good Friday celebrations.
evening we went for shopping and purchased new dresses.the moment was unforgettable and we took photos
My husband cooked breakfast for dinner.
When myself and my spouse spent quality time as we walked down a silent road.  
Playing a local poker game online for a large amount of money and coming out first and winning a very large amount of money, but it wasn't just the winning it is the respect I now get for that win and a few others, amazing.
I got a new book that I've been wanting to read in so I can continue the series where I left off.
I matched and talked with a cute girl on tinder.
I watched a movie with friends.
I BOUGHT A NICE FANTASTIC MOBILE yesterday.that is what made my day very happy. 
evening we went for shopping and purchased new dresses.the moment was unforgettable and we took photos
I walked my dogs and the weather was beautiful. 
My husband brought my favorite soap after a long days.
I did twenty pushups in the morning today and this made me happy.
Successfully made some delicious tacos at home with the ingredients I bought earlier today.
Yesterday my daughter got a new dress and i dresses her up well. She was very cute and she started to dance with joy. I too enjoyed a lot looking at her joy.
My family congratulated me and I prepared a surprise that I did not expect
Being able to pay bills on time this week.
I was invited to the beta of a game I play on an Amateur level.
I woke up early and went on a walk with my dog.
My brother brought me a Snickers bar when he went to the store.
My boss complemented my good work and this made me feel good.
A neighbour told me that Joshua is doing well.
I ate a delicious homemade BBQ chicken pizza.
my children and i went to water park near the function hall and we all enjoyed the water games and after that we had a lavish lunch and enjoyed the wedding ceremony.
I bought a new car
the title company doing the closing on my old home called me today to let me know the process is in motion.
I went out to lunch with two of my aunts.
I took pictures of two of my cats cuddled together, happily grooming each other.
I got to eat Wingstop, my favorite wing place ever. I got three of my favorite flavors with french fries. It was just what I was craving and made my belly full and satisfied. 
yesterday my wife bought me a new pair of shoe and socks and i was very happy she told me that is her my birthday present.
I took a very peaceful walk down our road today that made me feel peaceful and happy as the scenery is beautiful and there isn't as much noise where we currently reside.
My older daughter kissed my baby daughters forehead.
My daughter learned how to jump.
finally completed the task provided by my manager. feeling relaxed now
i am happy that the weekend is near.
Another happy moment is, I got an offer after buying the bike. Offer is I can stay in one of the resorts for three days. Booked the resort today morning and waiting for that day to go on my new bike.
Savoring a glass of red wine.
A TRIP WITH MY FRIENDS PAST WEEK END WAS REALLY AWESOME
A good friend of mine sent me the rough draft of a novel they're working on so I can beta it and possible help them edit it before it gets submitted to publishers this year.
A enjoyable chat with my father made me happy
I got a call from my friend that he is getting out of mental institution early. He has bi-pollar and he has been dealing with it for the past 20 years. His hospitalization came as a suprise as he was more sick this time then ever. So when I heard he was getting out, that made me happy.
My last 24 hours were not very eventful.  I'm really stretching here as the past 24 hours have been very routine for me.  However yesterday, I did finish a project at work.  I'm a Unix server administrator.  As part of my job, over the many years I've done this line of work, I have developed a number of computer programs (mostly Perl and shell scripts) to automate this and that.  Some are small some are big.  Because of a module that most of programs use has been deprecated from Perl, and because Red Hat 7, the operating system and version we are moving the servers at work to, no longer comes with that Perl module, a whole lot of my programs were going to break.  There is another module that does the job with a few tweaks to each program.  Over the past few days I have been editing all of my programs to update that module and a few other things.  I finished that today.  It is a nice feeling of accomplishment to finish something.  it was not a major project, but it's still an accomplishment.  I'll take that!
I enjoyed nice big evening meal after I got back from the walk with fresh garlic and salad.
My husband made dinner for the whole family.
I fix a faulty power installation at home
I got a new hair cut done this morning and it has made me happy.
I went and got ice cream from Coldstone.
Minimizing stress is a key issue in the frantic, changing 21st century world. People under stress are not alert to what is happening around them, and they are prone to oversights and mistakes. Establish a network of mutual support in your company, so people do not feel isolated and know how to get help when they need it.

Encourage confidence.
It's never about the place. It's about the people you spend time with. I have never been much happier. Whenever I went to Tirupati and was traveling back to Bangalore, I felt like I had failed my most important exam, maybe I was missing a train. I cried like a small baby every time I left that place. This time it was different, this time I was happy. I was myself, my true self. Peace!
We had enough money left over to be able to buy groceries.
I found a good sum of money in the pocket of my old forgotten pair of jeans!
My long pending stomach ache was lessened today and this is absolutely fine to me 
All my friends came to my home and celebrated with cake to enjoy that moment of match winning performance. i wont forget that moment in my whole life
I meat my friends at Temple I am feeling better and happy
I found a ring that I  thought I had lost forever.   It was my mom's ring and means a great deal to me.  I was overjoyed that it was not really lost after all.
I saw a new movie with my family in theater and it made me happy
When I was jogging in the park.
Yesterday 19:00 PM. My childhood friend monisha was asked me to we will go some restaurant. I agreed and we went to big restaurant. Me and monisha had lot of food and juice. Finally we finished all of food. Then we were waited for bill. I was planned to pay the bill but my friend monisha agreed to pay. So I'm happy for this. I saved money. Next time i will pay the bill. Because next month i will get salary so. I can use to pay with salary. Bank savings will not affect. So I'm very happy. Jolly jolly!!!
I gave my boss a suggestion on how to do the layout of a room and he went with it.
I bought tickets to see Elton John live in concert - one of my favorite singers and piano players.
Planning for my daughter's birthday and thinking about all of the exciting things I have in store. Everyday her special day gets closer and closer and I sit back and reflect on the past years, watching her grow.
I was happy since I got a chance in an MBA programme yesterday. It was a long cherished dream of mine which was fulfilled.
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
I got the news of my promotion to a higher post.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
A major bridge on an interstate collapsed in my city and there were no injuries or fatalities. 
After 2 years, I met my aunty this morning. she was in abroad for the past 2 years. She just returned to her home town 2 days back. And, today she came to my home to see my family.
I created a virtual server on my laptop in Windows 2K8 OS by which anyone can access files on a drive on my laptop specified by me through a link and so it works like an online storage solution which makes me happy.
I re-started my exercise schedule after a break, and reached my daily goal.
I got a proposal for a trip in Europe
I had a very good trip from home to the Niagara falls
I ate spaghetti (one of my favorite foods) for dinner.
I went at zoo with my family
Today I got my first night of 8 hours sleep. I've been only getting about 4 hours and it was really taking a toll on me.
I spoke on the phone to my best friend. 
I successfully drove to our first stop on vacation -- on the opposite side of the road than I'm used to -- without getting lost. 
I saw a pretty girl.
I was able to fit in watching a movie for fun.
I caught all my connections and made it to work in record time. On a bad day it could take me as long as 1.5  to 2 hours to get to work. Today I made it in less than an hour. WOW.
I worked for a project for the last one month and the task was really hard. I did it very honestly and i finished it right now. Now i feel very happy. 
I was happy when I received pictures and texts from my friend's wedding that I was not able to attend.  
After that a rich feast has been arranged by me to celebrate that happy occasion for high officials and VIPs.   Memory of this happy occasion free full meals also supplied to poor people in the temple campus.
I went  to a sports day yesterday and i love athletics so that made me happy
My cousin's birthday was celebrated yesterday night at a Fun Mall in our city where many of my relatives gathered together and that event was really fun and happy.
I was worried about broken bone in my wrist. After an x-ray, found it was just a sprain. Thank God.
I go to the beach because of the weather with friends
I was able to order from my favorite restaurant today. I got my favorite meal on the menu, and it was delicious. 
I learned from my landlord that my dryer will be fixed tomorrow after nearly a week and a half without clean clothes.
YESTERDAY WE WERE PLANNING TO GO TO OUR NATIVE PLACE DURING THIS SUMMER VACATION, IT MADE ME HAPPY.
I got a lot deeper of sleep than usual.
I was able to donate plasma.
I managed to catch my train by nick of time, and so reached office on time for a meeting. 
i bought my mom her favorite gift and made me happy
Got some pocket change.
My supervisor helped me a lot with my project. It was kind of unexpected because the student leader was pretty rude, so I didn't expect anyone else to be nice in my workplace.
There was a radio interview with a comedian who was promoting their book, while I was driving through traffic. Made the journey go much quicker.
I had an easy work day.
My friend and coworker made me a cup of tea.
Getting into work to see that my coworker approved my trade shift request and left the signed form for me, this means I get my two days off next week for an impromptu vacation!
Broke up my garden spot with the tractor today. I'm always excited to plant new vegetables and I get pretty excited to play with the tractor too. I wish I could farm full time.
i made my favorite food and share it with my friends 
we have got a House in Lucky Dip to be organised by the Government, our family members prays the God and feels very very Happy
I was happy that my daughter made it home safely.
I talked on the phone with my sister, catching up on the news from her day and talking out future plans for the next few months. 
The dinner that my wife made, it was super delicious.
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE PICNIC.THAT TRAVEL WAS VERY BEAUTIFUL.THERE WE SAW  A LOT OF  WONDERFUL PLACES AND I RIDE A BIKE FOR THE FIRST TIME SO THAT WHOLE DAY WAS SO ENJOYABLE .
The news of entering the fourth round of the quiz made my old paralyzed father recharge smile and hugged me 
Conversation with my friend.
I saw an unusual bug on the way home.
I went to the coffee shop and they had the ginger scone that I like. Normally they are sold out by the time I get there.
My wife and I purchased some nice gifts for our parents.
My co worker/friend told me they got engaged.
i finally planned a week vacation for my family 
Yesterday evening I rode my bike after approximately 10 days because all these recent days I have been driving my newly purchased car only.
My passion is to draw sketches.Yesterday I sketched a beautiful woman.I kept in art exhibition.There everyone praised me for my talent.
i went to a movie yesterday with my family and that moment i saw a old man who is crossing the road at the time of crossing the road he made with an accident to him at that time the strange person helped an old man and he saved his life.
the event was i scored good mark in my graduation day and iwas the top scorer of the school
I ate some good sushi.
Playing basket ball for the first time 
Yesterday i went to shopping, I enjoy shopping! It is a nice way to spend some time. Can be social. It is always fun to try on clothes, see how they go together and plan future outfits.

It is also nice to see the new inventions they create. I watched aThe True Cost" that makes me question and despise a lot of things in shops now. I can't help but get drawn in sometimes though. The shops market things in such a way it's hard to not enjoy shopping.

They make us want to buy things to improve our lives and feel loved. We/I need to remember that they are only material things. New clothes and furniture won't really change how people feel about us, once they get past the initial judgements.
Got my salary in my account with hike%
I resisted the temptation to buy useless stuff online, and saved a decent amount of money. Being able to look past thing I don't need is a skill I've been working on, so the fact that I could say "no" this time makes me happy.
my husband appreciated me in my cooking. which makes me happy.
My sister who is staying abroad called me after a month.
One of the guys I took on as a novice let me know he was going to culinary school and gave me a small gift as a thank you for training him. 
Making a new video.
We had a wonderful discussion about our relationship, future, and goals, and things feel significantly better as a result!
I cleaned up my bedroom and it looks very nice. I'm happy to hang around in here now.
My sister came to meet me with her neighbor.
I went for a movie.
My father gifted me latest bike yesterday, very happy.
I played scrabble with my family.
Dancing and singing to the Trolls soundtrack with my son on the way home!
Listening to an odd assortment of music I had downloaded ("Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer" by Gene Autry; "We'll Meet Again" [mystical WWII song] by Vera Lynn; "Day By Day" from GodSpell [even though I'm agnostic, hate all religion] "I Can See Clearly Now" by Johnny Nash;
"Ripple" by The Grateful Dead; "Rain On A Highway" by Daughn Gibson; and CHOPIN's Piano Concerto #1.)
I was happy when I received an unexpected gift card in the mail yesterday for something I completed months ago. 
I found I liked the combination of miso soup ad a spoon of mashed potatoes mixed in.
The orange cake my mom baked, which was delicious beyond words.
I had a nice long walk with my dog. We met up with other dogs and their people and enjoyed some fun social time.
My dog jumped up on the bed and attempted to be the little spoon to my big spoon.
visited my besties house after long time
I cooked a really good meal, burgers with mushrooms and sweet potato chips for my wife.
Driving into the driveway and seeing the display of tulips on the mound that I planted made me happy. They keep coming back each year. How brave!
My neighbor came into my house for the first time today, and she kept complimenting me on my decorating. She asked me if I would help her decorate her house. 
Snuggling with my partner and my cats on the sofa.
Being able to stay in bed for a few extra minutes before getting up made me very happy.
I attended a drama show of Full funny comments and jokes
I found a pair of Nike shorts online for $8
i was happy when i was drinking my cofee this morning while whatching a few A(c)pisode of bojack horseman (an animated tv show).
Yesterday i went to comedy movie and enjoyed a lot and i was very happy because everyone enjoyed the movie.
Going to a Wilco gig. Theyare my favorite band. It was at the Roundhouse, and the sound quality was so good. I was also with my best friend in the world, so I think that was my happiest moment so
A student of mine did really well on an exam from taking my advice and studying hard.
I am constructing a new house. Yesterday I purchased a new motor to suck water and distribute to my entire building. It was very helpful....
I had a great day at work today. There was no stress or rush to complete assignments. It was pretty relaxing for a change.
I made a really good dinner and everyone liked it.
My program to go for a picnic with my family  is fixed. 
Another event that made me happy was being awoken by my dog affectionately. 
The rain stopped last night and I could go for a walk without getting wet.
today i met with my primary school friend, and we have decided that this Sunday we are going to forest tours.
The sister gave birth to a baby boy which made me very happy in the past 24 hours.
Yesterday, I got on the weight scales and saw that I had dropped 3 pounds.
I had pizza and veg burger
I was very happy to beat the second dungeon in the new Zelda game I have been playing. 
I ran into an old friend I had not seen in a few years.
I can think of a lovely surprise to share yesterday my last event.  Iam going to tell something what it was, where it happened and when, and then explain exactly why the unexpected happening made me so happy lest event, I really like last event in my life.
My youngest slept in longer this morning so it gave me a chance to get some things done around the house.  She has been waking up really early lately.
I happy today that I got to stay at a motel today and stay away from home.
Being in the gym by myself blasting my favorite music.
I completed a nine dollar task on Murk.
Relatives who live out of state came in for a surprise visit.
The third thing that made me happy was that i had a hair cut.
The book I ordered finally came.
I drew a superb rangoli which my kids liked.
I was complimented by both the principal and vice principal about how excited they were to now have me apart of their permanet team and not just a sub. Since I am a great teacher.
Purchased a Bicycle for exercising and keep my body fit.
I watched a really good movie about the drug trade in China and it had me on the edge of my seat and smiling.
I was much more social with my coworkers and it felt good to feel included.
Watching a poor guy smiling.
A cat gave birth to kittens in my apartment and they are really adorable. My kids love to play with them and cuddle them. That make me feel happy. 
I talked with a pretty girl at the pharmacy. 
I was able to sustain from drinking.
I received my paycheck a day earlier than I thought that I would.
My daughter found out she didn't have to go to a school event last night, freeing up my evening to just stay home.
My daughter snuggled in bed with me this morning
I sat down and actually found time to play guitar for over 4 hours.
My husband made me a meal and came to eat with me while I was working on school work.
I drank coffee that was hot instead of cold which is unusual with how busy I am!
I woke up this morning and remembered it's payday
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about me uncle's summer vacation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
My daughter giggling first thing this morning made me happy.  
I received a call from a longtime friend.
I taught my daughter how to do her taxes and she filed them with little assistance from me. 
It's Friday and I have absolutely nothing planned for today, I don't have to leave the house.
I was able to spend alone time with my oldest daughter yesterday, we went out to lunch and got to talk one on one which never happens.
I called my aunt to check on the injuries she sustained in a fall and learned that she is healing nicely and on schedule.
I remember yesterday I took the time out of my busy work day to have lunch with an old friend. An actually senior citizen retired friend. (I am 41).  It was nice to see him again and to make him feel worth someone's time. He was thrilled which in return made me happy. 
My son took me out for a burger
I received a free, professional massage at work. 
My father discharged from the Hospital today. After a week he became fine and discharged today. it was one the happiest moment i felt today. Great Friday.
LAST HAPPY MOMENT WAS WE ALL WENT TO A NEARBY BIRDS PARK. WITH THE FAMILY MEMBERS AND KIDS GOING TO THE BIRDS PARK WAS REALLY FUN. SEEN A VARIETY OF BIRDS, THEIR CHIRPING SOUND WAS REALLY VERY PLEASANT FOR THE EARS. ALSO SAW SOME UNSEEN BIRDS WHICH CAME TO THE PARK FOR BREEDING SEASON, IT WAS ALSO NICE. ALSO SAW FEW BIRDS HATCHING THEIR EGGS, FEW NEW BORN BIRDS WERE ALL FILLED WITH FUN AND HAPPY. SHOWING THOSE BIRDS TO KIDS WAS REALLY HAPPIEST MOMENT SINCE THEIR ENJOYMENT IN SEEING BIRDS WAS AWESOME. FINALLY THE FULL DAY WAS SPENT HAPPILY WITH FAMILY MEMBERS.
one day we went to a New year party function there is a lucky draw the winner get 2 grams gold. I am a winner in that show that  is a very happy moment.
calling my sister
What makes me happy is that I get to go shopping all day long!
I was able to figure out a problem I was having with data in a software program and run the analysis I wanted to conduct.
Received a phone call from the lawyer that I will be closing on our new house in a few weeks. Can't wait.
When I saw my wife back at home after leaving the hospital to do tests! She was happy to see me as I work over 1 1/2 hours away.
that day my girlfriend says her proposal. i pick her up and going outside with full of happiness.
My girlfriend and I got to relax once my stepson was asleep, was great to see her finally get to unwind with Greys Anatomy.
My friend sent me a nice text.
At work, I made a lot of progress on several of my projects that were previously on hold.
I was able to get completely caught up on laundry for our family of five.
i felt happy because i had earned 20$ dollars on mturk appying  short surveys
I had a lovely long sleep that made me feel refreshed and very content.
I realized that I had two $25 gift cards that I could use on anything, so I used them to get my internet bill out of the way and was very gratified.
I had some homemade oatmeal cookies for dessert. 
i attended my freind's marriage
I woke up this morning and looked at my calendar to see that it was Friday, and the start of a three-day weekend for me.
I have received my new freelance job payment this morning and this has also made me happy.
I read an online story about Disneyland showing pictures revealing the new Guardians of the Galaxy: Breakout ride. The pictures looked great and for a short time my thoughts were lost in Disneyland and wondering about the new ride and when I can next visit. Always feel happy when I think about my happy place.
I was able to take a long 2 mile walk in the park yesterday. The rain had stopped, but still cloudy and cool. I needed to get out and be in nature for awhile. The walk was calming, quiet, peaceful and serene. I felt content and happy. 
I went for a 20 minute evening walk around my neighborhood with my husband.
MY DOG'S EXAM AT THE VET TURNED OUT GREAT HIS KIDNEYS ARE WORKING FINE.
At work, after having battled with US customs officials over an important shipment they had on hold for nearly a week, I was finally able to negotiate its release without any penalties or duties assessed.  I was immensely relieved and happy to end the afternoon on a positive note.
I spent a few hours teaching my flatmate video editing with Premiere Pro and it brought back nostalgic memories of when I was a pro at doing it
Had meeting with office staff over lunch.
Buying a new tv for my den in the basement.
My husband and I booked a trip to Seattle and Portland for some hiking and sightseeing.
I was selected at my job to receive a a night out at the local bar.
I finished the last of my laundry and won't have to do any all weekend.
I met my goal on Mturk yesterday.
I spent time with my significant other.
I made a really good dinner for dinner last night.
I had a nice block of free time last night, and was able to get caught up on some housework
Today, I asked my boss if I could leave work a few hours early in order to travel and she said yes.
An order I made last week finally shipped out last night!
My work load picked up a bit, giving me more to do.
My husband and I cooked a new recipe together.
I was happy today, this morning, when I remembered that this is my day off work and I'm off work the next three days!
We decided to go out and buy a new charcoal grill.
I started watching a new show.
I was able to loan my mom money to help throw a better party for her husband's birthday and she was extremely grateful.
My knee stopped hurting. 
I watched "The View', my favorite tv show yesterday.
I saw this HIT was available; it's a good $/time ratio and usually is a mood lifter, thanks bros.
I usually eat in expensive restaurants. I spent more money than I can afford in the last few days. But yesterday I made it a point to go to a cheaper restaurant for dinner. And I did it and saved money. I felt so happy.
I got to go out to dinner with my wife, and we had a very pleasant evening together.
My seedlings have started to sprout!
while meeting a friend i laughed so much that my stomach hurt
I worked on a landscaping plan for my yard.
I went on a really pleasant bike ride.
I introduced my fussy cat to a new kind of treat that she really enjoys.
I received a call from a person I am currently dating and had a very good conversation and date set for tonight.
I ate dinner with my family and we had a really good conversation.
I had a great dinner last night.
i met a really good friend that i haven seen in a long time
I take care of my little garden where some small plants and trees are there. I was really happy to see the papaya tree started flowering. After few days I found small papaya on that tree. At last the day came when I was able to pluck the ripe fruit and eat it. This was the most wonderful moment since this was the first fruit of my garden. I felt happy to see a fruit in my garden. Awesome experience!
my mom gave a surprise gift and it look so beautiful
This event that that made me happy was when I received a haircut from the barber. Whenever I get a haircut it seems to boost my confidence level. So of course after I received the haircut and saw what it looked like in the mirror my confidence was boosted. this then caused me to become very joyous and happy.
sef ww et
I was able to buy a book on my wish list for a low price.
I started reading a new book.
It makes me happy that the weather today is warm, overcast and misty because it is a sign spring in here. 
baby gift was sent by a friend it was an expensive highchair.
My other neighbors announced that, after a year of searching, they'll be moving from their current rental into their own home.
Today i reached the earning from the online as i guessed within the time. This makes so happy of the time i see that earning in my webpage. Because it is the most important income for my future plans.
I was happy to receive two follows up on my summer job applications for potential interviews coming up.
I was able to sleep in past 5 am, and still have a few minutes to myself without children.
The moment we begin to fear the opinions of others and hesitate to tell the truth that is in us, and from motives of policy are silent when we should speak, the divine floods of light and life no longer flow into our souls.

Talked to a school friend after a long time.
I watched a person feed a stray cat in my neighborhood.  There is an abandoned garage that the cat lives in and this person takes car of the cat making sure it has food and clean water.  When I see little things like this, it makes me feel really good.
This amazing place we stopped for a late night snack.  The food was spend, however we did not eat too much and the food was wonderful!
The doctors at this hospital said that the baby is perfect and healthy.
I paid the rent for last month of the lease rent on my apartment. 
I had time to sit and read a good book.
I woke up in the morning and was in great health.
None of my friends have plans this weekend, so i might be able to not do anything at all this whole weekend which is pretty rare in my life.
The happiest moment in my life is when I passed my 10th
class and I reached my house where every body was 
celebrating . This is the happiest moment in life.
One of my families vehicles had to get some work on it and went to the shop.  We got it back last night, which takes some of the driving responsibility off my back.
I managed to run for 5 miles today. 
I sent an updated W-4 to my employer updating my tax withholdings to have the government withhold LESS of my taxes each month!
I talked to my sister.
Finding out my oldest son had a great report card and that his reading level rose three places in the trimester.
I snuggled with my boyfriend and slept really soundly.
Phone dropped, screen protection broke and the screen itself didn't make a scratch.
I completed a hard training class for work which will help me in the future.
I met a new neighbor that seemed really sweet.
I found twenty dollars in my coat pocket yesterday that I forgot I put in there. 
Buying paint to use on our house made me happy.
My sister and I did not have any major arguments. 
I came home from work and was greeted by my husband and our dog. 
I got a new CD in the mail and had a chance to listen to it yesterday for the first time.
I received my paycheck for the biweekly period.
I was able to make process on a project that I'm working with and have a productive conference call that brought clarity to an issue.
Everyone went to bed early so I got to stay up for a while and play some video games
I was happy when I got to go open my presents last night! 
I was able to watch a few episodes of my favorite TV show.
I had to get to work early to complete the month end report.  Traffic was relatively light as I drove to work.  I was a nice change to my usual commute. 
We got a lot of rain and my herbs are starting to come up after being dormant all winter
My girlfriend sent me an "I love you" text from work.
I bought a little flying dragon pet thing that follows my avatar around on GaiaOnline.
I made $40 extra dollars. 
I'm very happy today is Friday!
The market I go to buy fruits brought cheers to me as I found few fresh berries and apples along with other of my favorite fruits.
I talked with some friends about potentially starting a business together. 
I spent two hours doing volunteer work for an upcoming local film festival with a fun group of people.
I got to see my good friend for dinner
I played a video game and acquired an item in the game I really wanted.
We signed our son up for gymnastics.  I am so excited for him, he will be doing what he loves.
Being accepted as an Amazon Mechanical Turk worker yesterday made my day as now I can keep myself busy during down times at work and make extra money at it too.
I was happy yesterday spending the evening planning a trip to Disneyworld with my wife and taking our granddaughter
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was traveling to see my girlfriend that lives 6 hours away whom I haven't seen in a month.
My neighbor and I have decided to throw a block party so we can meet our new neighbors. 
My friend sent me an email to let me know about a weekend hiking trip he's organizing next month. I'm looking forward to going.
I came home last night to see that my roommate had done some of my laundry!
I bought my favorite gaming franchise that I have been waiting for. It is a gift to myself for all the hardwork. I have to pick it up this afternoon and I am over excited.
I woke up this morning and realized I got to drive to visit my boyfriend this weekend! 
Rewatched an episode of one of my favorite shows
My new phone arrived
I was working out yesterday and after the workout I was pretty happy.
GOt time to workout alone without any interrupting 
Mowing the grass, using that as some "me" time
I found out how much I'm getting for a raise and it's bigger than expected. 
I spent some time reading a book that I am really enjoying.
i cooked a new dinner for my husband and it made me happy that he really liked it, i was worried he wouldn't. but he loved it.
I ate a torta from this new mexican restaurant and it was the most delicious torta I have ever ate.
I, took a walk in the park.
My boss remarked at how my team had done a good job of fixing a lot of bugs in a new website we're about to launch at work.  It was very satisfying to get mentioned for a job well done.
We had mac and cheese for dinner
I made it to work on time this morning, despite having heavy rains and crazy drivers!
I went to a zoo in chennai. I saw a lot animals in the zoo. Every animal pranks with each other. It's amazing moments in my life.
I talked to my partner on the phone for a while.
My son hit an in the park homerun in baseball.
I think it's time to be happy again.
I was happy when my wife and I went to Ram's Horn to eat.
I made plans to travel in a couple of weeks.
I checked the fluids in my vehicle and made sure it was running ok.
when my mom said that she would be making my favorite, chicken salad, for dinner.
My students worked really hard in class this morning, and completed all of their stations work without me pestering them, or whining! 
On the way home, a bus was already at the stop so I was able to catch it right away and get home faster than usual.
My husband and I cuddled and fell asleep
I was able to problem solve and overcome an issue at work.
I was praised for all of my hard work and organization at my job. 
When my wife told me that she put down the toddler before I got home.
I talked to my mother on the phone.
My Birthday will be over in 1 hour and 20 minutes from now.

It was a great day indeed.

All my friends wished (bullied! to be precise) me with so much love and energy.
happy birthday, my love! I love you so very much! have a special day
I received a ring that I had ordered in the mail and got to wear it for a few hours.
This morning my girlfriend called me. She had stopped on her way to work and helped some baby armadillos get over a curb by the road they were trying to cross in order to follow their mother. The picture of this made me feel warm and I know she did a good deed.
My son had Autism and we take him to speech therapy in the morning time 4 times a week. This morning was the first time that the therapist said that he had made positive progress. 
I carried my team to victory in a game of League of Legends.
When I came to bed last night, my wife was asleep on her side of the bed.
I talked to a friend online about watching Major League Baseball's Opening Day together next Monday. 
I Calm because today is my birthday. Thank you so much dad.....
I worked on a project that will benefit people with disabilities.
Getting to take a long hot bath by myself.
We finished up with our schoolwork for the week and are off today!
My daughter gave me a hundred hugs and kisses last night before bed, being super snuggly and sweet.
Having a beer once I got home. It was very cold and refreshing. 
I had dinner with a lot of my cousins and other relatives.
My wife made a special dinner that I had requested.
I won concert tickets on the radio.
I was pleased with my daughter for making really good grades at school.
i go to shopping at the time i saw one blind person and i help  cross the road.
i woke up happy.
I was on a date with my girlfriend and spent the night at her place.
I was invited for my managers birthday party and i was happy as he considered me important
MY MOMS BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION SO I ENJOYED THE PARTY IN MY HOME
The moment that made me happy is I purchased a new ring for my girlfriend that moment made me happy.
Yesterday morning I got a good news that my cousin got a baby boy n I was so happy that she got a baby boy after 8years of her marriage 
I have tried different hair cut today and that style looks me fit well and may said "your hair cut is fantastic"  that moment made me happy.
I got home and the floor was cleaned, we had food in the fridge and I realized I could make small bits of money doing this.
This morning, I played with my nephew while getting ready for work.
When was the last time you stopped to do a big-picture assessment of your life and career  go to work-related events, taking a look at these priorities may tell you ... This will help you make small changes that can set you on the road to a ... changes you can make-again in the next 24 hours
i receive a package i had been expecting for a while
I bought a piece of chocolate candy that I love and ate it.
I was happy my family called to wish me a happy birthday.
An English Learner student of mine came up to me and said a complete sentence in English with confidence, and it made total grammatical sense!
happiness is the best part of my life, in fact, being happy is all we need. if you are feling happy. you'll love to let your friends and family know about. it is a wonderful feeling too, especially when you;ll realize that they are glad to see happiness and smile on your face. Maybe that's all they are looking for.
I went to my doctors and found out im having a boy and a girl in August.
I was happy today when I saw a TV that I wanted at a sale price online
Getting my Singapore residency renewed.
I talked to a friend I had not spoken with in months.
happiness is the best part of my life, in fact, being happy is all we need. if you are feling happy. you'll love to let your friends and family know about. it is a wonderful feeling too, especially when you;ll realize that they are glad to see happiness and smile on your face. Maybe that's all they are looking for.
I met my schoolmate after a long time.
I grilled a chuck eye steak for dinner, and it came out perfect & medium rare, just the way I like it.
One event that made me happy involved helping at my son's school carnival.
 Yesterday i went to shopping with my mom buying lot of  toys for my son....its create more happy and fun for me....
i had cleaned my toilet and made it neat and white.
I went to shopping with my friends, family. It is very joyful moment. I feel very happy because it is first different moment in my life. 
I came to meet my sister and attended the new month morning prayer in church. 
I made Parmesan bread bites for the first time and it was extremely similar to the ones from Dominoes and extremely quick with fast acting yeast!
i made breakfast to day
I found out I was invited to go to palm springs next week.
I was very happy yesterday as we all celebrated my daughters birthday at home.Many friends and relatives had gatherer to enjoy the function and we all had lots of fun
While I'm lying down on the sofa, My mother tickle me.... i was laughing.
While I am tiring on the sofa, my mother tickle me... I was laughing.
Today is my birthday. hope my birthday blossoms into lots of dreams come ture.
While I`m lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me....I was laughing.
The icing on the cake is that that boy belongs to a relatively poor and uneducated family living on my street. The very fact that he was trying to communicate with me with the little English that he had learned in school made my day.
Playing cricket with my nephew
I WENT TO MEENAKSHI AMMAN TEMPLE WITH MY FAMILY, SO I FEEL VERY HAPPY. 
I and My brother went long drive on bike yesterday after long days that makes me more happy.
A NEWS REGARDING MY SON -IN - LAW GOING TO CONTEST A WARD ELECTION AND A REPUTED PARTY IS READY TO MAKE HIM THEIR PARTY CANDIDATE MADE ME AND MY FAMILY VERY HAPPY
Had a barbecue at a friends house most of the day
i washed my car o day morning
MY BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION HELD YESTERDAY MADE ME VERY HAPPY.BECAUSE IT WAS MY FIRST BIRTHDAY WITH MY HUSBAND.IT GIVES ME A UNIQUE FEEL.
I was sitting alone at a table on the street and a friend saw me and joined me for dinner.
While I' m lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me.... i was laughing.
 I AM GOING TO MY SISTER MARRIAGE WITH MY FAMILY MEMBERS IN COIMBATORE.WE ARE VERY HAPPILY MOVING THE FUNCTION THAT EVENT IS VERY MEMORABLE MOMENT.
YESTERDAY MY FRIEND CALL FROM US. AFTER WE SPEAK MORE THAN TWO HOURS. THAT MOMENT I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
While I am laying on the sofa. My mother tickle me... I was laughing.

When I'm lying on the sofa, my mother tickle me..... I was laughing.
My girlfriend received notice that she qualifies for another scholarship.
While I'm lying on the sofa, my mother tickle me... I was laughing.
While I am lying on the sofa my mother tickle me I was laughing
When my wife got recover from their cough and cold 
My brother got into a good college abroad.
I was offered a cabin for my daily office work and i feel proud of the success The country head allotted or provided me the chair to sit in  the cabin.
Yes. Yesterday evening i met my director to plan about next weekend trip. He said please take care everything you only responsible for that trip. We should visit all of the places in that trip. So take care. Really I'm happy about this and responsibilities. He likes me that's why he given chance to take care that trip. Really happy. Thank you. 
Had a nice time yesterday evening at my friend's house. I met him after long time. A kind of weekend party with few drinks with some old memories
I am Playing with My children's during the summer vocation That moment made me happy.
I was able to have some time to myself today without any distractions.
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE HOTEL WITH MY HUSBAND. THAT MOMENT UNFORGETTABLE MOMENT IN MY LIFE.
What made me happy today is learning how to juggle more than 2 balls today. 
My amount earned total on mTurk broke 250 dollars so I'm a fourth of the way to getting my ebike.
I am Playing with My children's during the summer vocation That moment made me happy.
While i'm lying down on the sofa my mother tickle me... i was laughing.
I m very happy when i first time drive my own gifted car.
i brought a new mob today
I went to my favorite restaurant and ate a good meal.
I was really stressed out and instead of taking it out on my family I announced that I was going to go to the store to buy everyone ice cream.
I didn't get bugged by anyone for a whole entire day!
This morning i found out that I got a 98 on my accounting exam
Yesterday we celebrate my brother 28th birthday in my home down.We decorate our home very specially with lights&arrange veg&non-veg foods.My father present his 28th birthday R15 bike.we cut black forest cake,&ate some sweet items.We saw some places in our hometown with R15bike. Then we back our home.
So my daughters fight over just about anything, toys, crayons, clothes, you name it, they probably fight over it. Every now and again when I make something yummy, like cake or waffles, something sweet, my younger one, I always make her plate first or she will try to steal my older daughters food, will yell her name and take some of hers and share it. Today it was gum. I got some out and she wanted both pieces so I gave them to her with the intention of getting another piece out for my oldest and instead my younger started yelling her name and ran to her to give her the piece. It made me really happy, plus it was cute.
i went to outing with my partner.it was very happy
While I am laying on the sofa. My mother tickle me... I was laughing.
while i am lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me . i was laughing
while i am lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me . i was laughing
I checked my bank balance on my mobile app and learned there is substantially more money in my account than expected!
I completed my company project successfully today.
Watching death note anime.
I received compliment from a stranger.
i brought new cycle last night
I finally figured out a problem I had been having on a project at work. It had been keeping me from progressing for a week, so it was a huge load off to solve it.
I finished writing a lab report.  
MY HAPPINESS MOMENT IN YESTERDAY I WAS GOING TO THE TEMPLE IN CHENNAI .BECAUSE I DON,T FORGETTING THIS DAY 
I meditate for 1 hour in the morning this thing made me relaxed and happy.
My daughter finally became assertive with her pushy father; he demanded that she go fishing with him tomorrow and she told him that she would rather stay home and read. He then threatened her with extra chores if she didn't go with him. She said "So be it. I will do the chores."
I had a pleasant sleep longer than usual.

I was very happy this morning when I drank my cup of coffee.  I always get a venti white mocha from Starbucks in the morning before I begin my work and it typically lasts about 20 minutes and is absolutely delicious.
Today, I received a special incentive for successfully completing my project file and I was very happy.
A manager from a sister store told me that she remembered me because I was so kind and helpful and patient with her.
Last day, I enjoyed the event " Happy Color" with my friend  and I saw many beautiful girls 
MY HAPPINESS MOMENT  FOR YESTERDAY MY RELATIVE BIRTHDAY FUNCTION SO ,HAPPY DAY
I just began a new job that I am no qualified for yet, one of my supervisors who recommended me for it said she was very happy she did so. She also added I was picking the job up very quickly since I've had minimal training and walked into the workforce straight out of college graduation. 
I hit a royal flush in the casino.
My boyfriend called to tell me he was thinking of me and we talked for half an hour.
last night i meet my childhood friend ,that time i feel very happy and that day we are enjoy a lot.we went a movie and also dinner at restaurant.
i  got a gift from my husband. the gift was a red color watch which my husband ordered from online shopping. which makes me happy.
I went to a rodeo with my girlfriend and her roomates.  I had never been to one before and we had a great time talking and watching the events.
A student told me that I was his most favorite teacher ever.
Actually yesterday evening while i was browsing youtube. Suddenly after so many days i found a new video of my of most favourite old legendary wwe star, which made me feel very happy.
Got an offer yesterday from company i was chasing from long, so happy. 
I managed to make a sale of a large sum of money, which led me to have a very good profit.
I had a slice of chocolate overflow cake. It was delicious.
The look on my girlfriend's face when I gifted her a puppy. 
My son went to school after vacations, happily. 
 some of my relatives come home and enjoyable moments.
My husband sent me a text saying "good morning".
I am a computer professional. i was writing software program i tried in my own. But yesterday i got solution and got result for the program. I am very happy.
I purchased a modern dinning table and some chairs.
I had a really tasty snack of organic peanut butter on sourdough toast.
I got to catch up with a friend that I haven't seen in a long while.
I have a season record bet with a friend (Denver vs Knicks). It's near the end of the NBA season and I'm locked in to win (Knicks can't catch up to Denver).
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
THIS IS SEASON OF LENT AND MY DAUGHTER USE TO GIVE FOOD FOR 7 NEEDY PEOPLE EVERY WEEK NEAR THE CHURCH PREMISES AND YESTERDAY MY GRAND  DAUGHTER SIX YEARS OLD WHILE SHOPPING SHE BOUGHT SOME CHOCOLATES  AND SHE ALSO DISTRIBUTED THE SAME TO NEARBY CHILDREN AND SHE SAID THAT BY GIVING SOMETHING TO THE NEEDY ONE I SERVE TO THE LORD - THIS THOUGHT WAS NURTURED BY MY DAUGHTER MADE ME VERY VERY HAPPY BECAUSE I BROUGHT UP MY CHILDREN IN A GOOD WAY. 
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

I watched one of my favorite songs on TV last evening.
I thought we were out of cheese and really wanted a sandwich. I looked in the fridge to search for something else to eat and discovered that my husband bought a block of cheese. I enjoyed my sandwich.
I PLANNED TO CREATE A FLOWER SHOP IN MY HOME TOWN AND DEVELOP THAT INTO A BIG LEVEL NOW I HAVE FIVE SHOPS IN THE TOWN THIS IS THE BIGGEST HAPPY IN MY LIFE 
Completing a department project at work.
I brought new suit for my little son.
I got my paycheck.
I played tennis with a friend.
An event that occurred yesterday that made me happy was my son cracking his ridiculous jokes.
Long awaited foreign trip sanctioned by company where I am working 
My sister came back home after being gone for over a month to help a friend. 
I had a day off yesterday which gave me time to sleep in instead of waking up early for work. I was able to relax and not worry about any stresses in the environment. I woke up with enough energy to start the day productively. 
A friend of mine was on the verge of crying. She just threw herself at me, clutched at my clothes, and sighed with some relief as I held her tightly. I was overwhelmed she found comfort in my embrace.
happiness is the best part of my life, in fact, being happy is all we need. if you are feling happy. you'll love to let your friends and family know about. it is a wonderful feeling too, especially when you;ll realize that they are glad to see happiness and smile on your face. Maybe that's all they are looking for.
I solved a difficult puzzle.
I had a delicious multi-course meal, the best I have ever had. 
I received an order for some grilling equipment I had placed several weeks ago.
I spread mulch on my backyard garden-bed making it look fresh and beautiful for the coming Spring.
A smile never cost anybody anything and a day seems to go better when you are surrounded by colleagues that smile and are willingly to help you anytime or just to hug you when you are not feeling ok.If all the people around us would be open minded we would all have something to gain.
my phone was not working for the past 3 days. I tried to repair due to all the contacts were saved. Finally I planned to buy one new phone, which was additional cost for me. But suddenly my phone started working. It made me so happy.
My daily help was thinking about quitting work at my place, but she had second thoughts as she got fired at another place and she will keep working at my place; that's one less thing to worry about.
I bought a new lenovo laptop today 
My sister surprised me with my favorite meal when I came home from work.
Last night my all friends arranged a surprised party for me on my birthday occasion its a happiest event for me.
My daughter took my Christmas tree down so it wouldn't be up on April Fools Day. 
i WAS GETTING BORED LAST NIGHT AND THEN ONE OF MY FRIEND CALLS ME TO COME AT HIS PLACE AND THEIR WAS ONLY HIM WITH BEER.
YESTERDAY MY BOYFRIEND CAME TO MY HOUSE AFTER A LONG TIME.THAT MOMENT MAKES ME VERY HAPPY.AND HE GAVE A ROSES THE SYMBOL OF LOVE.
I was gifted a laptop by my dad. As I came back home after playing soccer, I was presented with a laptop gift wrapped. My dad hugged me and said that I deserved this because I've been an awesome son. This made me extremely happy.
I got a gift today from a lucky coupon taken by me.
The speakers I've ordered online has arrived yesterday.
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
My wife gave birth to a baby boy and this made me happy.
I went on a romantic date with my girlfriend.
When my Son called me up at work to tell me how much he loves me and misses me. 
My friend came and got me to go to a club meeting, telling me my other friends were waiting for me.
I had my cheat meal day yesterday,i had all the foods whatever i needed.I was so happy and felt very satisfied like achieved everything.
I baked the cake I planned to make. The frosting turned out perfect even though I was worried it wouldn't. 
My baby niece finally said she loves me.
I ENJOY A DAY LOT BECAUSE MY FRIEND BIRTHDAY. SURPRISED MY FRIEND AND HE ENJOYED THE LOT.
Yesterday morning my wife got heavy headache, we went to doctor just for a normal check-up for the reason being headache. As we didn't expected, doctor said that my wife is pregnant due to dehydration she is having headache. That time i felt so extremely happy. 
When my little daughter bought me biscuits at tea time.  
I found out that this March, for my first month of part time online work, I had earned enough to pay half our rent.
I went out to eat with my husband and son and the whole experience was positive.
My sister came home after a year..
My son graduated to level 2 in his gymnastics class yesterday. 
I helped my sister-in-law in looking after her child yesterday and she told that she is very much happy and thanked me. This  incident made me happy.
Today my mother cooked a new dish that she never ever tried it before she cooked it.She was working on it for about 2 hours and finally when I was hungry, the dish got ready to be served.When I ate it I felt that I was eating something from costly dish from international level restaurant.Wow,the dish was really amazing I was very happy to start the day with the new dish.
I completed a project yesterday and submitted it today
Going to have pizza with one of my new friend in college. It was fun, we spend some quality time
My girlfriend came into the room and wanted to give me a blowjob.
the colleague who been rude to me for task completion , later he called me for party to told bro i just screwed only for submission .
told a sorry and said it was management . 
I enjoyed final of my favorite reality show yesterday.
I went to the store and they actually had the ice cream they are always out of. I have been craving it for weeks so was an awesome little moment.
I worked on a project and was very proud of my work but reading that people on my team appreciated what I did really made the difference.
Today I booked a new flat for my child ! This decision was made today after a lot of homework !!
I go to my family house because it's the holidays
My son came home and told me his team won second place in their dodge ball school competition. 
My friends and family members arranged my birthday party at beach, its amazing moment in my life . I feel very happy
My boys were off from school today and I got to spend the entire day with them.
After being sick, I am finally back to near 100%.
I woke up about 1 hour earlier than usual this morning and started the day with Bible reading and prayer and went for a walk. I felt joy.
I finished spreading fertilizer on my lawn
I got the big discount on my internet pack and calling pack.
My wife got Government Job
convocation certificate for my son from his kids park school....just now we went for that...we both very happy
have a beer with best friend
YESTERDAY MY DAUGHTERS SISTER CAME TO MY HOME TO STAY AFTER A LONG PERIOD OF SCHOOLING, NOW ITS HER VACATION TIME AND WE ALL ARE VERY HAPPY TO HAVE HER HERE AND WE ARE ENJOYING VERY MUCH WITH HER
My girlfriend suggested we'd go hit a bar, adn we haven't been there for a long time and I really like the atmosphere there.
I got a promotion at my work. I am very happy
my daughter exams will be completed on 5th so we decided to visit a tour.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
It made me happy to get a compliment on the songs I had sung the night before.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I went to yoga class.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
While I am lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me. I was laughing.
When I woke up this morning before the alarm clock going off, there's some satisfaction about waking about early without the alarm clock, it makes it feel less of a chore.
My happiest moment is today as my daughter has won the first prize in the essay writing competition.
My friend came to my home.
A new season of a show I like became available on Netflix, and I didn't know it was coming.
To get the chance of watching my favorite movie.
I went to pick my younger sister from the airport and it had been 3 years since we've not met. i was so happy to meet her after so long.
In the morning when I finished my presentation for my boss and he said to me that it was excellent.
I went over several photos with a friend to decide which ones to enter into a contest and it made me happy to be with my friend and hear positive feedback about the photos.
My comic book issues I ordered came in the mail.
Finding out that my sister is coming to visit in the US made me happy.
Attended Yoga classes in the morning. Learnt Pranayama.
I had made a complaint about a product I had ordered and they sent me extra complimentary products.
I brought a new pair of headphones
I went for a journey, which I had been planning for years ,that just made me happy.
The guy who I'm interested in finally responded to my text message. I was so happy to see that he wasn't ignoring me.
I went to the club with my friends to pick up some ladies. It was funny because while my friend was trying to pick someone he got slapped but it was really fun and nice by the end of the day.
I went to a judge a barbecue cook off and got to taste a lot of good food, which last night was fajitas.
watched my favorite actor's movie
My moms friend picked my grandson up from school ontime.  
My boyfriend text me and said a stubbly man had kissed him and it was very spikey.
I met my friend for lunch.
I went to a massage parlor and had an hour long massage.
Bought mangoes after long time
I received free tickets to my favorite basketball team's game from a friend at work.
Started reading a good book. (A dog's purpose)
My wife kiss me today morning that make me sooo happy
Saw Ghost in the Shell.
I received my salary
An event that made me happy was the birthday party for my niece, who turned 2 this past Monday. 
I purchased a pair of hockey tickets for me and my father to attend a game in which they will be celebrating fathers and daughters. 
I had a lot of work yesterday, so that meant lots of money.  
My mother and her boyfriend came over to my house to spend time with my son and I.
Saw a lizard while on a hike. First lizard I have seen this spring. It felt like spring was really here.
An event that made me happy was my daughter telling me that my 4 year old grandson who took forever to potty train and still wears a diaper at night actually woke up dry two days in a row.  He told me that he got candy as a reward.  My daughter also told me that since he knew he was going to get candy for staying dry he told her he was dry when he really wasn't.
I texted with a member of the opposite sex that I am attracted to.
I set up some speaker stands and then watched a movie
I finally moved everything into my new house
One hours laughing
I Was Very Happy to see my Daughters Reaction Today Morning When We Gave Her The Most awaited Birthday Gift Of Her Choice She Was More Than Happy.
I was into running to reduce weight for the last 75 days, and today I could easily fit into a jeans pant which I had bought in the year 1999.
The day with my wife
I took my dog for a walk in the sunshine. It was good exercise that both me and my dog enjoyed.
Im happy has my boyfriend told me he would visit soon, he lives out of state
I had a nice chat with my sister today. 
Compete with friends in a karting track
I got star ranking in National service scheme and going to participate in the special event hosting by the minister.
I made my daily goal on money earned on mturk!
It was payday- I'm always happy to get my paycheck because I'm out of money by the end of the cycle.  Now I can go grocery shopping!
I ordered my favorite burrito from my favorite restaurant and it was DE-LISH!
I received my first fountain ink bottle in the post this morning, and opening the package was a nice experience - happy and exciting.
Wayanad is one of the most popular hill stations in Kerala and has a lot to offer for the visitors in terms of natural beauty in the form of hills, valleys, lakes and much more. I am sharing my recent travel experience to Wayanad.
While returning from our vacation in Ooty, we chose to drive via Gudaloor and spent a few days in Wayanad. Along with Munnar, Wayanad is considered as one of the best hill station destinations in Kerala. While going to Ooty, we drove from Kochi via Coimbatore and there was nothing much exciting in the travel other than the pleasant hills awaiting us! But the return journey was amazing. The drive from Ooty to Wayanad via Gudaloor can't be described in words. You must drive that route to enjoy the real beauty of nature in south India.

After enjoying a drive of about 4 hours through the mist and enjoying the beauty of nature to its best, we reached Lakkidy, which is considered to be the gateway of Wayanad. Lakkidi is a small town along the national highway and is located just above the Wayanad Ghat Pass (Thamarassery ghat) and is the first place after you enter in to the boundary of Wayanad.
One interesting thing I learnt during my visit to Wayanad was, there is no specific town called "Wayanad". Instead, a large area of hills, valleys, villages and towns together are called Wayanad, which is politically called as Wayanad district. While driving from Ooty to Wayanad, we were asking for directions to Wayanad and different people showed us different directions since all those places were part of Wayanad. 

During our visit, we stayed in The Wayanad Gate Hotel for a night and we really enjoyed our stay there. Read my review of Pepper Wayanad Gate Hotel and see how we liked the place. Also, check out the budget resorts in Wayanad, where you can experience a little bit of Wayanad within the property itself.
I took the day off and watched my favorite movie in bed.
The weather was wonderful today, nearly 65 degrees and sunny all day! Didn't need a jacket and I got to roll down my windows in the car.
I had a work celebration for completing a project that I worked on for 6+ months.
Purchased a Bicycle for exercising and keep my body fit.
Yesterday i went to met my uncle he served me with my favorite sweet and this made me very happy and it reminds me of my childhood memories which he used to give me whenever i use to visit him.
today morning enjoyed cool climate in front of our house with my family members
Today morning. got delivery of My new bullet bike which was my life dream. I used to take my kids roaming around the city in the new vehicle .I am enjoying this happy moment along with my family.
I had a good discussion with members of my small group and watched a thought-provoking video.
I was able to leave work early for the weekend.
I earned a new ranking in one of my favorite video games.
Yesterday evening my godson came over to visit me and we had some beers, talked and jammed a little bit with our guitars. It was very nice and I felt really happy that he took of his time to pay me a visit and share some quality time.
Went to watch movie with my friend after a long time.
I thoroughly trained my coworker on some new processes, and she thanked me graciously and also communicated her praises to my boss.
i celebrated my parents 25th anniversary and all event cost was spent by me this makes me happy
I had a pain in my arm which is a repeat of a chronic problem, I was made happy by the realization it is only intermittent, rather than constant.
today i dodged a bullet and i watched american horror story and it thrilled me and made me really happy more than anything i m just happy
Last night it made me happy when my son selflessly shared his snack with his sister.
My neighbor came over to share good news about their family.
My friend brought donuts for me while I was at work. 
The moment my daughter went and sat on the potty all by herself made me happier than ever.
yesterday i have attended one hour meditation program and now i am very happy to meditate properly
I got a new washer and dryer
My colleagues fell from chair in funny manner nothing harm.
Something very small but yet held so much meaning to me, my nephew who lives in NJ ( I live in LA) facetimed with me and showed me his "first" steps and said hi aunt manda....it made my heart smile...that he knew who I was even though we've only formally met 2-3 times.
I was given a packet of six donuts.
Last night I took my boys to the store and we just had a good time. 
Wondering if reincarnation exist. Night before last something happened that made me think of it.
When I got home from work yesterday I could see my cat sitting in the window waiting for me. I felt so loved! He is the last face I see when I leave my house and the first to greet me when I get home!
I went to see my favorite band sing songs for an hour
It made me happy that my girlfriend and I were able to leave for a beach vacation today.
I played Yahtzee, a computer game, with my husband, that's our Friday night date night.
We are going to Goa for our vacation. Tickets confirmed.
I went beer tasting with a few friends after work
A friend remembered that yesterday was a holiday called "Hug a Medievalist Day," and, because I'm a medievalist, she gave me a hug; it was a surprise to have it remembered and nice to receive a hug.
I decided to drive to a nearby mountain after work instead of going home and I went on a 3 and half hour long hike up the mountain. Just me alone with nature, I refrained from the main walking trail so I didn't even see another person the whole time.
Making dinner for my fiancee
My husband and I had a date afternoon yesterday.
I saw a Loon as I was taking my afternoon walk along the Wisconsin River. 
It was a seemingly small event. I had completed a couple of hours of studying for my pharmacy technician certification, feeling accomplished and thus happy.
I got my salary.
I got same design dress for me and my daughter
CELEBRATING A BIRTHDAY PARTY GO TO HOTEL,CINEMA AND PARK I'LL ENJOYED
I got 2 movie tickets for April month from my credit card that moment made me feel happy.
In the past 24 hrs I attended my school reunion n met all my school friends . It was a superb party n reunion u remember your old school time 
Today, I wore a new dress and that too is very nice and that fits me well and I got many good reviews from many people surrounding me and that moment made me happy.
I was at work and my co-worker told me that our boss said I was valuable to him and the store, I wasn't even scheduled when he said that.
When I took my class to lunch, they were actually well-behaved.
The large portion of your happiness that you control is determined by your habits ... It won't make you happy on its own; you have to work to make and keep ... Technology has exposed us to so much and made the world so much smaller. ... down to it, you have the same 24 hours in the day as everyone else.
my phone fell on the floor and it did not break
I found an eyeliner pencil at a store that I had been wanting to buy.
My husband took me out to dinner for my birthday.
My husband and I had a delicious dinner with my godsister whom I had not seen in a few months.
This is the happiest moment of my life. Being born here, i could never imagine this university actually existing.
I chose names for my twin boy and girl.
 I was happy today to hear from my cousin who lives in New Mexico    
When my developer told me about a product he worked on last year that already started generating revenue.
I cleaned my desk and it looked like new again.
I think it's time to be happy again.
I am happy that my child is awarded as a young scientist.
I got to leave work an hour early today.
An event that made me happy in the last 24 hours involved having a nice dinner out with my family.
2 hours before i bought apple i phone ....this is more and more happiest moment....
i had given my sister  a bag of chocolates.
Yesterday my mother birthday celebrate at beach, . I feel happy because I select that place for celebrate. 
My friend appreciated my speech in a seminar yesterday and hope I may get another chance.
I got an extra bonus from an Amazon Turk assignment/hit. 
i played in piano to day
My friend came over and we went out to the movies together.
Just the way he said it cheered me up. I couldnat stop smiling for the rest of the day!
It was a delightful day yesterday as we got to visit a far away temple early morning with our close friends and i was really happy
When i am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care."


When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cube smile and say. "Have a nice day and take care"
happy birthday, my love! I love you so very much! have a special day
When I am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me aI donat know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this mucha
Just the way he said it cheered me up. I couldnat stop smiling for the rest of the day!
Visiting my grandpa after a long time.
I WENT TO FILM MY FAMILY MEMBERS AND FAMILY FRIENDS SO I AM VERY HAPPY.
Yesterday, I went for movie with my parents that is my first enjoyment with my parents make me more happiest moment
A MEDICAL BILL WHICH I SPEND FOR TREATMENT OF MY WIFE REIMBURSED TO ME AND THAT AMOUNT CREDITED IN MY BANK ACCOUNT MADE ME HAPPY.
Had an interview this morning and moved onto the next step of the hiring process
My wife had a hair appointment today.  Her hair dresser had been led to faith in Christ by my wife years ago.  Her hair dresser told my wife that the Bible that my wife gave her years ago is so filled with notes in the margin that she had to get another Bible, but that one is now displayed in her home for all to see.
THE GIFT OF MY BIRTHDAY MADE ME HAPPY.NO MATTER HOW DOES THE GIFT WORTH,IT IS BECAUSE THE GIFT PRESENTED BY MY HUSBAND.
I realized I had a bit more money in my bank account than I thought.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say " Have a nice day and take care"
PAST 24 HOURS IN THE HAPPY MOMENT BECAUSE AM SEEING MY COLLEGE FRIEND RAMYA VERY ENJOYING THAT EVENT
when I am getting to go to my office. my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE HOTEL WITH MY WIFE. THAT MOMENT UNFORGETTABLE MOMENT IN MY LIFE.
When I am getting ready to go to my office. My parents send off with cute smile and say " Have a nice day and take care.

When I am getting to go to my office. My parents sent off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care".
I mailed a letter to an old friend. 
When I was getting to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say ''Have a nice day and Take care''.
When I am getting ready to go to my office my parents send off with cute smile and say Have a nice day and Take care"
When my house ready to possession with my family
My 2 month vacation started yesterday.
My reporting manager and colleagues applauded me for my performance and every one appreciated my  efforts.
My niece has won quiz event at her school. She is at my house this morning to show her prize and I am just happy with her.
I prepared a variety of foods like snacks . My children's liked to eat that snacks very much and wished me as a good mother.
I finished re-reading a great book from my youth today. 
WHEN I AM GETTING READY TO GO TO MY OFFICE. MY PARENTS SEND OFF WITH CUTE SMILE AND SAY "HAVE A NICE DAY AND TAKE CARE".
What made me happy is teaching my nephew how to read a book . 
I finally fried an egg and flipped it without using a spatula to turn it over.
I prepared a variety of foods like snacks . My children's liked to eat that snacks very much and wished me as a good mother.
While i'm getting ready t go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
i m very happy when we go to a water park on first summer of this vacation.
i celebrate my parents wedding day yesterday
I watched a good movie with one of my favorite actors.
I was able to take my son out to buy new shoes.  I'm happy to have money to be able to do this.
I figured out how I want to finish my current crochet project.
My best friend brought me a cupcake and chipotle
MY Grand father&Grand mother came our home evening at 6.30pm.My mother prepare idli&dosai they ate dinner and drink some apple fruit juice.30 minutes they watch television CNN news.Then they went to bed taking rest. 
Oh! So our furnace is pretty old and at first it wasn't working at all and the handyman fixed it but then we noticed that it was making a really weird sound so he came back today and it turns out that it needs a new motor. After some talking with the owner of our house the decision was made to just buy us a new furnace! That made me really happy because this one has a bunch of old insulation and to be honest I am too scared to even turn it on, so soon we will have heat!
i complete my projects successfully.it was very proud my life
When I am getting ready to go to my office. My parents send with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
when i am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "  Have a nice day and Take care" 
when i am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "  Have a nice day and Take care" 
I wrote a clever tweet that was liked by a lot of people who follow me.
I purchased a new car today.
Listening to music.
The dog training paid off and my dog did not show any aggression toward other dogs on our walk.
i brought new watch to day morning
I went to eat hamburgers at my favorite burger restaurant, and it was delicious! A very nice treat
I received some money from mechanical turk.
BEFORE 7 DAYS VERY HAPPY MOMENTS,BECAUSE I FINISHED TYPE WRITING EXAM IN DISTINCTION.
I read a book at morning which was inspiring it boost my self confidence and happiness...I made me happy.
I was able to make an $800 repair on my truck by myself and it only cost me $89 in parts. 
I got extra talktime credited to my phone number by my operator.
I was very happy when my favorite basketball team, the Cleveland Cavaliers, finally won a game.
I went out for dinner with my wife and spend a leisure time with her and I am happy.
My boyfriend booked a hotel for us to stay in as an anniversary gift.
A party last night made me happy after I and my team had won medal football 
YESTERDAY I WAS GOING TO THEATER IN CHENNAI .THIS VERY HAPPY MOMENT FOR LIFE 
I received a call from a student in need and I was able to successfully address her situation and move on with our day. 
I made the trip, going and coming, in record time to and from the casino.
Today I worked with my favorite co-worker, who I hadn't seen for more than a week.
in last night me and my childhood friends celebrates a party in outside of city,that day For the first time, I felt a strong urge to kiss this little fairy child. She was so beautiful and adorable that I thanked God for the gift.
i prepared a new dish  today. my husband likes it very much. which makes me happy.
I got a good grade on a test that I had been studying hard for several days for.
My almost two-year old daughter started using the phrase "you're welcome" appropriately.
Received bonus from my company yesterday, feeling good.
I went out to walk, exercise to the park next to my pet, and I got an old friend from childhood.
I was able to watch Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, a movie I have been wanting to see for months.
When my girl made me breakfast in bed  
I resist alcohol for 4 days now.
we went beach and play some funny game.
My son explained that he was eating so much because he is a "snatcher snatcher".
When i went to purchase a new thing on the street. One of the thief tried to burgle a store from the back side. I informed to the near by people. They caught the thief. The shop was protected. 
Today I see one of my old friend and remembers some old days events.
I finished up a week-long project today.
I got to a new level in the game I like to play.
My company finally approved the travel funds for my upcoming business trip to Atlanta.
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.[3] Since the turn of the millennium, the human flourishing approach, advanced particularly by Amartya Sen has attracted increasing interest in psychological, especially prominent in the work of Martin Seligman, Ed Diener and Ruut Veenhoven, and international development and medical research in the work of Paul Anand
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.

I had a complete full night undisturbed sleep after a week.
We have been searching for homes in a particular neighborhood. Unfortunately, there are very few on the market and most seem to be out of our price range. Today, our real estate agent sent us a new listing in that neighborhood that is in our price range and has all the attributes that we are looking for in a home. We go to see it tomorrow morning.
The owner of the company I work for taking my husband and me out to dinner in celebration of project completion.
My wife brought fish tank along with six fishes.
I got free pizza in my marketing club.
I took a nice nap.
An event that occurred yesterday that made me happy was that my kids both earned an award today at school.
My wife's sister got good results in her degree course for her hard work
The cat was enjoying being petted while he lay on his back and he curled up and covered his face with his paw. 
The weather was warm, clear, and sunny a few days ago. I was able to ride my motorcycle throughout the streets and highway. I dont have the privilege to ride every time due to changes of seasons.
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me aI donat know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this mucha
I think it's time to be happy again.
I enjoyed a relaxing drive home from work.
It snowed today for the first time in a few months.
I assembled a wall shelving unit.
Have you ever experienced something so incomprehensible that the only words you could muster up go something like, there are simply no words to describe?a Or: Have you ever tried to name or define an object or concept and discovered that nothing in that dictionary you carry around in your skull matches? Well, thereas a word for that: ineffability.
My outdoor-living cat kissed me with a lick on the cheek for the first time after I gave him a treat. 
One of the most counterintuitive pieces of advice I found is that to make yourself feel happier, you should help others. In fact, 100 hours per year.is the optimal time we should dedicate to helping others in order to enrich our lives.As opposed to actually taking a holiday, it seems that planning a vacation or just a break from work can improve our happiness.

Long day attending meeting i was super bored, surprisingly my boss called me and took me out off office for icecream party. I was happy for the ice cream that was offered by my boss.
My son has some issues over stream selection post Grade 10 and the school was going to conduct another test for two subjects; the class teacher rang to inform us he will be tested only in one subject and he did well in the remaining subjects. That's a relief, as he worked hard and studied without distractions the past few months.
We went to  theater and watch a comedy film. 
I played with my rabbit.
Today early morning my family give me surprise gift that is byk its a great happiest moment for me.
My son learned how to ride his hover board by himself and express self pride for figuring it out. 
YESTERDAY I MY BOOS APPRECIATE ME 
TODAY I DRIVE MY CAR AND GOT LICENCE AFTER A FEW ATTEMPT.THAT MOMENT I FEEL CONFIDENT AND VERY HAPPY.
I scored a direct free kick in a soccer match against some guys from the other neighbourhood. I was practicing it in my yard for months and atlast I was able to bend it like Beckham! It was really pleasing and I was really happy.
After passing the driving test and drive the car alone first time today.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
My favorite team in the NBA won with a margin of eleven points against their rival.
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
When my mother made a surprise visit bringing with her my favourite fruit cake and marzipan.  
I found out my friend received the package I sent her a few days ago, and she said she really liked it.
I had completed a task successfully yesterday in office,my superior praised me,felt very very happy and satisfied.
My gift recipient was very, very happy with their gift. 
Had just enough money to cover my bills.
I WAS PRESENT ONE GIFT TO MY FRIEND AND SHE WAS SAW A GIFTED AND SHE JUMPED AND FEELING HAPPY.
As i shared the information to my family and friends about that i gonna be dad.. everyone wished me. That moment i was very happy. 
When my spouse cared for my needs and did all household chores knowing I was unwell. 
We have just finished paying our past-due bills and we are now up-to-date on all of our accounts.
My husband and I planted cucumber seeds in our ever growing garden together.
I have completed my work target
My husband made me dinner last night. 
my nephew asked me to get doll eyes for his project and i searched in my home and i got some beads looking like doll eyes and i gave to him . I helped him in his projects. My nephew felt much happy
After a long workout today I decided to check my body weight and I was really amazed to see that I put on some muscle and gained some weight.I felt proud of my hardwork and very happy to seem myself gain weight.
My neighbor who works abroad is back home. He gave us some sweets.
Talk to my crush.. it was totally a different experience. Adrenaline is rushing in my blood, heart pumping hard. And there i go to talk to HER
I got a good drop in my video game.
since i was in party my i got late and roommate called me in cell and told when you are coming food for is ready and said come fast .
i felt home
My best friend gave us a treat yesterday.
I got surprised by a friend who brought me lunch. I had been little down so it cheered me up.
My kids jumping on me and grabbing my legs
I was passing through the busy road and saw a dog sitting feeble at the end of the road.I felt he was sick.he couldnt walk .I bought a bun and fed him.He wagged his tail and i think he showed gratitude and I felt very very happy!
I see my best friend this morning
My cat cuddled with me this morning in bed right next to the dog and he hardly ever does that.
After four years, i met my friend at shopping place, i cannot believe this. i feel very happy to see my friend.
This question is the same as question #1. How many happy events can there in the space of just 24 hours? I believe this to be unrealistic.
My son cleaned the kitchen without being told to do so.  Apparently the beating have worked.  :-)
Now that I am feeling well, I felt well enough to go out for Chinese food for lunch.
I played a phone prank on my dad and a friend.
I felt happy and laughed.
I received an email from an old friend.
I am going to my home town to visit my parents and friends today.
Marriage of my Cousin
yesterday my son ride my bike its made me happy
win a jackpot in casino slot
YESTERDAY I HAVE DECIDED TO BUY A COW TO HELP MY CULTIVATION PURPOSES AND I TOOK THE DECISION AFTER A LONG PERIOD OF THINKING AND NOW I AM VERY MUCH HAPPY WITH THAT
My girlfriend brought me breakfast to bed, while I was still sleepy it was a pleasant and tasty surprise.
I went on a trip with my school friends and enjoyed a lot.
so we are very anxiety to go for a trip with the family 
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO YOGA
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
It made me happy to see my cat waiting for me on the driveway when I got home from the Dance.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I went to shopping.
I WENT TO MOVIE
When I am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say Have a nice day and Take care.
When I went for a run early this morning, everything was quiet and I felt great afterwards.
My happiest moment was when my wife baked my favorite chocolate cake after breakfast.
My father gave one gift for me. 
My FitBit was lost, and I contacted customer support, and they replaced it for free!
Feel accomplished with all my task for the day.
my neighbor's dog and i became friends. 
In the afternoon, I felt hungry and I could eat an instant soup.
Get Together with My old Classmates.
Leaving senior secondary school was a great pain for me, But the time goes we forget each other. no contacts, turn into a new live. No memories. Some of them engaged with new life, some may still here killing time. after along time we met together. And this rejoining erase the years as a moment. After all we are there were belong to. There is no such happiness to be happened in my life. 
I went to a going away party for a coworker with other coworkers and was happy socializing with them.
Famous youtuber retweeted my tweet.
I don't have time work OT saturday so .adequate me extremely happy.
Cleaned my laptop of all the clutter. It is running really fast now.
I saw people taking their children out to play after so long, which is so rare these days.
I talked to my friends.
I met my old friend after such a long gap, we had such a good time together, I just had a very happy moment.
I took a really refreshing nap and my cold symptoms went away
I went bowling with my girlfriend, I don't know how but she kept getting strikes, but it was nice to talk about her and just relax while bowling.
I had a good workout, one that if felt hurt me good.
purchased a new footwear
I got several good hits on the computer.
Woke up 5:45, Meditated, cooked a healthy breakfast, worked on things I love, went to the gym, cooked a healthy dinner and slept peacefully. Repeat!
I had a really nice breakfast - coffee and a bagel after a week of porridge.
I played tennis with my son this morning.
My cousin came in the morning and got some chocolates for me to eat which we ate together
Received my salary as well the annual bonus
I was able to ride public transportation to work and home for free due to the bus change collector being broken which saved me at least 8 bucks.
Got to try some good ramen at a new ramen place in the city.
Spent a few hours with a woman I like a lot.
My husband kissed me
Watching the Women's Final Four basketball game between the previously unbeaten UConn Huskies and the Mississippi State Bulldogs made me cheer several times during this hotly contested overtime game.
I watched the National Women's Hockey team shut out Canada in their preliminary  game of the tournament after a lengthy equality that ended well for them. 
I cleaned out the kitchen.
being with my b/f and cooking great meals and watching good movies
My son wanted to sit in my lap and cuddle while we read books.
Having a cup of coffee. It was a long day and the kids were acting up. I was under-slept, so I made a cup of coffee, and it was so hot and soothing. It made me feel cozy.
my family members are going to exhibition very enjoyed .that movement with my kids.
My 8 year old grandson is excited about going to Benihana for my annual birthday dinner.  He loves the soup they serve and he is already trying to figure out what he wants off the menu.  We have gone every year and we always take him with us.  We always get our picture taken together, we love the memories.  It tickles me because he absolutely LOVES the soup and that is his main thing when he thinks about Benihana.
I ate some gummy bears.
My wife told me that she loves me.
I had a constructive meeting with my boss.
A dog afraiding with cat.
I Was Very Happy When My Husband Cooked My Favorite Chicken Biryani For Lunch Today It Was Very Tasty.
I repaired the audio system connected to my computer, which was not working for the last three weeks, by reading articles over the internet.
The day with my mom
I scheduled one more tour for my upcoming trip to Paris. 
Happy as it stopped raining 
I had a long and hot shower this morning which was very relaxing. 
Go out to a club to dance salsa
I won in the district level tennis tournament which was held in chennai.
My daughter cooked my son's favorite dinner. It was really nice to see him so happy. however mac n cheese and grilled cheese is a lot of cheese!
I had my taxes done and I'm getting a refund. It's a great feeling to know that the government is going to give you back some of your own money.  And now I can get a few things I've been holding off on.
I met a friend and her kids at the park.
For the first time in my life I was able to manage to study 10 hours a day and the sense of accomplishment and happiness I felt was great.
I cooked and ate my favorite breakfast, uninterrupted.
I won a game of Magic the Gathering online, and that doesn't happen too often!
I got to eat fries with melted cheese on them.
Purchased a New Television for watching TV programs in home.
in the morning my sister call me and surprised me that she are coming at my house with his family. I love my sister and she always come with many gifts for me and my family.
Yesterday i took my spouse to our favorite resturant and we had dinner and i was very happy because it was a very long time i took out her for shopping and dinner together.
designed attractive cover image with my cousin to improve our company google plus profile views
My son's result was announced. He got good marks and scored 1st rank in his class. Since I used to teach him in the evenings , his achievements are like my achievements and I used to convey this message to all my kith and kins with full of joy and happy.
I was able to get everything marked off my to-do list.
I got a new character in a game that I was playing that I needed.
I ate my favorite sandwich from Which Wich.
Yesterday afternoon I went to the doctor to check an ear problem that I was having. It turned out that my ear was blocked and it was all swollen and irritated inside. I was in some pain and the doctor helped me resolve the issue. I felt quite relieved and happy that it wasn't anything serious and that it was able to be fixed quite quickly.
I had my favourite ice cream and i enjoyed it a lot.
I taught my youngest dog a new trick (shake).
i helped an blind woman while crossing the road it makes me feel proud and happy
I realized that Friday is our pizza night, and the happiness continued into supper.
today i dodged a bullet and i watched american horror story and it thrilled me and made me really happy more than anything i m just happy
Yesterday going to the beach and spending the day there made me feel happy.
I went to the grocery store and was able to find a product I've been looking for for a long time.
A customer placed a huge order with me, so I'll be making a nice bonus for March.
When I found out that my grocery store was going to do super double coupons this weekend made me happy.
Yesterday i went to new car launch program and i was very happy to see the new model of the car and specifications and my mind is telling to buy this car soon.
I at a great hamburger 
Playing with my 3 years old son makes me happy.
We stayed in together as a family on a nice rainy night and watched a Diary Of a Wimpy kids movie marathon while making homemade smores.
I finally arrived home after a long bus journey
Work was fun, with a lot of joking and laughing. 
Going to the store to get something to eat for my new friend that rolled up on the scene looking for a friend. She crossed the on ramp all by herself and she's a kind little giant.
My cat has a cat toy that has small bells in it. I love to throw it down the hallway and watch him go after it. yesterday we played and he tried to jump over the arm of the couch, but he missed and hit his head on the couch arm. I laughed so hard I just about wet my pants. 
I found 2 subway tokens on the ground.
I was excited to run into an old friend that I hadn't seen in a while while grocery shopping.
I worked on my house project with my husband, we are adding on to our kitchen so it's always a wonderful thing for us to go out and work on the project in the evenings.
My son won a gold medal for spell bee competition.
I watched a few episodes of love with my wife
I successfully bench-pressed 60 pounds, which felt like a huge leap forward in weight training. 
 I found out that I'm being accepted into the Ph.D. program for my major at the school I wanted to attend. I was just about crying at my desk because of how happy I was feeling.
Going for a run in the nice weather
I used my Vitality card at Wal-Mart it saved me $1.00 on groceries. 
I managed to get an hour work out in, which usually happens 2-3 times a week so I was happy that it was yesterday.
I met some high school friends.
I composed a new song and i am happy
ENJOYED WITH MY FRIENDS IN MY HOME AND GETTING FUN MOMENTS
I went to market today morning and I found some amount on the roadside and I took that amount and that moment made me happy.
In the past 24 hrs I went out for lunch with my family and had a great time with them .
Today evening we are planning for a movie and tickets also confirmed and that moment makes me feels happy.
I made fresh chocolate chip cookies, from scratch. They turned out perfect and I had milk.
I had tacos for dinner with my family and didn't have to cook.
time spent with friends and family makes a big difference to how happy we feel, generally. ... It's fascinating what a small change in temperature can do. .... So if you thought being old would make you miserable, rest assured that it's likely ...
i found my old sim card that i thought i lost.
I sat on my porch tonight for a bit because the weather was so pleasantly cool and nice.
My kids bought me an outfit for my birthday.
I sat in the sun in complete silence during my work break today.
I got to spend time with my husband.
 I was happy today and it was raining and I could stay home and clean my apartment 
I trade bitcoins and it is slowly going up again.
I went for a calming walk outside on a nice day.
I Calm because today is my birthday. Thank you mom
My husband prepared my favourite dish yesterday.
The weather cooled down today and instead of being sweltering as expected, it's been pleasant since sundown.
An event that made me happy in the last 24 hours involved getting a good grade on a school paper.
i went to orphanage and met lot of poor children then playing with them making lot of joy and happy...
i had planted a tree in my yard.
My friends were come to my home for meet me. After four years,  I met my friends so happy to see all. 
I bought some things in online offer and got 15% cashback.
Half of my order from Jet.com arrived today so I was able to enjoy some items and by next week I will have the rest and I saved money by dividing it into two shipments. 
i changed my bike yesterday
My dog woke me up in the morning with kisses, she was happy and it made me happy.
The icing on the cake is that that boy belongs to a relatively poor and uneducated family living on my street. The very fact that he was trying to communicate with me with the little English that he had learned in school made my day.
I enjoyed playing badminton event yesterday with many participants across the city and i was very happy to have got second place ion that event
When i came to my office. I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
This is the happiest moment of my life. Being born here, i could never imagine this university actually existing.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
smile on face of a beggar when I offered him sandwhich
MY SON'S BIRTH DAY FUNCTION. SO, WE ARE ALL GO TO HOTEL.
While getting ready to office i met my school day friend and we both share more things about our school days and remember lot of happiness.
A SONG AND DANCE BY MY GRAND SON MADE ME HAPPY.
Cleaned the house an finished weekly chores
i got a leave today from my office
I picked up the hair brush that we have for our young cats.  One came to me immediately and I brushed him.  The sound of that brushing attracted the other cat to come to me also and I brushed him.
YESTERDAY WE WENT RESTAURANT WITH ALL MY FAMILY MEMBERS WITHOUT MISSING OUT ANYONE.IT WAS A UNFORGETTABLE MOMENT.SUCH A GREAT TIME THAT I SPEND ANYMORE. 
when I went back to bed after breakfast.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
I AM WENT TO FIVE STAR HOTEL WITH MY CLOSE FRIENDS.WE ARE ORDER VARIETY ITEM OF MENU CARDS THAT EVENT IS VERY BEST MOMENT IN THE PAST 24 HOURS
when i came to my office. I met my grandpa and grandma.
YESTERDAY I SAW MY OLD FRIEND AFTER LONG TIME AND ALSO DISCUSS ABOUT OUR FAMILY DETAILS. THAT MOMENT I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
When I am came to my office. I me my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
I had a great yoga session this evening. 
When I came to my office, I met my grandma. They shared me about my uncle 's summer vocation trip and bleesed me to get a bright future in my life.
When I am come to my office I me my grandpa and grandma, hey shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blesses me to get a bright future in my life.
When my friend meet me today with expensive gift for me
Visited an amusement park as my vacation started.
My fiance was also present and it made me feel even better.
Yesterday afternoon My friend Christopher and me went garden to purchase some plants for indoor garden. Yes we both purchased rose flower plant. After that reached home me and my friend started to give water it to that plants. Plants growing very superb. Especially my plant is growing very nice. I'm very happy about this. Very nice. I will buy that rose plant again. Thank you. 
I found my ULIP papers which I thought I had lost last week and was about to start processing to get new one.  I found it this morning while cleaning my racks.
We  are planned to go kerala  duing the summer vocation. When my husband showed the bus booking ticket's , my children's gets extremely happy that moments made me happy.
My fiance came home from work and we got to spend some time together watching TV before she fell asleep.
WHEN I CAME TO MY OFFICE, I MET MY GRANDPA AND GRANDMA. THEY SHARED ME ABOUT MY UNCLE'S SUMMER VOCATION TRIP AND BLESSED ME TO GET A BRIGHT FUTURE IN MY LIFE.
What made me happy is finding a person to workout with .
Made it to the store to buy a carton of smokes before the new tax hit raising the price by 20 dollars.
We  are planned to go kerala  duing the summer vocation. When my husband showed the bus booking ticket's , my children's gets extremely happy that moments made me happy.
When i care to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to set a bright future in my life.
I m very happy when i know that my project is approved by my boss .
i brought new dresses  to my parents
I talked to an old friend of mine over the phone.
the season finale of Grimm was on and I was really excited to watch it
I organized my "catch-all" basket on my desk.
I finally went to work out this afternoon
Yesterday my best friend sister marriage.Our friends gave a special gift for marriage function.We attend the marriage function and took some foods.We spend 2 hour in marriage hall.We back their home.
we are go to shopping it was very happy
When I am came to my office, I me my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.

when i came to my office, i met my grandpa and grandma. they shared me about my brother summer vocation trip and wished me to get a bright future in my life too.
when i came to my office, i met my grandpa and grandma. they shared me about my brother summer vocation trip and wished me to get a bright future in my life too.
I learned I lost a bit of weight when I weighed myself this morning.
I went outing with my family and eat some delicious food.
Playing counter strike with friends.
I found a new walking path in my neighborhood to walk on.
i went to meet my old friends today morning
My wife rented Indiana Jones for me so we could cuddle and watch it together
I find out I have a good room draw number for dorm selection the upcoming semester.  
BEFORE YESTERDAY I WAS GOING TO CHENNAI.BECAUSE VERY SURPRIZED IN GIFT IN MY FRIENDS.
I met my girlfriend at evening and we had nice coffee together. This made me happy.
I was able to paint two rooms in my house today and get that job behind me.
My sister was awarded best employer in her company. I felt happy and proud.
I was very happy to return home after a long day's work at the office.
Today, I received my order purchase of my new mobile and I am very happy.
I received an award at work.
The event "Heneiken with footballs " made me very happy. I could play football with hot girls
I was given the opportunity to take a written exam for a new government job. 
I celebrated the win with my girlfriend.
I had dinner with a former co-worker.
On the day that my sister came in to the world was one of the happiest days of my life." Please, tell us why there is ON before the day? Shouldn't it be just "The day ...... was one of my happiest days of my life"
today my husband promised me to buy a new good saree for me. which makes me happy.
I played in my backyard with my dog and my girlfriend.
My daughter pet a live bunny for the first time today and tried to feed it a stuffed carrot.
When i got up today suddenly a charming glow was there on my face after many days, because i had great sound sleep in the night, which made me really very very happy.
My friends gave me a surprise birthday party yesterdays, feeling very happy.
I went out to eat burgers next to my family, since it was start of the weekend, they were very delicious.
When I surprised my brother with a dslr camera on his birthday. 
I made a craft from waste CD.
I read a funny book in it  many laughing jokes.
I had a tickle fight with my kids.
Yesterday i invested in share market. I fixed low bound and high bound to avoid loss. When i reached maximum range. I stop. I gained very good amount. I was very happy.
One of my friend shared a funny video and I see it.
I made a simple little manifestation altar to bring in good fortune.
I went shopping with my parents for stuff needed around the house.
I found a great deal for a hand vacuum on even had a $10 off coupon to make the deal even sweeter.
Nowadays, happiness is a fuzzy concept and can mean many different things to many people. Part of the challenge of a science of happiness is to identify different concepts of happiness, and where applicable, split them into their components. Related concepts are well-being, quality of life and flourishing. At least one author defines happiness as contentment.[6] Some commentators focus on the difference between the hedonistic tradition of seeking pleasant and avoiding unpleasant experiences, and the eudaimonic tradition of living life in a full and deeply satisfying way.
YESTERDAY WHILE SHOPPING IN A NEARBY STORE I REALIZED MY PURSE IS MISSING BUT THE OWNER OF THE STORE WHO HAS FAITH IN ME ALLOWED TO GO BACK HOME WITH THE THINGS I PURCHASED AND TOLD ME TO CLEAR THE BILL LATER AND WITHIN HALF AN HOUR I WENT BACK AND DID THE PAYMENT. HERE THE TRUST AND FAITH THAT THE OWNER HAD WITH ME FEELS ME VERY GREAT AND THIS IS THE MOST HAPPIEST MOMENT. 
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

Spent last evening with my family instead of following my daily routine of evening
I work as a talent buyer for a music venue. Today an act that I have been bidding on confirmed. It was a tough negotiation. I'm relieved and happy as it will likely be a sell-out show.
YESTERDAY I SAW A WONDERFUL LOVE MOVIE IT WAS FULL OF LOVE AND FEELING .EVERY MOMENTS AND SONGS ALWAYS COME INTO MY HEART AND CHANCE LESS FEELINGS ON THE WHOLE DAY  
Post celebration dinner canoodling with my husband.
My son hug me today morning.
I finish my project, for one of my classes.
I made a nice dinner.
An event that occurred yesterday that made me happy was having sex with my wife yesterday evening.
I decided to marry another girl with the permission of my wife 
My sister and I went out for coffee to celebrate her being back home. 
I was able to see my friend for the first time in 2mths. We ate, talk, and played video games which was great to keep in touch of them
Woke up 5:45, Meditated, cooked a healthy breakfast, worked on things I love, went to the gym, cooked a healthy dinner and slept peacefully.
This is the happiest moment of my life. Being born here, i could never imagine this university actually existing.
My wife told me a dumb joke that in a way that only she could.
I got to spend time with family and relax all evening. 
I adopted a cat.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
My back skin condition (folliculitis) is starting to show signs of clearing up with the antibiotics.
Staying in touch with friends and family is one of the top five regrets of the dying 7. If you want more evidence that itas beneficial for you, Iave found some research that proves it can make you happier right now.Social time is highly valuable when it comes to improving our happiness, even for introverts. Several studies have found that time spent with friends and family makes a big difference to how happy we feel, generally.
while traveling back from office. I surprisingly meet my ex girl friend. it was the happiest moment as i was wishing to meet her from a very long time.
I managed to find time for my balcony garden which is blooming despite the harsh and hot weather here. The blooms and tending to my plants make me happy.
My friend Nisha's husband came from abroad and she give some gifts to me.
I watched a cute tv show.
Me and my girlfriend walking in garden and accidentally she kiss on my lips its a happiest moment for me.
A person in front of me paid for my drink at the drive thru. 
GOT MY SALARY
MY SISTER WAS PREGNANT AFTER 2 YEARS OF MARRIED OF LIFE.MY WHOLE FAMILY WAS SO HAPPY AND WE ARE READY TO INVITE OUR NEW LITTLE CHILD IN TO OUR FAMILY.
I was presented with a dinner of special 'biryani' made by my parents. It is my best dish and I couldn't resist staring at it for long I just gobbled it all and thanked my parents for a wonderful day. Out of all the things in the world, biryani makes me the happiest. It was wonderful.
My company team wins the football match.
One of my friends from Japan called to visit me this week.
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
I got the news of my promotion to a higher post.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
When a good friend called up to apologise over a misunderstanding we had. 
I bought a panini with tomato, cheese and egg on it as a late breakfast/early lunch and it tasted really good.
I talked to my childhood friend after long time,felt very excited and happy,had a past memory of childhood.
I ordered an item I needed. I received free shipping on my items.
Had a Video Chat with my sister
I ENJOY A DAY LOT BECAUSE MY FRIEND BIRTHDAY. SURPRISED MY FRIEND AND HE ENJOYED THE LOT.
Yesterday i received the salary from my office, unlike all months this time i got incentives and performance bonus. Hope you know money make happy a man. Keeping that i can buy a new things for my family. 
When my spouse woke me up with a kiss in the morning. 
We finally found a nicer place to move to where we will have more space for less rent.
My son and I played a video game together and laughed about my clumsy usage.
I love the food I made in the morning
I got all the dishes in the house washed after our dishwasher broke. 
I was walking past a clothing shop and was surprised to see a huge discount.I rushed to the store and bought myself a pair of t-shirts and trousers very cheap rate.I was very lucky and happy to avail the offer.
Today a beautiful bird was seen on my corridor.
Finally talk to parents after an long gap.. it feels great.. blessed.. period..
I made a meal and it came out tasting delicious.
house owner came with a plumber and repaired the sink and tap in now it working fine. now washing going good.
Purchased a bike yesterday with a great discount.
Got a free pizza from domino's due to points earned, saved me 15 dollars and I didn't have to cook.
My gardner bought me some rare plants which I planted in my garden.And this made me feel very happy !
My favorite artist reveal his album (Jamiroquai)
I ate an ice cream sundae that I had bought from the store with neapolitan ice cream, nuts and m&m's.
We were go to theatre with my friends, it is very happy. 
This question is the same as question #1. How many happy events can there in the space of just 24 hours? I believe this to be unrealistic.
I cooked dinner for my husband and my boys.  For most wives, this is a normal thing, for me it is a rare event.  He usually does the cooking and I wanted to surprise him.
I got two sodas from the vending machine today when I only paid for one.  I gave one to a co-worker.
I controlled my Internet addiction a little by not going online before 19 am today. This gave me some joy.
I ate an Italian sub sandwich.
I got massage pack of 2 week for free.
I will started a Bussiness
After getting convocation from school,we gave a treat to our son yesterday...that made me happy
watching new release of samsung galaxy s8
YAHOOO, YESTERDAY I SAW TWO PUMPKIN STARTED TO GROW IN MY FIELD, I DONT KNOW HOW MUCH HAPPY I AM NOW.
I checked my phone and there was a message that i got my month's pay, which was slightly higher than expected.
Happy people rarely keep clutter around the house because they know that extra belongings weigh them down and make them feel overwhelmed and stressed out. Some studies have concluded that Europeans are a lot happier than Americans are, which is interesting because they live in smaller homes, drive simpler cars, and own fewer items.
I got a gift from my friend without any reason.
My brother returned to home after a long time after completing his semester exams.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO BROWSING CENTER
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO MOVIE
It made me happy to hear that marijuana is legal in South Africa.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I went to dance class.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about me uncle's summer vacation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
Landing a huge long-term deal with a client for my private business company.
I went out with my family for a dinner after a very long time to my favorite restaurant that made me really happy.
I went to shopping along with my family members.
I confirmed plans to spend the weekend with someone I really enjoy seeing.
To see the purpose of all my hard work.
i had ordered a pair of sneakers from amazon and it just arrived a few hours back, and it looks better than i had expected.
At night, A friend give a chocolate cake that his mom prepared. It was delicious.
Meet My Love
She was my childhood love, we were never supposed to be separated. But the time never stuck for me. she were married and i move to next place, But my memories getting fade. then i don't want to see her again or i can't face to her. unfortunately at met her in my one of my friend's  house with two babies. Unlike I felt, i was so happy by see her with her children. I just feel a bitter happiness. 
I thought I lost my keys and found them in my jean's pocket.
Since I don't have to work I get to watch my niece and nephews for a few hours. This made me happy.
watched movie with spouse in the afternoon yesterday.
Hearing the songs I love back to back on radio.
I am reading a fascinating novel.
 I got graduated from the best college and it was a dream come true moment.
I got to relax to myself in my room and watched my favorite show
I went to the park with my family, we all went to the park and played some basketball together. It was early in the morning and I had a really good time.
I got paid for work I did.
went to the pub for the first time
I met my new home nurse and she was very pleasant and dedicated.
The happiest moment in the last 24 hours was when I reunited with my best mate, Luke, and took 2 Polaroid photos before he headed back to London.
I completed a bodypump workout that I found too difficult last week.
I worked in the garden with my plants.
My mom cooked some delicious rice for me with curd.
went out for get together with my friends and had a great time after long time
I started receiving parts in the mail for a computer I am putting together as my first ever free lance job, I think I had a big grin for each part I got today. 
Spring break started.
My sister's child call me uncle today that made me excited and I buy for him a dairy milk friends pack.. So he is also happy...
Popped a really annoying pimple.
The food cooked was delicious 
Just two days ago, I found a 20 dollar bill in the back pocket of an old pair of jeans that were in the clothes hamper. 
I discovered I had more coffee than I previously thought and was excited to know that I didn't have to purchase any today since i am attempting to save money when I can. 
My youngest said Sing It Mom for the first time.
I ate my favorite dessert, chocolate peanut butter ice cream.
Watching Mystery Science Theater 3000 (Deathstalker episode). It felt so nostalgic watching a 90's show poking fun at an 80's high fantasy movie. It was the best of both worlds and a good way to wind down after a hard day.
All family members are going to picnic  .we are enjoyed that movement .our childs are very enjoyed.
My husband made me happy by getting my my favorite drink from Starbucks for my birthday.  He made a special trip and also stopped to get me a birthday cake.  He is so attentive to me and makes me feel so special.  I'm so thankful for his love for me.  We are coming up on 40 years of marriage this August.
I bought some pants online.
My son smiled at me and held my face.
I enjoyed drinks after work with my colleagues.
A begger loves a lady.
I Was Very Happy Watching My Favorite Comedy  Show This Afternoon I Was Dying Laughing all the time. 
I was walking on the street doing some grocery shopping and I gave a glass of fresh and chilled watermelon juice to a poor and thirsty man on the road. 
The day with my pet
I ate some delicious pizza for dinner.
Im happy that its the weekend and I get to do the things I want to do. 
The bacon and eggs I made today were delicious. 
Go to a Chinese restaurant with my family
I prepared chicken soup in my home and had it.The soup was so tasty.
I got a bonus at work! Job came in on time and under budget!
I went to McDonalds.  I haven't had a lot of food in the house this week, but since I got paid I decided to hit the drive through and get some unhealthy good stuff.  It made me happy because I enjoyed it.
I found a perfect lunch bag online that I had been looking for.
I saw a dog outside my class today who was lying peacefully, looking at the people passing by which made me happy.
I received the financial aid award letter for my daughter's college indicating that she received a 75% grant covering all costs.
Reddit is running their April Fools event for the year and it's a really fun one! Lots of communities are working together on a large pixel painting canvas.
One of my friend passed away, and although this made me very sad it also showed how many people really cared about him as they shared fond memories of time with him.
Purchased a New Washing Machine for washing clothes.
last night i was tired dont want to work in Mturk but at mid night i woke and just work  2 hours and make handsome amount of money it make me very happy.
yesterday i went to my friend house and i had lunch with him and i was very happy and surprised because they had prepared food with my favorite dish fish and i ate very happily because it had very good taste. and it reminds me of my mother cooking.
bought two mobile phones for one mobile phone price using offer on our street. it is festival time so we got that two camera mobile and took selfie using that phone front camera
Received a mail from my office congratulating me saying that  I got an increment along with promotion which made me really happy. Being a middle class family the increment will be very helpful to meet most of my needs. I am really very happy on this message.
I saw the excitement in my son when he won a prize in a local contest.
I got all my chores done for the weekend early.
I took my car to get detailed and it came out looking and smelling great!
I watched a movie with my wife last night that was quite good. We shared a relaxing end-of-the-week moment eating homemade popcorn laying on the couch. It was very nice. I felt happy and peaceful.
I played carrom with my 3 year old son and we had so much of fun.
My husband experimented with a new recipe for dinner and it was delicious.
atlast i completed reading a novel of my favorite series it feel me happy
I installed the Libby app on my iPad, successfully logged on to my local library, downloaded a short story, and read it.
today i dodged a bullet and i watched american horror story and it thrilled me and made me really happy more than anything i m just happy
Fishing at the beach yesterday made me feel happy.
I made sweet potato pies for my family and friends.
I woke up with my dog kissing my face.
Our apartment complex fed all residents lunch yesterday and it made me feel like they appreciate us being here.
Yesterday i went to my friends birthday party and i was very happy that i met all of my old friends and we ate variety of foods and enjoyed a lot.
I found GOD
Meeting with my school old friend make me very happy to remember old days.
My husband surprised us all ( we are a family of gamers) and he bought a new xbox one so now we have 2 and all of us can play online, in the same game at the same time. It was a wonderful surprise.
I found some music I liked on spotify
Seeing my husband on his lunch break always makes me happy. 
At the beginning of last month my doggie past of 7 years and i'm still sad and almost 4 weeks later a beautiful pit (dog) comes from nowhere at night time, walks up up to me wagging her tail. Oh yes i was very alert at the moment but she was just saying hello :). Within a few minutes i put my guard down and gave her some food n water, then more food and more food :). I have an fenced in yard so i put her in the gate and let her roam around and get acquainted with her new surroundings. She's playful and happy from what i see and very smart. She know how to sit on command and she likes playing with stuff. Though i'm not really over my other doggie and think i never will. Is it possible that she is the same spirit coming back to visit me? I dont know but it feels good to have her around :).
When Thomas, my cat, get sleepy and is ready for bed he climbs up in my lap and goes to sleep. I love it because he feels so comfortable around me to trust me to hold him while he sleeps. And there is another more precious that a napping cat. 
My daughter was student of the week!
Getting to see my elderly dog excitedly playing on the beach like a puppy made me happy.
I was able to take care of my grandson, he's almost three years old and so full of life.
Medical reports suspected one of my relative having myeloma. Further investigations showed only it is a starting stage and can be cured.
I had dinner with my wife and daughter
A favorite song came on the radio as I was starting a long drive, and it made the start to my commute a happy one.
Leaving work at the end of the day, heading home and to a nice weekend
Being home on a Friday night and using my massager to relax my muscles after work and grocery shopping.
My sister, brother-in-law, niece and nephew came to stay for the weekend.
I started a new job today, so that was cool
My mom did my laundry for me.
I got to see my 2 dogs after they were away for 2 days.
I was teaching a client to snowboard and he told me it was his "best April Fool's Day ever" because he was so happy with how well he performed.
My daughter had her last dance class today and we decided to have her try a tumbling course too. It was amazing. She had so much fun and seeing her happy, well, obviously makes me happy too!
I went to Wendy's and got a big delicious meal to bring home to eat.
I went and got my hair colored, blown out, and trimmed.
We got to take our twin 3-year olds to Disney Springs for the first time, and it made me happy to see them have fun.
Watching my two boys smile during their t-ball practice.
Today, I went on a nice walk at a local hiking trail with my roommate, and saw several very nice dogs and a falcon.
I met up with a good friend this morning, and we had a nice chat.
I got to go pick up the crampons I ordered from REI today.
Last night at 10 pm when my husband got the notice of cancellation of a midnight job. He had already worked the entire day and hadn't slept so I was worried about him having to drive an hour into work and back home tired. I was very happy when he got the email stating that the job was canceled. 
My boyfriend did the dishes today so that I didn't have to.
I was able to find enough work on Mturk on a Friday night.
I watched a fantastic soccer game between Liverpool and Everton.
I got to see my French Lop rabbit and play with him and give him banana.
My grandchildren came to visit me.
I got off of work early today
I fixed a plumbing problem on my own. I felt proud afterward.
Waking up later than normal and relaxing in the living room while watching TV.
I had a great run. Got some good exercising
My niece called me to ask me to go with her wedding dress shopping.
The weather was perfect today for me to go out into my woods and cut trees
I got to time time from my very busy day and breastfeed my daughter. 
My son got to play in a big soccer game after being sidelined for a week from medical problems.
today we went to a nature beach, and my son was walking through this trail, he freaked out when he didn't see me behind him.
I made more money today than I have in the past several weeks.
I did a challenging new yoga routine. 
Last night I attended a large party/fundraiser for the school district I work for.
My son called to catch up.
I had my first cup of coffee since 2 months ago, which was delicious and it warmed me right up, and made me feel full of life so I was very happy, and I'm still happy. 
My favorite hockey team (the montreal canadiens) is playing and I'm attending the game
There was a pimple in my face that kept me bothering for a week.But when I woke up today and saw for it,it was gone .I was very happy that I got rid of that from my face.
I finished all my laundry - finally!
I visited my 2 granddaughters after work at my mother's house. I only got to see them for about a half hour before their father picked them up to go home.  
I was finally able to sleep in this morning after not being able to for the last few weeks.
Made myself a great breakfast....enjoyed it more than usual...it came out "picture-perfect"....
My granddaughter called me to tell me that she got engaged to the "love of her life."  I was so happy for her because this past year has been a very difficult one for her.
Today my two year old nephew and one year old niece came over to visit.  My niece climbed up to my lap (she's a very busy girl) and layed her head on my chest to snuggle.  It was the sweetest thing in the world.  Later in the day, I went to visit them at their house with bunny rabbit head bands.  My nephew engaged me in a conversation about things we did and didn't like.  
My 5 year old daughter wanted to tuck her doll in my bed last night.  She did it the exact same way how I tuck her into bed at night.
For the first time all week, I had an amazing night sleep Friday and I woke up feeling great.
Playing World of Warcraft.
I was watching my child dance to the theme song of his favorite cartoon the way he laughed and just jiggled was just too amusing
My boyfriend and I were laying in bed. We were doing our own thing on our phone - separately. All of a sudden, he turns and pulls me in close for a hug and caresses my head.
When my girlfriend came home late at night yesterday.  I had not seen her all day and when she walked in the door, it made me very happy to see her face again.
I slept in today until around noon. 
I was happy when a sports team that I like won.
Actually got up the motivation to go jogging this morning.
I felt happy when I made plans with a new friend to go to the shooting range.
I made homemade pizza and it tasted delicious when I thought it would be awful.
My daughter rolled over for the first time last night.  
I was happy last night when my cat came inside.  
Today they just released a season 2 teaser trailer for one of my favorite shows, Wynonna Earp. It got me very excited!
I went to a carnival that came into town and got ice cream.
I played a harmless, but successful and entertaining, April Fools' Day prank on my friend.
My husband made me pancakes this morning while I got to stay in bed and sleep in a little longer.
My partner took me to brunch for my birthday.
I watched my son perform in the school play.
A close relative was released from the ICU today and I felt extremely happy to receive the news.
It made me happy to go to McDonalds for a few hours with my sister, mom and nephew before she returned home to Florida 
Watching a basketball game with friends at a local bar. 
I went to a car show, and I got to see a lot of fancy cars.
I son arrived home from college for the weekend.
Getting to see my cats after being away from them for several days.
I bought a bunch of suits on the internet for my husband to wear when we go on vacation.  
Last night my brother give me birthday surprise party its a happiest event for me.
My husband took 1/2 a day off work so he has a longer weekend off to spend with our daughter and me. 
I found a childhood game and played it for a couple hours.
I tried a new brand of snack chips that a friend recommended to me and loved them!
I have owned my favorite horse for 12 years today!
The college basketball team I was rooting for won their game.
I took a 5 mile bike ride.
I was happy to be able to see my grandma on her birthday.
Eating a delicious brunch at a restaurant with my partner and a group of friends.
I was happy when my package came in the mail
I attended a live performance of an electronic music artist I really like, as part of my boyfriend's birthday celebration. We were dancing by some amazingly fun people and the show was done really well.
it made me happy when i get to spend time with my family
Today I drove past a man mowing his yard and I caught a nice whiff of the scent of freshly mowed grass. 
My fiance and I took a trip to the grocery store and on the way back, I was able to vent to him an issue that's been weighing me down and he actually paid attention to what I had to say.
My daughter asked me to color with her.  
Watching a WWE event on the WWE network 
Put a down payment on a Nintendo Switch.  Should be here next week.
I went shopping with my oldest daughter.
I bought some good fried chicken.
Spending time with my little one today made me happy and pleased.
I had a special breakfast with my baby.
Mississippi State beat University of Connecticut in the NCAA women's tournament on Friday night.  
I went to a fashion show fundraiser luncheon today with some friends.
No longer feeling sick after being sick for nearly a week.
The sun was shinning all day ( we are getting very bad storms here tomorrow night) and I was able to spend most of the day outside playing my kids and the dog.
I ate a yummy steak dinner.
I felt happy when my cat cuddled up in my lap and fell asleep while I was reading.
I am happy that I'm under 195 pounds now!
I went out with coworkers for a drink after a meeting, and it was one of the first times I've felt included while working at my job.
I fixed my car with my father to help.
I was able to take my dog to a dog park today after not having time to do it for so long.
My 9 month old son kept hiding his face underneath a blanket and laughing when he pulled it down.
My teenage son got most of his homework done today which means he can relax tomorrow. 
My husband bought chocolate for me today and that made me happy. 
I played some counterstrike with some friends online 
I took my last antibiotic prescription pill a few hours ago, I had surgery for appendicitis Monday before last.
I went to church and had a really big role in the liturgy process and it went a lot better than expected for my first time. 
My daughter picked me wildflowers before she left to spend the night with her friend.
Earlier today I was able to reach legend in a online card game I was playing.
My baby said mama understanding what she was saying and that made me ecstatic.
Today I took a hike with my dogs through the woods by my house.
I saw my boyfriend.
found out I was accepted to UNCW.
I was able to finish reading a book that I have been reading for the past month.
My husband went with me to the park today. He had been gone for the past two days and my kids had been horrible. He had worked all night but he still went with me to spend time with me and the kids.
I was at an art show, and one of the artists had put out Girl Scout Cookies so I ate a Samoa - the first I have eaten in several years.  
What made me happy was eating a grilled cheese and fries at lunch today.
I took a long bike ride to visit my girlfriend at work!
I received my direct deposit pay check.
I was happy when I found out my brake problem in my van was not as serious as I thought.
My ex wife came to help me out in a crisis. It made me happy because i can see she still cares for me in a positive sense and i greatly appreciate her kind gesture.
Yes. Yesterday night i watched my favourite actress Hansika motwani video songs. She is really sexy and beautiful. I feel very happy and enjoyed lot. Today also i will watch her songs and movies. Really i like her so much. I love to watch her movies. I'm big fan of her. I feel very happy about her. Love you hansika. 
I went on a peaceful train ride to chilis and ate lunch with my boyfriend we held hands and took a walk together.  It was simple but fun.  I enjoyed myself, we did not argue we just enjoyed the day.
I finally designed a wedding dress for my brother's marriage.
I ate my favorite meal pizza for lunch.
I was able to watch my three boys play together in the gym at our church.
had breakfast with my wife, something that only happen when holiday
I saw this HIT and I have been enjoying doing them so it made me happy.
I got a lot of yard work done.
My Granddaughter is a major part of my happy moments. This morning we had so much fun making Easter Bunny pancakes with strawberries, blue berries.
My wife put a special snack in the glove-box of the car for me to find and eat.
We had a company with lunch at work today!
Me and my daughter saw two men trying to load a trailer into the back of a truck. We were laughing and it was so fun for us to be together and laugh at something.
I found ten dollars in my laundry machine.
After years of fighting to refinance our home, local housing values went up and we qualify for refinancing!
Being able to watch the Final Four with no distractions at all!
I received word that a large software sales contract was signed by the customer whom I had been working with for the past year.
I was able to leave work early yesterday and take the dogs to the park.
I reorganized my living room. I cleaned my desk, dusted all the picture frames, and threw out some clutter.
I found a couple of really cute dresses for the spring and summer at a thrift store for very reasonable prices.
I found im going to be aunt first time.
At the lunch, when I playing with my nephew with the food.
My daughter sat with me on the couch after her nap for a little while.
Last evening i attended my collage mate marriage reception. met all my class mates who attended the function. we had a good time, fun and laugh. we planned to meet in the future .
I took a bunch of clothes to a homeless shelter and helped pass them out.
I got paid a lot at work because I did more work than I thought I could do. 
My baby has been sick for 2 days and not sleeping well at all, which means I'm not sleeping either.  Tonight he was so worn out that he went right to sleep.  This made me happy because I needed a break and a few minutes to do some work.
The cafe I go to had Ethiopian coffee beans for sale. This made me happy as it's my favourite coffee and I recently spent time in Ethiopia and it reminded me of that good time. I was happy to get the beans, and I'm still happy as I'm going to make a cup of coffee with them once I finish this. 
I made my sister fool on April 1 by telling a big lie.
We went to dinner and I ordered pancakes, which I had been craving. My happy moment was when the pancakes arrived.
My husband mowed the yard today.  
I was on a date with my girlfriend and spent the night at her place.
I am making progress at work, and finished my training.
My mom and dad saying they loved me and supported me via telephone. It was the only bright spot these past 24 hours.
I had time in my day to take my mother out shopping for groceries and to spend time with her.
I finished the Fool's Run 10K in 46:45 this morning.
My kids went ice skating for the first time and although they fell down and were crying they got back up again and did great. They are three and five years old so I expected them to be too scared too try it but they both made me really proud by being so brave.
While my younger son explain that what he did on yesterday with his friends, before his hair cut. They told him to change his hair style completely, but he refuse and replied to them on funny way.
I buy a new T-Shirt.
My oldest dog peacefully passed away, kinda sad that's she's gone but at the same time happy that she passed away without pain.
Having sex
I watched a TV program that I've wanted to watch for a while.
My son born and I got an excitement of foreign tour
Yesterday i went to Housewarming party and i was very happy to see the design and structure is modern and creative.
Something that made me happy in the last twenty four hours was a date I went on.  I met this man via online dating, which I feel meh about and am jaded, and for once he actually looked like his picture and he seemed genuine.  I hadn't met a new person, let alone gone on a date with someone in a long time.  This made me happy as I have been depressed and connecting with another person lifted my spirits.  We went hiking on a trail with my puppy and my date was very patient with some of my puppy's spastic behavior.  This made me happy as he held my dog and was very gentle with him which means a lot since my dog is a rescue dog and can get scared easily.
I had a guest tell me that I am an excellent tour guide at work.
My daughter who is pregnant, came home for 3 days.  
I was able to meet with some friends and enjoy a meal with good conversation.
I found a really unique and delicate plant at a store and bought it (I'm really into plants)
Bought a new used car today and got rid of my old one.
We closed the loop on two sales at work. Seeing the sale finalize created a big spike of excitement. 
Earlier I felt happy seeing my kids playing and laughing with each other.
My daughter just started to read, and today I loved it when she tried her best to pronounce my name 
My 12 year old offered to take the toddler to the park so that I could get things done. 
Today, I went to play cricket with my friends after a long time and I was happy.
I tried a new restaurant for brunch with a friend and had a delicious plate of chicken and waffles.
My husband took a day off yesterday afternoon so we could spend time alone together. 
I was sent photos of my daughter having a wonderful time on her class trip, her first time out of the country and away from us.
i had a great dinner with a friend
I visited the website of the resort where my best friend will get married in a few months.
I pulled an April fools joke on my leadership with my girlfriend pretending that we'd just gotten engaged.  They fell for it!
My fiance had her bridal shower and I helped her by moving all of her gifts from the venue to our house.
I was able to help my girlfriend and her parents with fixing up her grandfather's house.
I took a hot shower after not showering for a week.
I went to wine bar with my friend and had a smooth conversation about the latest movie.
I had a nice walk in a local park.
I watched a home movie of my niece singing that was taken when she was younger.
My kids played an april fools day prank on me first thing this morning so we started our day laughing. 
I ran into my friend Judy at a local restaurant and had a conversation with her.
Going to a store(IKEA) this morning and finding exactly what I was looking for (wardrobe) and it was on sale, it also fit perfectly in the car,
I found a feed store for my horse that has reasonable prices.
I watched one of the new Dave Chappelle stand-up comedy specials on Netflix.
My son has had a serious wound on his heel for the past nine months, and he was told at the wound clinic that it is finally starting to close.  This was a wound that had him at risk for amputation.
My coworkers surprised me with a cake for my birthday yesterday.  They had the cake in our staff lounge when I got to work in the morning, and everyone was able to have a piece of it when they were taking their lunch break.  It made me really happy that they remembered my birthday.
I just met a relative of my family after a very long time.
I had a nice dinner with my wife at chilis.
I was happy today when my Wife surprised me with me with my favorite chocolate from my hometown that I haven't had in several years.
I found out that I was definitely going to be able to see my best friend who lives abroad next month, for the first time in years.
I Felt very happy when i found out that my favorite tv show just came out with a new season.
The thing that made me happy in the last 24 hours was when I saw, on Craigslist, that there was a curb alert for household items and furniture.  My daughter and I went immediately and found two desks were available.  We got them into our car and brought them home.  I had been looking for furnishings for my house, but I have no money.  We really needed desks and now we have them.
my 2 year old gave me a big hug and said daddy.
I told my neighbor about a homemade dog treat that I had discovered online that my dog loves. She was very interested because her dog hasn't been eating good and she was running out of ideas. I gave her some of the treats that I had made and she said that her dog loved them. I was happy to be able to help her.
I took a look at my checking account online and saw that my federal tax refund was deposited into my account.
My friend came over.
I was able to spend time with my family doing outdoor activities.
worked out in our much-neglected garden for the first time in months
I watched a Jackie Chan movie and it was hilarious.
I kissed a cute guy!
I played in a basketball tournament today and my team won both of our games.
I met my former professor and some former colleagues at a local beach and watched the fireworks with them in a spectacular show.
I brought my cat to the vet and found out that she is going to be o.k.  
A stranger said I had nice eyes as I walked down the street.
I got a cheese and bacon pizza.
I woke up this morning to my daughter laughing at the April fools joke I set up for her.
Having an absolutely delicious burger and fries from Five Guys for lunch today.  Love that I could customize my burger with free toppings, and the hand cut fries were so tasty today.  This was only the second time I've ever had Five Guys, but I will surely be looking to return in the future.  
To Day my son Birthday.
My friends came over to visit me today.
Yesterday I had a coffee with a friend who was almost a year without seeing. We caught up with many issues, enjoyed a relaxed morning, with a splendid climate and excellent coffee
 I was able to donate time and money to a charity in my town.
I went to my friend's baby shower today. I haven't seen her in quite a few months, and it was a super happy occasion. There were so many people that attended, and I got to see some old co-workers that I haven't seen in over a year. It was great to catch up with everyone.
I was out running and it started to rain on me lightly, which was thrilling because I love to run in the rain.
I had anxiety that when I came into work I would have a bunch of extra work to do and when I got there it was all done and I had a great night. 
Went to my favorite actor's movie
Lately I have been betting on sports in an online sports betting account.  I have been doing decently well lately and last night while in bed, I placed a bet on the Golden State warriors to beat the Houston Rockets by 9.  I also bought the line down by 1/2 a point, so as long as the Warriors won by 9 I would win my bet, and it was a larger bet than I normally make.  This morning when I woke up the first thing I did was check my phone, and was delighted to see the Warriors had won by exactly 9 points.  It made me feel great to not only win the bet, but to win because I bought that extra 1/2 point and it made me feel pretty savvy.  
Today at work, I sold a big ticket item in which I will receive a commission, it made me happy to know I have what it takes to make a big sale.
I played soccer with my youngest son today.
 Yesterday, was a good day and it made me very happy. Not only was it a Friday, but we also closed out and monitoring. The monitoring was successful, and we passed with flying colors. 
i went to the movies with my boyfriend few hours ago, I was happy with him, we had a good time
Waking up next to my significant other made me happy today
I ate two chicken sandwiches for dinner
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
I went in a birthday party of my friend and enjoyed a lot.
Well, it may not seem like a big event, but yesterday was Friday and that always makes me happy.
 Let's see, the first thing I can think of that has made me happy in the last 24 hours was getting to leave work early yesterday. 
purchased a laptop for myself
I saw dramatic changes in my physique from working out hard and sticking to a strict diet. 
I had some Cadbury's chocolate mini-eggs. 
Yesterday was a holiday in my work, I had a great off day parties out in the town.
My elder brother passed his secondary in the early of 2017 and repeatedly tried to get admitted to a university, especially the public university. So, immediately after appearing at the higher secondary level exam, my brother started taking preparations for the university admission. The boy always wanted to be with his friends and never stayed home at the day times.
I baked an awesome ice cream cake for the very first time.
when i land hard tricks in skateboarding and all my friends cheer me that the happiest feeling for me
Planting flowers in my garden
My son hit the game winning base hit tonight in the baseball game.  The game was tied 3-3 in the bottom of the 4th (final inning in his league)
I opened my bank account and I saw I was paid! 
I walked a 5K today in under an hour with my husband.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was when my wife surprised me at work during my lunch hour.
We arrived in San Diego to see my longterm best friend and her kids.
Saw members of my extended family I hadn't seen in years.
We are closing the store that I own and we had a big sale today. We sold a lot of merchandise and that made me happy.
Finally beating a level i was stuck on a game was pretty nice and made me feel elated.
My youngest daughter has been suffering from the flu for almost a week and today she woke up without a fever for the first time.
My favorite lacrosse team won the game that I went to tonight. It was close and exciting. I wasn't expecting them to win to be honest because the other team had a far better record.
I went to a birthday benefit for one of my best friends. It was following a time period when he was in recovering from an accident he had on his motorcycle. He went into a coma and almost died from the accident, but he has been recovering and getting better as time goes on. When he walked in on this benefit, not knowing about it, and saw more than 50 of us there waiting for him, he was in tears with what he saw, and it did make me so happy to have him see that this many people cared about him.
Rick and Morty S3 E1 came out and it's fantastic.
My son wore a new outfit today that I did not think he would fit into. He looked really cute in it and I took lots of pictures of him in it because he is 11 months old and I take pictures of everything he does. He makes me really happy. 
the weekend is here and i was able to sleep in.
I finally had a cheeseburger after a long time. 
I went shopping in my new car, after not having a car for 3 months, and I found the perfect cordless phone to replace mine.
MY LAPTOP  KEY  BOARD WAS  NOT WORKING FOR MANY MONTHS. I PUT THAT LAPTOP INTO THE LAPTOP SERVICE CENTER, THEY ADVISED ME TO CHANGE THE KEY PAD. ACCORDING TO THEIR ADVISE WE ARE READY TO CHANGE THE KEYPAD.  BUT BEFORE CHANGING THE KEY PAD I REQUESTED  THE SERVICE BOY TO CHECK MY  KEYBOARD ONCE AGAIN. ACCORDING TO IT THEY CHECKED IT ONCE AGAIN AND PRESSED THE KEYS FORCEFULLY. AT THAT TIME MY KEYS IN MY LAPTOP STARTS WORKING, WITHOUT CHANGING THE THE KEY PAD. NOW ITS FUNCTIONING VERY SMOOTHLY. WHICH MAKES ME VERY VERY HAPPY.
I watched my son play with my friend's children.
when i am palying game with my friends then i feel very very happy from another days . because meat my friends a long time  so we play games. and feel very happy us.
I met my five year old grandson and his Mama for the first time!
I meet with a friend to had a coffee together and she gave me great news about her being pregnant. 
I went to my favorite Japanese restaurant.  I love sushi.
The most recent thing that made me happy was watching my favorite hockey team win a big game. 
I made over $1,000 in the stock market.
I went to a Flea Market and found a great side table.
I got on the scale and saw that I have lost 7 pounds.
When i was start early morning walking that time i got some one purse, then i decide handed over to police station.
At the timing the missed person find out his purse then i handed over him self. He said a big thank to me. I feel early morning i did good thing my soul feel very happy. The whole day gone as great for me.
I was happy when I was coloring in my coloring book with markers. 
i felt happy today because a do not work on saturdays.
I went for a long walk with a couple friends.
I got to sleep in until almost 9 this morning.  We have a 4 year old who wakes us up by saying the sun is up.  He slept in. YAY! 
This morning my wife and I went out to breakfast at a special restaurant. We don't normally go out to eat so it made me extremely happy to just spend quality time with her talking and catching up on life. It made me happy to just slow down and spend time with her.
I was so happy when my younger son squeaked out a third place medal in his teams wrestling tournament.
One of my best students was accepted to university.
I made up with my girlfriend after a fight we had earlier in the week.
My daughter in law got job in a prestigious organisation 
I had breakfast with a friend that I hadn't seen in a long time. We'd been planning it forever and it finally happened today.
I talked with my sister after a long time , after her marriage.
I went  to the gym to train and my trainer complimented me.
it was an awesome day yesterday we friends went to beach with fishing rods and net and captured fish with the help of three persons there , it was really enjoyable
Holding my baby niece.
My daughter took her first step, We were eagerly waiting as other kids of her age was already walking.
I was happy that I helped my niece type faster 
I've watched the movie "Moana" and it made me feel like following my dreams no matter what.
I got to go see Beauty and the Beast and it was good.
My Toilet doar lock opened in train.
Successfully making a burrito for the first time.
my elder daughter birth day
I was working at a restaurant as a server and I happened to wait on a semi famous personality and I was given a 100% tip, very generous.
I can remember many happy events of my life and out of those, I would like to talk about the event that I can still remember vividly regarding my success in the board exam. The moment I heard that I had been awarded a scholarship based on my performance in the board exam, I became the happiest man in the world. This was indeed a very happy moment for me as it is something I was looking forward to achieving and the news made my parents quite happy and proud. 
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
Today Early morning I received a message from my sister's house , saying that my sister gave birth to a girl baby after 12 years of her marriage. I am very happy to hear the birth of this precious baby
The icing on the cake is that that boy belongs to a relatively poor and uneducated family living on my street. The very fact that he was trying to communicate with me with the little English that he had learned in school made my day.
I made a quesadilla for my girlfriend after she got off of work. 
Tonight we went to our kids school carnival and played games and ate snow cones together!
I bought a new ball for my 2 year old daughter
I got straight As on my report card. 
I participated in way of the cross at my Parish church and that made me happy.
I planned for praise and worship practice.
The sun was shining for the first time in a long time. 
Yesterday, I had taken my son for a Doctor's appointment which they said would include some shots.  I was happy when the Doctor told me that there were no shots at this age.
I had a long walk downtown with my dog.
I ate black raspberry ice cream with rainbow sprinkles while watching one of my favorite tv shows, Orange is the New Black. 
My Mom posted some pictures of my nieces and nephews.
I got a rare player in nba live mobile.
About three hours ago, my college basketball team just won and are now in the finals. I'm thrill that they made it again. Since last year they also made it to the finals but lost. This is going to be their redemption. 
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

I ate some good pizza
My youngest daughter turned 14 and we celebrating with a cake and some gifts.
While I am lying down on the sofa. My mother tickle me. I was laughing.
I m very happy when i meet to my brother-in law, who currently go for study in India.
my mom told me she's going away for a week.
One of the ba's, admittedly a COUGAR met on POF told me how much she wanted to be with Big Dad!
I got my new car delivered to me
A daughter is the happy memories of the past, the joyful moments of the present, and the hope and promise of the future.
Yesterday morning I went for a walk n I met my old school teachers n it was so nice meeting them after a long time 
Today I have learned my first lesson of four wheel  driving.
I am happy that I received some promising news regarding finances.
I was able to go out of town and go see my family who I have not seen in a long time.
When my friend meet to me after many days and we have enjoyed with them
I go to the ocean to calm doen, to reconnect with the creator, to just to be happy.

A daughter is the happy memories of the past, the joyful moments of the present, and the hope and promise of the future.
Watched a movie I've been wanting to see for a while.
I spent time with several family members and friends celebrating a birthday.
My family went out for a family fun night of bowling and games.
My boyfriend brought me food after a long day at work. 
Ordered a New LED TV after struggling with the old CRT TV. Very happy and interesting to buy and the happiness is lasting and will last until we get delivery of the product.
Today I got to meet with people from my community who were interested in combatting domestic violence.
Working on this HIT makes me happy. It's a good paying hit for not a lot of work.
I was getting read to put my daughter to bed and she came in my office and said, "I love you mommy. Snuggles?"
Ordered some Chinese food from a local place I really like.
I was having a rough morning and went I went to my tutoring session the tutor noticed and went above and beyond his job expectations to ensure that I was having a better day. 
Joe Rogan made me laugh.
Actually yesterday night when i was changing tv channels, suddenly i found a cartoon channel where my most liked tom and jeery episode was playing after many days, which made me really very happy.
i made mutton biriyani to day
I was happy because I ate sub sandwiches, which I don't do a lot.
I ate home cooked food
My best friend and I went to happy hour to de-stress. 
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
Talking to my husband about our future together.
i went to temple
Happy I will be returning to work tomorrow after a mixed weekend. 
I woke up before my alarm went off
I Went to Hotel.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I went to computer class.
 I WENT TO TEMPLE
 
 
I am very happy because I have learned much about many things.

I WENT TO TEMPLE
My daughter had her first piano competition, she played her pieces without mistakes, I was very proud and happy.
I WENT TO COLLEGE.
I went to church and they conducted a game and i won a prize and it made me happy
Yesterday we prepared biriyani like Chinese hotel. 
I was able to connect two of my friends so that they could help each other with a task.
I won a hundred bucks on a scratch off lottery ticket.
I done vehicle Wheeling in Pulsar 220
a long lonely drive with my bike made me feel happy and comfortable.
I watched Bollywood Movie "Dangal" with my friends last evening and after movie I felt very happy after watching inspirational fight and  the message  that it sends to audience.
One event in the past 24 hours that made me happy was that I had a free schedule for my Saturday and got to sleep in until later in the morning than I normally sleep.
I got to watch my favorite show This Is us on hulu.
I went to a restaurant with my friends and had creamy chicken sandwich.  
I talked to an old friend on the phone and caught up on things with her.
I don't have any big happy events, just low level, stuff that probably means something only to me.  I don't often feel excitement either good or bed.  Today I felt a tiny bit of excitement.  I took a previous version of this hit a day or 2 ago.  In that version, one event was that I *finally* ordered my new server (computer).  Today the case arrived.  I was about to go downstairs for lunch when I saw the mailman pull up.  Even though the case is useless to me without all the other components, it made the fact that I finally ordered the new system, something I put off for the past year or 2, a reality.  Like I said, it's a small thing that only matters to me.
I was very happy to learn that my friend had received my crafting project I sent her and really liked what I had made for her.
I was happy when I saw my cat make his bed on top of a plastic bag.
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
My wife gave birth to a baby boy and this made me happy.
I went on a romantic date with my girlfriend.
There's always a moment when you start to fall out of love, whether it's with a person or an idea or a cause, even if it's one you only narrate to yourself years after the event: a tiny thing, a wrong word, a false note, which means that things can never be quite the same again.
While driving from office to home.
WAS TALKING TO MY BUDDIES ABOUT PAGANISM AND THEOLOGY.
close co-worker was bitten by a dog
i brought new bike yesterday
My boyfriend brought a puppy home yesterday and it was just what we needed.
I played video games.
I went out to dinner with ten cousins tonight. I have not see some of them in over ten years.
I went to a birthday party for a friend.
We all went to watch Beauty and the Beast to theater. 
A good friend of mine came by to visit with me and my wife.
I went to a short road trip with my friends and we had a lot of fun.
This morning, I received an email saying that my research project on diabetes has been approved.
My desktop computer is very old, I purchased a new desktop computer.
My sister sent me a big bag of Dried Mangoes a few hours ago and they're just about gone. They are fat free, delicious, AND healthy? What more one can ask for.
I read a very interesting novel.
The first moment I can think of is how happy I felt when I was able to finish my college project and submit it before the deadline.
My best friend sent me a funny video via text message.
i made very good money taking my uber passengers around tonight for the couple hours that i did it.
The day with my husband
I succeed in making digital frame at home 
It was yesterday when my closest friend got his promotion at our workplace... He got a well deserved increase in his position... This gave me immense happiness as he is my closest friend and I longed to see him at an elevated position like he got yesterday...
After a long work week, I finally relaxed at home with my wife with dinner and a movie (Office Christmas Party).
I made an incredible meat free stir fry last night.  It was really delicious.  I put tempeh in it, which I had never used.  It has more texture then tofu, which is too mushy for my palate.  
My friend shared a funny video to me.
Some relative come home and there is very joyful moments.
I went shopping and found/purchased a beautiful new dress that fits me perfectly and came at a reasonable price.
I re-seeded my lawn, raked the seed in, then watered the lawn.  I'm done with the lawn for now.
I went to the zoo yesterday with my husband. I love animals so I was very happy to see so many of the animals that I love.
We won our office cricket tournament and I did a good job in one game.
I have achieved my target yesterday before the deadline, feeling very happy.
I purchased a variety and costly rose plant last week and it will give a colorful flower today.
I met my friend in railway station and spoke with her for 20 minutes.
Today is my parent's wedding anniversary we celebrate it.
I was incredibly happy to get the mail and discover that my new faux fur throw had arrived and that it was exactly what I had been wanting. 
This morning, I received a phone call from my fiance. He is currently on a business trip and I haven't talked to him in several days. He called just to check up on me and told me he missed me. This simple phone call made my day.
I went on a date with my girlfriend; we went out on the town and had a great time.
hang out with old friends
My lovable brother came to my home early morning, surprised.
A trip to kanyakumari beach along with my family was the most enjoyable moment of my life. It was also so special because that journey was made on our newly brought car. I saw the happiest faces of my 9 year's old kid and wife, which fill color in my life forever.
When I was able to buy Kpop Concert ticket for my sister.
I woke up with a stiff neck this afternoon and I was given a box of heating pads which immediately gave me relief and allowed me to enjoy the rest of my day with almost no pain.
It stopped raining outside so I was able to go out.
I visited my parents back in my hometown
i was happy because i bought bag for my mom and she felt happy for that. By seeing her face i got very happy
I am totally happy for my best friends who make me special for them.
Bought mangoes after an year
I went to film with my wife and enjoyed a lot 
When I met my one year old nephew for the first time.
I went for a walk in the sunny weather.
I found a penny in the parking lot at work going to my car and I feel someone in heaven is looking down on me, pennies from heaven kind of a thing.
A friend returned the money he borrowed.
Ate mango for first time in this season today. I love mangoes and today I ate mangoes with my family. My brought them for us.
Got a call from son in the morning. Talked about his plan for upcoming holidays. Decided to go on vacations together.
My boyfriend made a joke and offered to come help me run some errands. That made me smile because he knows I don't need help but I would love his company.
I went to a kid's birthday party and I made a new (adult!) friend.
Yesterday, I took a HIT about helping to test a curriculum of humanistic psychology for high schoolers. What a cool and positive idea!
(Warning this one is 18+ comment) I got really happy when my boyfriend wanted to have sex.
the event was my mom had gave me a brand new iphone 7 and i was very very happy
Night out with two of my best friends made me very happy.
When our relatives came from Slovenia to visit us. Was fun seeing them after almost 3 years.
One of my biggest dreams was to buy a bike. Today i bought a new bike.
My parents called and invited me over for dinner Sunday night.
I had my very first full bottle of Whisky, It was a dare by my friends and I succeed without puking after 2 hours
I had dinner with my girlfriend.
When I woke up I went to the bathroom and I took a big poop, it made me feel great.
i visit my sisters home to day
I had party with my old roommates yesterday evening, we had very nice weekend that made me happy.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
I found out I will be getting a settlement check from a class action lawsuit. It might not be very large, but I was happy to know I would be getting something.
I was able to spend some time with just my husband away from our children.
i joined a  new job  in March  ,and got my first paycheck , which is quite substantial  , was a great feeling.
I hung out with my mother and chatted about life.
One event that made me happy in the past 24 hours, is witnessing a fireworks show from my balcony. The sight of the fireworks caused me to feel appreciation for living in the city I am currently in.
I won a local poker tournament. 
Yesterday i went to my sister house and she prepared me very good lunch and i was very happy because the lunch was prepared with our traditional dishes and i was very happy to eat it.
I bought a bottle of wine and drank some whilst cooking dinner. 
My whole family sat down to watch a movie and eat dinner together last night.
My brother and I watched wrestling together for the first time in years.
I was happy the day I met my boyfriend.
i gave money to charity that made to feel very happy and i went to orphanage and met orphans which gave a immense satisfaction
today morning our city has jallikattu( bull fight) festival. i enjoyed whole function with loud voice and whistle.
I ate my favourite dish
Today, Early in the morning I am not get up properly and that time my wife stand to front of me with little smile and my favorite cardamon tea. That time  her smile and smell of tea both are made me happy. 
During my grocery shopping trip, I found that my Kroger store was now carrying New York Seltzer water.
I got a call from my parents telling me some good news.
Watch Film of cartoon with my daughter
Went to see my dad and watched him play with my dog. He acts like a kid when she is with him and even ignores the other people in the room sometimes because he is so into playing with her.
A minor injury finally healed up fully.
I was able to watch an episode of a cartoon that I have been waiting for a long time
I baked a pie.
Washed 3 weeks worth of laundry in 4 hours. It was a huge pile of clothes but finally done with it. 
I saw a local ska band play and I really enjoyed their energy.
We got some yard landscaping done.
I got news from my supervisor that my request for a 7 day extension on my history project was approved.
my mom birth day 
My sister did what i asked her to.
Went to a party last night with all of my friends
the day my dad get me a new puppy
I was happy when my parents came over my house to play with my baby.  My baby's smiles and giggles made my day.
Getting accepted into graduate school 
I felt happy having dinner with my family at Ihop yesterday; while it is a small thing, it is important to spend time together as a family.
I talked to my partner after a long while. 
An event that made me happy was when I went out to dinner with my wife last night.  We went to a favorite Thai restaurant that we normally go to when my son has somewhere to go.
I play golf every week with a group of my friends and we always have a little bet going and yesterday I played well and won the bet for best score. 
I tried out a new breathing device to help alleviate snoring.  It's like breathe right strips but goes into the nose to help open the passageway.  To my surprise it worked and I felt more rested.
Found out that my cousin is coming to visit for one week and wants to stay with us for her vacation. Excited
Going surfing and having the waves all to myself. 
I went to visit my elderly mother and she was nursing a baby goat with a bottle.
Speaking with my friend
I picked up my girlfriend from her apartment and we kissed briefly in the car.
UNC beat Oregon in the final four.
I went to Gambrill State Park and played in their natural playground with my five-year-old son.
My girlfriend and I went to land that we bought together and enjoyed the spring weather.
I felt happy when I participated in a volunteer group to clean the grounds of a nonprofit facility.  We mowed, trimmed and removed debris from the entire facility grounds. 
Walking my dogs last night was a time where I was able to clear my head, enjoy nice weather and enjoy a relatively silent exercise. 
I had the driveway power washed, and it looks brand new.
I finished all my laundry and dishes early yesterday morning, so I had the whole day to relax.
My son played a baseball game and even though they lost, he had an exceptional game on an individual level.
It was the happiest day on my life..  the day i married my girl friend... my dream comes true.. Am very lucky to have her in my life.. in all my  loving days she always give me positive.. the best day of my life.. such a wonderful  feeling.. thank god for giving such a wonderful love in my life .. happiest moment ever.
I texted with a friend. 
I went out to lunch yesterday with my wife.
My husbands safe return from a trip.
Got to hang out with my best friend all day who is moving to Washington state in 2 weeks.
Took my Children to the aquarium yesterday.
I went to visit my daughter and my granddaughter saw me out the window and ran to open the door first so she could hug me.
Yesterday I came to know that I was pregnant for the first time. I felt very happy.
In the past 24 hours i actually had to work a lot.  Just yesterday i worked from 7 in the morning, to 11 at night.  Being a college student supporting myself, i have to work 2 jobs on the weekends sometimes.  I was exhausted but when i got home i saw my dog greet me and jump up to me and give me all of her love.  Playing with her and relaxing with her after a long day made me very happy.
Spending time with my daughter.
I got to take my dogs to the forest preserve nearby for the first time since moving to the area.  They've never had a lot of room to run around, so seeing them get the chance to just run around and act crazy until they tired out made me feel truly happy.
I spent time with my brother watching anime and eating my favorite food.
I bought a gold anklet which I have been longing to buy for a long time. Very happy to wear it to the church today
I had a full blown party with my cousin which included unlimited beers and innumerable pizzas for dinner after a long time. This was surely a big event for drinking and eating to the full stomach.
I finally found the time to vacuum my home yesterday afternoon.
My husband and I went to St. Paul and walked around Rice Park and it was a beautiful day.
I went on a run in the woods.
My two year old autistic son used the potty for the first time.
Seeing my daughter interact with older children and play with sand and dirt, knowing she has sensory issues.
I spent time outside at the park with my daughter.
It has been a long winter here in northern Michigan. Yesterday was a sunny, warmer day. The garage has been eating at me. It had leaves from the fall scattered around and needed to be tidied up. Yesterday i did just that. Took me about an hour and a half. I felt relief afterwords and proud. Just another thing I could cross off my long list.
I was at a big box store, and they had free samples of many different types of tasty foods!
What made me happy yesterday (less than 24 hours ago) was that my husband and I went shopping for clothes for our upcoming trip overseas and we were able to find EXACTLY what we needed and wanted without having to go to several different stores.  Our weekends are super packed and we don't have a lot of extra time to go hunting for things when there are so many other pressing things to do for work and to maintain the household.  So, when we were able to get quite a few items at only one store, we were BOTH super happy to be finished with the drudgery of shopping so that we could enjoy free time this weekend. 
The lilac bush has come into bloom and I am surrounded by its beautiful fragrance.
My husband and I walked to the bank to deposit a check from his side hustle.
I watched funny YouTube videos all morning.
My son told me he loves me.
tried a new recipe and it came out awesome. and everyone liked it . 
I had a good massage at a spa near home.
That I have learned how to control how I respond to my family!   I used to be very emotional and quick to react.  I have been working on bettering myself over the last 2 years, it's not easy to change yourself!!  But over this weekend I practiced and achieved my ultimate goals!  It's n amazing and freeing feeling.  
I was at the local store and decided to buy a scratch ticket which I don't often do, it cost me $5 and I won $50 so a great decision. 
It was so amazing I get my new car.
I got a snack of moon pies just last night.
My girlfriend brought me a smoothie when I picked her up from the train. 
I paid my rent yesterday (which doesn't sound happy) but I actually had money left over this month, I usually don't after bills.
Just this morning I rediscovered a lot of songs I loved and used to listen to on an old youtube channel of mine from years ago.
My cat isn't usually very affection or cuddly. But this morning she came over and cuddled up on my arm, using my hand as a pillow, and that made me happy.
I went out to a new brewery with the first friend i've made in a long time.
In the past few hours I completed the work for my new website on Technology. I was planning for so long and the job has done just few hours back.
I got my disability check. I was able to pay rent
I refinished some shelves and installed them in my office for all my collectibles.
Last night, I was able to reach my online earnings goal for the week of $250.

I had intimate moments with my wife earlier this morning.
The sun came out and the temperature climbed into the high 70s, and I basked in the warmth.
I went to a butterfly exhibit with my boyfriend yesterday.
I took a piece of paper and got my cat to chase it and she had so much fun she started purring.
The first episode of the new season of Attack on Titan was released which I have been waiting to see for almost four years.
My best friend told me that she got engaged.  
Yesterday, my sister and I took a walk down Beach Drive in St. Pete and it was perfect.
I was able to buy an Xbox for my son.
I went to the salon and got a hair cut and new color.   it was a huge change from what i had before. 
My husband came home from work 2 hours early because I told him about a call I got from my doctor and he could tell I was scared.  When he walked through the door, I could hardly believe it.   Felt very loved!
I went and visited with my neighbors. 
My mom made a great dinner with new dishes.
Two of my closest friends came over last night and we drank wine and visited and laughed for hours!
I made breakfast for my grandmother.
I had amazing breakfast this morning,fruits and veggies and i'm full with energy now,feeling awesome !  
I went to a friends party for Saturday and we just had a great time having fun. 
My favorite seasonal (Easter) candy was on sale at the store yesterday, and I am enjoying eating them!
After work i purchased two cigars in the cigar shop.
I got to see some people unexpectedly who I have not seen in awhile.
I just found airline tickets for our upcoming trip for $100 less than they were when I checked two weeks.
I was cuddling with my girlfriend in bed.
I received a call from my boss to tell me that my April Fool's joke that I left for her to find got her and she got a good chuckle out of it.
What made me happy yesterday was the fact that I got to spend some quality time with my wife, we went to a play and a sportsman show.
I invited my brother and his family to come do Ukrainian eggs with me and he came yesterday. It was so good to see him!
I spent a fun evening with my boyfriend and his friend eating Mexican food.
I went grocery shopping and was able to get some trail mix which is one of my favorite snacks.
For me, happy Saturdays are spent working on Mturk grocery receipt hits and watching delightfully silly romantic movies on the Hallmark channel. 
I painted my nails for the first time in a while.
I was able to play "let it be" on my electric guitar without any mistakes 
Going for a long walk and enjoying the beautiful spring weather.
Today I met with my college mates after very long times nearly 5 years back it makes me a very happy 
I got to cook a food that I had wanted to cook since I was little, and it ended up being really good.
I went to the beach. 
My teenage daughter and I were browsing hulu and found a show about drum corps and watched it together while relaxing on the couch, and had some great conversations about it.
Yesterday i got my salary with some bonus amount. I was very happy to get a good bonus. And i was in need of money, So i was joyful for salary credit.
My husband birthday its very big date for us we made a big party we celebrate this in park its awesome today
Purchasing a minecraft texture pack for my cousin
Rick and Morty came out with a surprise episode last night.
i was happy this morning when i got to sleep in and relax and start my day off really peacefully. 
Having sex with my lady friend. It was a good positive experience.
Coloring Easter eggs with my son, mom, her friend's kid, and my fiancA(c) at my mom's apartment yesterday. We even painted them and put jewels and glitter on them and made a cool picture frame out of popsicle sticks and a glue gun. It was a lot of fun.
I found a useful new time management software that I downloaded and began using.
I made love to my wife
I received a nice long email from my favorite sister.
i went yesterday without smoking cigarette maybe i can finally quit for good for my health it is very hard to quit.
UNC won their game last night and now are in the championships.
I was appreciated  by my boss in front of the whole office. This made me feel very happy and motivated to work and to be more loyal towards my company.
My girlfriend sent me a really cheesy text
My friend send me a text
I got to facetime with my dad and see the look on his face when i told him he is going to have another grandchild.
I had time to go for a walk in the morning before I went to work.
I went out to lunch with my friend Ed.
Received a phone call from my Dad and we had a good talk for about ten minutes.
Outside my window, I saw three chipmunks come out of a hole in the ground, and chase each other.
I bought a new game for my playstation 4.
I was able to repair my irrigation sprinkler system by myself which made me feel great and save a bunch of money.
It made me happy when I cooked pizza yesterday on my new pizza stone.
I was able to have a terrific Job interview after not being on one in over 12 years.
My boyfriend went grocery shopping but brought home things I wanted but didn't even mention to him.
Today I solved 4X4 rubix cube without the help of anybody for the first time after a long effort
My baby smiled at me when I held her in the morning. 
Yesterday I went to a cook out at a friends house with other friends. We at burgers then played Talisman, a board game, for around 6 hours. 
I finally fell asleep and woke up at the right time and not like a vampire.
Someone gave me a big tip at work.
I got my salary and it was more than what I had expected.I really became very happy for that.
Last night my wife and I went out to dinner with some of our friends, and we told them we were pregnant!
When I hugged my elderly uncle goodbye at my aunt's funeral home visitation this time yesterday, he smiled at me and said, "I'm your favorite, aren't I?" 
Completed a woodworking project and it turned out great.
I went out to eat with my dad for my birthday last night. We went shopping at the mall, also. I was so happy because we got to just slack off and spend some time together, which we don't really get to do anymore.
I got paid $.80 to report my happy moments. (Thanks!)
I got to sleep in today after a 60 hour work week.
I got a $1 bonus from mturk.
Last night I took a class about homemade cocktails.
I enjoyed an evening with my boyfriend and few of our closest friends at game night. We sat around a table playing board games together, eating snacks and having dinner. 
I got my kids a xbox.
I got to go to my house after being away for 6 months, going back made me feel happy.
I got to spend the entire morning going  to garage sales and estate sales  with my best friend yesterday!
I won my promotion series in League of Legends.
I gave my landlord's dogs their doggie treats.  Both dogs allow me to pet and hug them either before or after I give them their treats.  It calms me and allows me to relax. 
My friends came over late at night and shared a very wonderful conversation with me about their lives.
I started playing Bob Marley's 'Three Little Birds' on the ukulele and both my kids started singing with me.
I gave my niece a birthday present that I made for her.
A couple of people made an appointment to come look at our house that is up for sale. 
I went to an automotive museum with my best friend.
I talked to a stranger at a videogame tournament last night and made a new friend.
I got to snuggle with my boyfriend, who I had not seen in two weeks.
I cooked a pot roast for my family for the first time and it turned out beautifully.
One thing that made me happy in the past 24 hours was spending quality time with my girlfriend.
I went out to an Indian restaurant for lunch with friends and had a great conversation. 
I went for a function and to my surprise I saw the girl I loved too much.
I had a great night's sleep last night.
Last night, we had a delicious pizza for dinner. 
last night, the season 3 premiere of the tv show "Rick and Morty" made me happy.
I was at a spring training game.
I went to church Sunday morning and had a really great time
Getting a brand new video game this morning.
I watched a good movie last night.
The bus arrived on time. Usually it is a few minutes late.
I watched a new sci-fi movie at the theater last night and loved it.
My daughter brought home a delicious carry-out meal since I did not feel like cooking.  It was so good and made me very happy.
One event that made me happy was watching a basketball game at home with my family.
Enjoyed Cousin's Marriage Function
When I got the mail yesterday, I received an invitation to my nephew's wedding. 
yesterday I received my incentive payment for a study I did 5 weeks ago. 
Today my boyfriend took me out to eat at a sit down restaurant: Chili's.
My checkbook and debit card arrived in the mail from my bank, which I've been waiting on for about a month.
My wife gave me a haircut yesterday, it looks good.
My best friend finally got married to the love of her life.
I meditated for 10 minutes
I went to the park to eat lunch and a really cute weiner dog ran up to me as soon as I sat down. I got to pet him and play with him
I went on an incredible hike with my sister and we got to explore a cool waterfall.
I was able to take a walk in one of my favorite parks with a bright blue sky and crisp spring air!
My husband and I went to the creek behind our house and caught fish and just threw them back
Received an email that had passed a homebuyer class. 
Yesterday, my sister told me that she has planned to buy me a motorbike. It made me very happy.
The most important part of your work is feedback. No matter if itas positive or negative (and then you will know what you have to change) feedback represents a very important instrument for measuring the quality of your work. And a complete feedback that has only the best intentions can transform your day in a very productive and cheerful one.
I learned my son is coming over this afternoon and will stay for dinner.
I walked around with a friend playing Pokemon Go last night, and we caught 3 rare things that neither of us already had.
I went to my side job as a belly dancer and danced three shows.
I was able to get a very good night's sleep.  I feel really rested this morning.
I was able to have a great work out at the gym.  I feel really good.
I was able to watch the NCAA basketball game at my leisure yesterday. 
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was teaching my dog a new trick and him being able to do it without any food involved.
I attended the 107.03 groove party and had a great time with friends.
My husband got me a congratulations gift for getting a promotion.
Both of my son's called to talk to me.
Today morning my college friends suddenly visited my home.  I am surprised and so happy.
I spoke on the phone with my brother for an hour. 
I watched a Harry Potter movie.
I watched a family movie with my kids.
Partner and I woke up early this morning on accident, so instead of rushing to get everything ready, we shared a coffee and sat listening to NPR, enjoying the extra little time together.
An even that made me happy in the last 24 hours occurred yesterday afternoon. I was shopping with my daughter and we were both in a pleasant mood. She needed to use the restroom in a store that we were in. We both went into separate stalls and just happened to come out of them at the exact same time. We looked at each other and then I ran to the sink to try to beat her in a race. She laughed and ran behind me, trying to catch up at the sink. We both finish washing our hands and I think the race is over but then she slyly runs out the door before me.
I found out my favorite show has updated after 4 years. Now I have something fun to do.
I went shopping at a grocery store sale.
It made me happy that a brother called me that I hadn't heard from in 4 months.

To share a good bed conversation with my wife this morning
I was working on editing my dissertation and it went really well. 
My husband and my daughter worked on her car together.
The item I wanted to buy was discounted 50% in the store!
I completed my income tax.
I participated in a yoga class that left me feeling string, centered, and connected.
Seeing my significant other again after a day apart made me very happy to see her.
I WAS ABLE TO SPEND SOME TIME WITH MY OLD ROOM MATE AFTER 5 LONG YEARS.
My girlfriend made meatballs.
Watching the Final Four made me happy.
My favorite band announced they are embarking on another world tour with concert stops near me and my friends.
My son said dad for the first time !
I rode my scooter to the park.
My 5 years old kid said he loves me too much
I bought a Shel Silverstein book.
Eating at a Brazilian steakhouse
My husband called me on the phone.
I had dinner with my group of friends and we had good laughs.
My girlfriend called me as soon as she woke up to let me know she was dreaming about me.
I had a good weight training session - everything felt great.
Yesterday, I was at the circus with my family, and I was extremely happy
I watched a movie with my friends.
My husband is coming back from his three days tour. 
I made burritos for dinner with fresh guacamole
Asuka kept the NXT Women's Championship.
I was invited to hang out with friends I don't usually see last night, and it was a lot of fun and I thoroughly enjoying spending the time with them.
I heard a song this morning and made me want to dance and sing.  I was very happy during that moment.  
I spent some time playing with my dog. That is a daily source of happiness for me!
I got to play with a friend's new puppy.
A friend invited me out for a drink last night and it made me happy that someone wanted to spend time with me. 
I have been waiting to hear from a potential employer about a ride along for the next step towards my new career and I just received the email confirming I have a ride along next Thursday!
Me and my wife had lunch at a new buffet that catered to Filipino style food since she is of that heritage. It was nice to be with her enjoying her favorite foods.
Spending my evening watching shameless with my girlfriend.
I had dinner with my church family at Olive Garden last night. We had a special performance at the early service today and always like to spend time with each other before a large concert. 
I volunteered at a Special Olympics event and it made me happy to feel like I was helping others.
My husband brought home chocolate chip cookies from the store.
I worked with my wife to make our kitchen look better by adding knobs and handles.
My daughters concert. My daughter was in a special orchestra for top musicians in the school district.
I won 200 dollars at a game of bingo.
My room mate came home from work at a decent hour. He's also my ex-husband and it has been a mess making the transition from wife to room mate. Him coming home on time helped.
I went to a meeting that went really well.
I went to get a haircut because my hair was getting too long.
Taking my toddler on the conquistador at six flags.


A game I bought in high school turned up on my profile on Xbox unexpectedly.
saw beauty and the beast in the theater 
My mom made one of my favorite meals yesterday and I was able to have leftovers for today also.
I was happy to find I had made at least $10 on Amazon yesterday.
I went out by myself and got a great burger and fries. I sat in my car while listening to a podcast that I really enjoy. I loved the time by myself.
I had delicious Chinese food with good friends!
I went to cafe with my girlfriend and we were drinking hot chocolate and watching some funny videos on youtube.
I was able to work online without any problems.
I had dinner out with my wife.
I finally managed to get a one hour running outdoors this morning, after a busy week of work and non-cooperating weather. 
I got my roommate (who never reads anything but trashy magazines) interested in reading a really funny book I'd read (Jenny Lawson's "Let's Pretend This Never Happened"), and lent it to her, and saw her actually reading it.
I finally took care of 3 loads of laundry.
I was unexpectedly called into work yesterday and came home from work to see that my husband had made homemade peanut butter cookies and set out a plate of warm cookies for me.
I gave my 1 year old daughter a giant teddy bear that she absolutely loved. 
The team I was rooting for won their game.
I watched some good horror movies over the weekend, including the film Martyrs, which is extremely scary.
An event that made me happy in the last 24 hours was when me and my younger brother went for a walk in the park. It made me happy because we were able to walk and talk about the fun events that happened during our childhood. It was also fun because we played around and raced each other in fun.
While playing a team based game, a player I'd never interacted with before complimented my skills and thanked me for healing them so well.
A friend of mine came over unannounced and surprised me with dinner that she had made.  
I hung out with my friends and talked about some life stressors. 
I taught a board game to family members who hadn't played much games, after struggling through first game, everyone understood how to play the game and really liked
Woke up at a decent hour.
The sun was out yesterday the weather has been gloomy for weeks.
I got out of work and knew that I had the next day off, (Sunday). 
I sat in a coffe shop with my boyfriend, and we drank the most amazin iced chai lattes I've ever tasted
I was happy that my relatives traveling on a long haul flight arrived safely.
I went this morning to get chicken nuggets from Burger King this morning. 
 I drop my mother-in-law off at the airport, and she went home. 
I went to the movies with my nephew.
Had takeout pizza for dinner
Playing with my nephew in my yard. 
I ate a pretty tasty PB&J sandwich. 
I started cleaning out my garage today. I've been putting it off for a while, but today I finally got started. I threw away a bunch of trash and have bags of items to bring to Goodwill. I feel accomplished.
I went drinking with friends and got a phone number from a really good looking girl.
I got to see my mom after a few months, since I was so busy.
I went out to dinner with my girlfriend.
A favorite Youtuber of mine uploaded a new video, this person has not uploaded in a while.
My 2 year old daughter climbed into bed with us. She was sweet and loving and full of giggles!  She sat with us and giggled for about 30 minutes. Sweeteset sound on earth.
My daughter played great at her soccer game.
I was happily surprised when my sister came home from work with a KFC box meal for me to have for dinner.
I was able to cuddle with a good friend which helped me feel better after being sick for awhile.
I had a date night with my husband. 
I went to a friend's party and plated board games.
I spent the whole day with my little sister and my niece and we went out shopping together.
My dog cuddled with me today which is not normal for her to do.
Yesterday was my daughter's birthday. It was awesome evening, we had lot of fun, good food and music. My daughter enjoyed plying with his friends. We became so happy and it was nice family time.
my medical tests made me happy because I am out of suffering from fever since two years
After several days of cold and rainy weather, we had a beautiful sunny day and I was able to get outside and enjoy the spring weather finally
Hanging out with my son eating chicken soup.
I won a Microsoft Surface Pro from a raffle.
When I found a bag of chips I haven't eaten yet.
I saw Beauty and the Beast at the cinema with my sister and I enjoyed it very much.
My little brother turned 18 yesterday and we had a giant party for him at a local restaurant.
eating soup
I was very happy when my husband finally came home from work.
My mom bought me a new pair of shoes.
Yesterday, I was able to visit with my new granddaughter. 
my newborn baby niece was brought home from the hospital. I remember like it was yesterday. I cried tears of joy watching her sleep in her car seat. from that moment i feel happy .
Getting in a good workout made me happy.
I went to a bird reserve with my 1 year old son that was just down the street from our house. As a stroke of luck the birding migration is happening in Texas right now and after an hour exploring the reserve we both got to observe a rare bird that was stopping in the park as part of his migration journey. I had hoped we might be so lucky and had asked God to help us if it was in His favor. And sure enough! We got to see the bird - it was a Prothonotary Warbler - a bright yellow bird that comes up to the US from Latin America in the spring. It was truly a great moment! 
i buy amazon prime
I had been looking for a new blu ray player, but after some investigating, I decided to buy an Xbox One. I am happy I was able to treat myself to this.
I was happy while watching a childhood cartoon, made for adults, that my friend recommended to me again.
My boss gave me a compliment and assured me of my job security.
Going to dinner with a group of friends
I took the day off to play video games and hang out with my dog.
I went to shopping and my husband found something he wanted and we purchased it.
Getting this HIT again.
I was able to watch the final four on tv.


I enjoyed a walk in nice weather.
In the video game I am playing (Stardew Valley) I was able to bring my friendship points up to a high enough level with my chosen character (Shane) that I was able to marry him.
My husband came home early from work.
I decided to quit heroin.
When I finished a 3 mile run.
I had a nice chat with an old friend on Facebook.
I watched a very funny show last night which 
I went out to dinner, and I saw a server who remembered my favorite meal.
Last night, my girlfriend took me out to dinner and paid for it (has never happened in a year).
My wife & I took our dog for a walk in the park.
It was the opening day of trout yesterday so i was able to go fishing. 
Finding this HIT. Honestly, it brightens my day to see it, because I get paid to talk about things that make me happy. And there's so little that makes me happy that it really helps being reminded about how my life isn't completely terrible all the time.
Eating delicious Italian food. 
My daughter sent a cute photo from her travels.
Singing and dancing in the mirror while I put my makeup on this morning!
After three days of hard work I finally got a script automation program to work for a personal project I am doing.
My funny coworker began quoting one of my favorite comedy movies and laughing with me.
I had donuts for breakfast.
When I was closing the blinds in the back of my house, I noticed my forsythia bushes were in full bloom. It made me happy to see them so bright and colorful after a cold gray winter.
Watching a movie with my family after eating a home cooked meal.
I had a nice dinner with my husband
I went out on a date with my partner. 
A close family member didn't have to have a below the knee amputation because the surgeon didn't feel it was necessary.
Went for a nice long walk along the coast.
My son slept in until 8am this morning. This made me happy because he usually wakes up at 5am. 
I found a $5 bill on the ground and used it to buy a good lunch.
1. My Son get a first rank in his class.
I bought a video game that I had been wanting to purchase for a long time so I felt happy that I finally got the game I had been working for.
Today I have been happy because It's weekend & I getting out with my family, wife and  two children traveling to grandfather's house. 
Having brunch with my parents
It's getting warm. Warm today, and i got to spend sometime outside. Makes me happy to feel the warm air, and it feels good to be outside. Getting ready to enjoy the spring and getting ready for the beach and other fun filled activities. Anything can take place this warm season, and i just get to feel better and see what it has in store. Harsh cold season and it adds to the happiness. 
I woke up to soft rain.
Watching my son make a new friend at the playground. 
i had made a garden in my home.
I ordered a new bad for myself.
I got to sleep in on a Saturday.
I met my girlfriend today, which I have not seen for more than 10 years. We talked with her, and walked. I'm very happy that we met. We were sitting with her in a cafe, and talking about different stories that happened to us during this time.
I slept through the night without waking up.
I made a big pot of chili.
I made us a big hearty breakfast consisting of eggs, ham and hash-browns.
Dell lowered the price of a computer monitor I wanted to buy by $100 and offers some additional savings.
I woke up to the smell of bacon and fresh coffee. 
I was extremely happy with the amount of money I was able to save by using coupons at Walgreens. 
My friend from high school that I haven't heard from in a few years looked me up on facebook and we talked for a while.
I had really good pizza for dinner last night and ate it again for breakfast this morning. 
The basketball game I was watching was really good at the end and the team my friend had money on won.
I enjoyed play FIFA 17 in my playstation 4
I spent the day yesterday with friends. We had a really good time in the city and had a great dinner. 
I took pictures for my sisters prom and she was very happy with how they turned out. 
Sitting down to eat dinner with my family and having a wonderful family talk.
I woke up to my cat happily licking my face.
I had a nice piece of pizza yesterday, it is my favorite, there where a few minutes of bliss.
I saw the first blooming rose of the season in our rose garden.
My 3 year old son hugged his baby sister and said he loves her.
I stayed on my diet.
I ran out of toner on my printer.  I looked on the internet and found one that I could get for $20 including shipping.  I went to Staples and the toner cartridge was $65.  So I ordered one on the internet and was happy that I did not go to Staples first and paid $65.
Yesterday I went out and looked at a new house that I am interested in getting, it made me happy to think about getting a new place.
I walked to the store yesterday and while walking back home a guy parked on the street asks me if I play the guitar. Yes, I replied, I do play the guitar. And he asks me if I could tune his guitar for him. So I tuned his guitar -- the high E string was strung backwards -- and played a few chords. He was impressed with my finger-picking style. And I handed the guitar back to him. I was happy to help out.
It was parents weekend this weekend and a lot of my friends got to see their parents that they haven't seen in a while.
I ordered pizza, and I was happy that it arrived hot, fresh, and exactly as I had ordered it.
My 4 month old niece smiling up at me when I made noises at her.
I had a glass of wine ALONE.
The day became so hot that it felt like summer and I could finally put a dress on.
Watching my plants that I had planted in seed containers sprout almost overnight. They are growing nice and strong, just when I was about to lose hope. It was a happy feeling, when I woke up to see more plants
My daughter surprised me by bringing me dinner. 
Went out to dinner with friends and family for my dads birthday.
I slept late yesterday.
My daughter came home from college for the weekend, and we took her to look at a piece of property that we are thinking of buying.  I wasn't sure how she would feel about it, but she loved it.  
I had pizza for lunch, I love pizza makes me happy.
My favorite football team just had a successful draw.
My friends and I won the majority of video games we played last night.
I was happy because I went to church. I was able to go and praise God. 
I felt happy spending time with my mom.
My happiest moment occurred last night after I had fed my 9 month old baby.  He put his head on his chest and fell asleep.  I love cuddling with my babies and when he did this it reminds me of how lucky I am. 
I took a new OTC medication to treat my migraines and it worked instantly.
I was happy last night after I fucked my goat in the ass.
I was able to sleep long enough last night.
after a long i watched few videos from BBC earth , i just felt how much amazing creature are in this world which we never knew. i feel like to have a journey birds island. 
I had sex with my wife after weeks apart from silly arguments
My sister came to visit and I gave her a hug.
Playing some video games with my friends this weekend and relaxing after a long week made me happy because I had a fun time and got to speak with my friends.
I went out to eat with some friends for the first time in a while and it was fun.
I found out I passed a class I took a few weeks ago.
I ate dinner with my roommate and her friend and we all chatted together while we ate.
I came from church and my Dad wan't home. o Anxiety, yay.

I walked a 5K with my daughter and son for the Autism Family Network and felt good about helping out families that need it.
I wanted my friend to go to the store with me so I didn't have to go alone, and they did!
I was able to get my wifi to work correctly again after being frustrated for hours.
I made an amazing Italian roast coffee.
I saw my best friend yesterday night for dinner.
Attending my best friend from High School's baby shower yesterday afternoon. 
I bought a pineapple for 99 cents at the grocery store
I found out that I'm going to be having dinner with some friends tonight. 
I ate some leftover pizza that my boyfriend and I made together the previous night. Even though it was a day old, it was even tastier than it was when it was fresh out of the oven.
I went to a new snooker parlor and played for nearly 3-4 hours for free as it was the grand opening day :P
I saw my niece hit a triple in softball in a softball tournament. My brother sent me a video of her & I was cheering because she made me so proud. 
Watching my kids play basketball and laughing together for over an hour after they've been not getting along all morning.
I got the living room spotless! Spring Cleaning at its finest!
Walking around the neighborhood and enjoying the spring flowers.
My son at a good day at work. It is his first week on his first job and the previous day he had a really hard time.
Playing with my newborn baby made me happy.
Pirates Of The Caribbean 3 was on TV and I forgot how much I enjoyed the movie. 
Enjoying a meal with friends.
toady had dinner with my parents
I received a check in the mail and I can't wait to cash it!
Last night my cat slept peacefully next to me all night, then smiled at me and put his paw lovingly on my hand in the morning when I woke up.
Earlier today the cafeteria had mashed potatoes with gravy that were really good, it was unexpected.
My wife and I visited a local amusement park for the first time. 
I went to a party at someone's house last night.
TODAY WE ARE GOING TO PARK. MY SON PLAYING WITH ME. I FEEL VERY HAPPY. BECAUSE HE WAS PLAYING. HE WAS 11MONTHS BABY.
I was checking out at the grocery store and the cashier was an elderly woman. She asked if I needed any help carrying my groceries to my car, and she had such a positive attitude that was both optimistic and humorous.
I got to watch my alma mater play in the Final Four (unfortunately they lost).
I found a little time to read a book I've been wanting to read.
I had a meal at one of my favorite restaurants and it made me happy.
I bought a new shirt for myself.
Took 2 fast busses to work.
My family and I went to a ceremony at the cemetery today to honor my grandfather.
Just today I was raking the copious pile of leaves in the front yard when a neighbor came over, introduced himself and helped me.
Opening day of baseball season has arrived.
My partner made breakfast for me, even though I didn't ask.
I had a relaxing morning at starbucks. 
I got to sleep in this morning and woke up feeling well rested which made me happy. 
My boyfriend texted me goodmorning.
Went to have dinner yesterday to my mum's house, she made a lovely meal , it was pretty nice and relaxing.
Yesterday I had an ultrasound, I was able to see my 16 week old baby girl, it was incredible and beautiful. 
I helped my father plant tomatoes and pepper in the garden and watered the garden afterwards.
I felt very happy when I was able to help my 11 year old neighbor and her Dad catch their dog. The dog escaped but I was able to help catch her by tempting the pup with treats. My neighbors were very happy to have their dog on the leash again. 
My mom made the family lamb gyro for dinner.
My adorable 3 year old niece came to visit.
I have two dogs, my friend came up with her two dogs and we went for a walk in the sunshine with them. 
I got to sleep in, which I needed badly.
I received an email yesterday from my college informing me i made the President's Honour List for this year. This is the first time I've been academically recognized.
I got a call from an old friend.
I prepped my day the night before 
Today is a sunny nice day out and it made me happy to wake up to the sun shinning in my face. 
I found out my boyfriend is going to be moving to my city, and we will no longer be in a long-distance relationship.
Yesterday we went to the zoo for my husband's birthday. While we were there, we saw the seals and sea lions swimming around like sleek torpedoes in their enclosure. I must have watched them for a good 15-20 minutes, and then the keepers came out and started to feed them and entertain them for enrichment. It was adorable and awesome. 
in past time i am very happy .why because i am not excepted my husband given sudden surprise,what is that is we are going to other countries for enjoy.
I visited my significant other who lives in another city.
I got a job interview at a place I really wanted to work at.
My infant son smiled and reached out for me when I got home. 
today i went for shopping and bought branded name brand suit that make me very happy.
Last night I watched the NCAA semi-finals on television and was happy to see that North Carolina won.  I picked them to win the championship over two months ago. One more game.
I got my daily income goal
Yesterday, me and my friends went out to get milkshakes.
I ate a delicious meal w pizza and mozzarella sticks.
I ran 4 miles at the park.
My friend came over and spent the night last night and we had a great visit.
I planted new vegetables in my garden. When I was done I sat by them and read and enjoyed the sun.
I was playing steel-tip darts and the highest score you can achieve in one round is 180 points.  I usually go months between 180s.  Yesterday, I hit two 180s in a matter of 4 turns.
The guy I have been seeing recently for about 3 months came to my house with flowers for no apparent reason.
Going to the roller rink with my friends and family for the night.
I enjoyed spending the day at a craft show with my step-sister.
I FINISHED SHOVELING THE DRIVEWAY AFTER THE SNOW STORM !
I went outside and saw some grass starting to grow up.
I went on a long bike ride, about 22 miles, while I listened to music
I got to go to bed after a very long day at work when I was very tired.
I had a nice afternoon nap and woke up refreshed.
I realized I still had some peanut butter cup ice cream left in my freezer that I had not finished.
My boyfriend texted me last night and told me he loved me.
My son going to his friends house. Her grandpa recently passed away and it,ad me happy that he could go over there and make her happy.
I went out with friends last night whom I haven't seen in months.
I went on a bike ride by the river with my daughter.
Last night attended my grandson's 13th birthday party. It was a boy and girl party with music and dancing. When the first dance was starting he asked me, his grandmother, to dance with him. This was the happiest moment ever. He is my only grandson.
I won a the bowling game against my friend Paty
My favorite soccer team won the game
In the past 24 hours, I found a Funko plushie of the Tusken Raider riding a Bantha at Target, which I was really happy about because they were just released and all of my friends wanted one and so I was really glad that I was able to be the first one out of all of my friends to pick one up and to have one because it's really cool and looks great.
Sitting outside in the warm spring weather while my husband cooked dinner on the grill and my three year old son ran around in the backyard playing with our dog made me happy yesterday evening.
My best friend gave me a very good book to read
One event that made me happy was finding new HITs on Mturk.
I was happy today when I had a headache, and my spouse took care of me and made sure that I was feeling better.  
It's been storming all day, and I love the sound of rain. Because of the storm, I've been able to relax and listen all day.
It made me happy to see the tulips we planted blooming today.
I saw a dog a hanging his head out the window and his tongue hanging out.
Today I found $20 that I had previously lost so I used it to fill my gas tank.
Every morning I get up and walk with my step father, we talk about current events and what going on in the world, 
we also like looking at the sun transitioning in the morning as the sun rise, gives a beautiful look in the sky, count our blessings as we walk.
Spending weekend with family.
My cousin got out of prison today and I saw him for the first time in almost two years
drinking at happy hour.
i finally had time to go to the dentist after 6 years. My teeth are feeling really nice right now
I made huge profit from the business transaction I completed in the past 24 hours.
I feel a sparkle at whatever point I recall yesterday I went to the International exchange reasonable with some of my companions. That was my first International exchange reasonable visit and this was such a cheerful affair, to the point that despite everything I feel an extraordinary euphoria discussing the memory of this occasion.
I had a cigarette on the sidewalk.
I made some delicious bread.
Completing my job applications
I found out that one of my favorite shows has a new season out.
For the first time in months I almost have enough to pay my share of the rent that is due tomorrow. It has motivated me to work even harder.
I played a table top rpgs with friends and had fun. 
I found a beautiful home today on zillow.com today that made me very excited about moving. I looked at the photos several times online and shared the home with my husband. We talked about living in that home and what we could do with that house. 
One thing that made me happy was playing the new Zelda game on my WiiU with my 10 year old niece.
I woke up to find that my husband had cleaned the house.
Took my kids to a gymnastics meet. 
The weather was really nice for the first time in a few months and I was able to go outside and sit in the sun and read a book for a few hours. I was really relaxing and made me happy. 
I met someone new this week and yesterday we were able to hang out for a while and talk. It was interesting and there are some things I find that we have in common. It's always a good thing to meet someone new especially when you're a person who doesn't have many friends as is my case.
My baby isn't much of a laugher, but last night she made the cutest laughs that made me laugh myself.
I stayed up late last night to work on an Mturk batch and made $25 for the day.
Today while grocery shopping I found a toy my kid loves, so I got it to surprise her.  While helping me bring in groceries she noticed the toy in a bag and got very excited.  Her happiness made me happy, and her gratitude also made me very happy.  I love doing things for her that I know will make her happy because it makes me happy too.
It got warmer outside and melted some of the snow. 
I drank a warm cup of coffee, and it was good.
Yesterday, I had to go to a health fair for my job and represent my job. I was surrounded by other businesses that were ran by successful professionals and I felt happiness and pride that my employer thought I would be the best equipped out of all of our employees to handle representation of our business at this fair.
When I ate a sub from the grocery store.
I helped my nephew with his school project.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was a new episode of Rick and Morty came out.
I was exercising on the elliptical and my favorite song came on Spotify and I felt a burst of joy.
I ate a really good steak for dinner
I went out to my favorite restaurant.
My car passed its annual inspection with no repairs needed
I spoke to my mom on the phone and she's feeling better.
My mom lives abroad and she called me today... just to hear my voice, without a specific reason... that felt good!
I gave catnip to my cat and watched him act silly for a minute.
Mississippi State beat UCONN last night.
My husband got me Chinese food for dinner, which I have been craving for a couple weeks.
Watching my favorite show while drinking wine.
I bought myself some chocolate - some new hershey's cookie layer thing, and it is very good.
I was paid a large bonus today.
The day started off rainy and then the sun came out this afternoon.
We took our boys to the U-pick strawberry farm this afternoon and they loved it.
I found out my sister finally moved out of her horrible living situation today.
I got my package from Amazon about five days before I was expecting it.
I enjoyed the new Mastodon album.
I got popcorn - white cheddar popcorn, to be specific, before I'm about to start back up on a diet that would stop me from having it. 
My younger daughter turned 30.  We had a party attended by friends and relatives.
I pranked my girlfriend for April Fools.
I played a video game and tried to relax. I eventually had fun with it.
Walking around and shopping at the mall with my sister.
A really good dinner. Chicken salad sandwich was amazing
I had enough in the bank to pay bills coming due through 4/10/17.
I was able to teach one of my hens to hop up on my open hand.
I got to thank my friends for their help with my daughters birth with a dinner in their honor.
I'm finally getting to watch the movie, "Sing!".
i put in for vacation to go to a cabin, it made me feel good knowing i can do that and we'll hopefully be able to use this cabin fora  long time.
The weather was a bit nicer than it has been for the past several days.
The organic hummus I bought is delicious. 
I went for a walk outside in the beautiful weather.
My friend called to touch base.
The sun came out after raining all week. I don't care for rain, and it usually make me feel down when it has been raining all week. When it came out, I felt relieved and happy.
I will get to eat Montreal's famous roast beef for diner.
Today I got up early and had a walk with my father.It was really energetic and felt that the day would start awesome.After a long walk and a shower I felt very fresh and boosted up.I was glad that I could make it.
I baked a cake for dessert tonight.
My husband worked 12 hours and surprised me by bringing home dinner.  It was barbequed wings.
I enjoyed a bowl of cereal for breakfast with nowhere I had to go afterwards.
Spoke with a friend, who happens to be very good to me...we had a great conversation.
My daughter called and told me that she just got a new full time job in the town where she and her husband just moved to.
My son is leaving for college in August.  I am always happy when he fills out scholarship applications.  He did so yesterday evening.
My neighbor helped me out with carrying something today.
I had a great workout today and right after I finished, I weighed myself and lost 2 more pounds!
Lunch at Maxi's Restaurant with my wife and daughter.
being able to just relax with my family during this saterday which happen to be a fairly lazy day.
My boyfriend and I were in the car. I was quite upset due to a previous event. He disliked physical touch, but suddenly we reaches over and grabs my hand.
While laying in bed my girlfriend during the night would get close to me so that we could feel each other's warmth.  It made me happy that she wanted to be close to me.
I took my girlfriend fishing and she caught two nice fish.
I had a delicious sub at Subway today. 
I was happy when I completed a big hit on Mturk.
Having lunch with my mother.
I felt happy when I ate dinner and gained a burst of energy.
I went to Walmart and spent way less money than I thought I would on groceries.
My favorite lunch meat was on special and on sale at the grocery store.  
I was happy when my fiancA(c) called me last night to tell me goodnight. 
My fiancee left me a thank you note on the mirror for cleaning the house.
I ate a tasty funnel cake that was one of the best I ever had.
I enjoyed scrambled eggs and oatmeal for breakfast this morning.
I watched a movie I've been wanting to see for a while. 
I had time to explore a national park. 
I watched the Final Four basketball game.
My sister came over to visit today after not seeing her for a very long time. I was very excited about this.
It made me happy to read a good book on sales strategies `
Playing a board game with my mother and family friends.
I went to a vegan mac n cheese hotdish cookoff with a good friend.
I went out to dinner tonight.
Feeling myself get stronger at yoga today because I've been doing it more often lately. 
I finished reading a financial audit and I was able to understand everything that was in it. 
I went out shopping and dinner with my family yesterday. My daughter was great at the restaurant and it was a very enjoyable experience! 
I spent time with my family.
I heard from an overseas friend who told me she is coming to visit next week.
It was my cheat meal day!
I had a bowl of homemade chocolate ice cream.
Went to grab a new pair of shoes.
I was happy that the new recipe I tried turned out well.
Getting a new pair of shoes that I've been looking for over the past few weeks.
I was happy when I shopped in Saver's by myself.
I got to go home early from work, since I had worked overtime many of the days beforehand and my project completed.
i was happy when i get to eat hot pot at night
Tonight, I did not burn myself while frying pork chops and they we much tastier than I expected them to be. 
I experimented with my meatball recipe and it happened to be much tastier than I had expected.
I got to nap when my daughter napped.  
made myself a delicious egg salad 
My husband did the shopping for the week.
A got to take a nap.
The mangoes, I bought were fresh and sweet.
Spending time with my folks today made me happy.
I took my children to a local festival.
My mother who has been sick began feeling a lot better today and was even able to exercise a little bit.
My husband pointed out a mistake in a movie we watched and made a joke about it.
I woke up to the smell of freshly cooked bacon, the smell filled the entire house. I love bacon but hate paying the price so my husband surprised me with it and cooked it up while I was sleeping.
Went to library and they had the book I wanted to read.
I felt my baby kick when I placed my hand on my wife's belly
I am happy that I am home with my girlfriend watching basketball.
I took my friends out to eat and what the NCAA tournament.
I ate at a steak restaurant last night with a friend I had not seen in a long time.
My daughter said I love you at the dinner table for no apparent reason.
I got to go to the gym and exercise. 
I watched my son play in the sand for the first time; he didn't eat any and that made me happy. 
I went to starbucks and had some delicious coffee
I devoured an angus beef and cheese sandwich at Schlotzsky's for dinner, it was good.
I hit my financial goal for the day. 
The hubby fixed the car, so now we don't have to take it to the shop on Monday, Hooray!
Yesterday I got a call from my sister and was able to talk to my nieces and nephews for a few minutes.
Someone told me I had a good soul.
This morning I went shopping and bought a new dress.
I hugged my boyfriend.
My  neighbor was having a party and invited my girlfriend and myself.
I cleaned out my office and decorated it pretty and girly.
My son went to a birthday party with a friend from preschool. I love that he has close friendships and feels like he belongs. 
I earned $2 on MTurk yesterday which sounds like peanuts, but it was my goal and I met it.
What made me happy was my chihuahua Luke going to the bathroom outside when I took him out this morning. 
I worked on a light wood glider.
I completed a 10 page research paper.
I was happy that I heard my music online.
today i finally taught my dog how to give a high five, it was a big feeling of accomplishment for the two of us after weeks of working on it with slow progress now it's smooth sailing.
Yesterday evening i played carrom board and chess game with my brother and my friend Jenifer. Totally played 17 games. I won 15 games and 2 games draw. They tried so much to beat me. But they can't beat me. They was really angry. How can he won the 15 games. Both of them thinking i was cheating them, no never. Why should i cheat them I'm district player of carrom and chess. They're worrying for theirs loss. I feel happy and advised them play with concentration definitely you will won all the games. 
I went to a movie and I took the train , I do have a nice car, but taking a train is relaxing because I am a teacher, the movie was GEt out and it was good!!!.  It was good to get away.
I managed to burn more calories than usual.
I received something in the mail I was waiting for.
I found extra chocolate candy in the kitchen and I was able to eat it without anybody noticing.
my monthly wages already on my debit
My daughter and I were in a bad mood so we decided to have a junk food eating party and I set up a big snack spread and we both had a good laugh and changed our moods around.
I had a great and delicious lunch.
Before lunch we played dress-up I helped her put on the princess dress complete with a crown, jewelry, shoes, and make-up. We both had a fun, happy time.
I got a call from my mom that my cousins are coming to town this weekend for a visit. 
My ran up and hugged my leg when I got home.  
I figured up all my bills and realized I have plenty of money to last me until my next paycheck.
I experienced no April Fools joke on me today.
I went out and got some shopping done today.
Seeing my son learn how to play the game of T-Ball in our front yard.
My spouse asked me if I wanted to go to a movie with her.
I won twenty dollars on a scratch off lottery ticket.
I got a new action figure for my collection of Star Wars figures in the den. I setup some custom lights around them on the display shelves for effect too.
I got to spend the day talking, shopping, and hanging out with my mom.
My son got a first place on competition.
At the evening when I was drinking a strawberry tea with my friend at Starbucks 
I got to use the grill for the first time since last summer.
I applied a personal loan from my bank, surprisingly it was sanctioned within few hours. Got a message confirmation from my mobile which i received late night saying my loan amount credited . it was a good news when i wake up.
I spent time talking with my neighbor.
I got my car fixed finally. Now I can go more places.
I found out my husband got a promotion at work and I was very happy about that.
I woke up well rested. My brother died two weeks ago and I have had trouble sleeping since then, this was the first morning that I woke up feeling like I had had enough sleep and could do the things I enjoy today. 
My bank account is credited with my salary.
We are working on training our dog, and I was happy when she successfully reacted in the appropriate way.
My baby boy smiled and laughed.
I just received my March salary.
I got to work a shorter shift today, and I was grateful because I had a long week, working in several stores this week.
Getting free totes from Sears.
I had time to read about 20 pages of a book on corporate finance I am really interested in.
My husband made dinner for the kids and I and it was delicious. I was so happy to not have to cook and the kids ate everything.
While my elder son explain his friend's party in a star hotel, i was hear that enjoyable movement of his.
My son got selected in for school cricket camp.
Finish what i intended to do that was hitting my quota and beyond.
Job promotion
I ate my favourite Mexican food for dinner.
My son born and I got an excitement of foreign tour
Yesterday i was very happy because i went to local astrology event program and now i learned some astrology predictions.
My mother made me a pumpkin pie from scratch.  She knows this is my favorite and that I love her recipe.  It made me feel loved that she made it for me and it was delicious hence my happiness.
I found out that I was going to work one of my favorite exhibits at work today.
My other daughter finally made an important decision about her upcoming wedding.
I cleaned part of my house, leaving me happy and satisfied.
My cat came over and sat next to me for a long time, which he has done only once in his life.
Tried a new pizza place that opened in my neighborhood and it's very good!
Ran into an old fling that I have not spoke to and over a month. Had a very short conversation. 
I felt happy earlier today while I was eating a delicious salad from Wendy's.
my husband is away for a business trip took a picture of what he bought for me overseas.
My eight year old said, "I like having you as a mom."
I went to see movie with wife last night and spend a leisure time with her and I was happy.
I bought myself a new pair of shoes and a new pair of pants.
I was able to pay some of my Dad's bills off today so he will have more money left over each month. 
Someone gave me a book I've wanted for years but had never requested.
i got back my grades for my exams
I visited with my brother and we joked about current events.
Finished all the work I needed to do for my job on site before lunch.
My favorite sports team won a big game.
I was able to eat with my girlfriend and her family, and they were very happy we were getting engaged.
I made myself an ice cream cone.
I saw a horror movie named "Dora".This movie is really wonderful to see.
The weather was excellent today
I took a drive to do a quick task for a new job I'm doing and enjoyed doing it.
I went to a 1st birthday party for a baby whose nickname is "Bunny" and she was wearing adorable tiny bunny ears the whole time. 
I finished a project at work at the end of the day yesterday; it was my goal to finish before I left work.
Taking a bite of a yummy biscuit and some delicious warm chicken strips from a restaurant that I didn't have to cook today, for dinner,
I finished everything on my to do list.
I made chicken stir-fry for dinner and it was delicious.
I made a roast with potatoes and carrots for company and it turned out perfectly.  I got many compliments.
I went out with seven of my friends this afternoon to an Escape Room place that was a lot of fun.  We picked the "pirate ship" room, and we had one hour to solve puzzles, riddles, and find clues to "free" ourselves from the brig of the pirate ship simulation.  We had a really great time.
I proposed a girl and she said yes.
My client complimented me and said that Im the best insurance agent she has ever had.
I was happy today when I went to Macy's and we found several clothing items that were on sale for 60 to 80 percent off for our son that is due in August.
I was able to spend some time with my brother who lives out of state.
I felt happy when my dog was being extra cuddly.
My friend came to visit me and I was very happy to see her.  I didn't know she was coming over.  I had left something in her car and she brought it over to me.  We had coffee and a nice visit.  
my wife made dinner.
I let my cat out early in the morning and hadn't seen him by 2:00 in the afternoon. He's usually ready to come in by 10:00 in the morning to eat and I was getting worried that something was wrong. I looked everywhere and called and called him, but he was nowhere to be seen. Finally he came crawling out from under some bushes where he'd been sleeping. I was so relieved and happy to see him.
My boyfriend came over and we had a great time talking and snuggling on the couch.
I had coffee.
Today, I was able to wake up without having to set an alarm.
took my child to her school musical
I completed one section of a report that i had been working on for a week.
I killed a great climbing route.
I made a delicious dinner and my picky son loved it.
I was playing a baseball video game and won in dramatic fashion against another team.
I went to the casino and finally won some money.  It wasn't a whole lot of money but enough to make me happy finally.
I found a dollar on the street.
I got a new gaming laptop!
I was supposed to go to work tonight, but my boss called and said I was not needed.
Having a positive visit with my mother-in-law in the assisted living facility.  She's looney as a bat, but today she was almost focused for moments, and we had a very nice visit.  
I got one small gift from my mother.
I bought a new outfit and I found a nice deal on shoes.
In the afternoon my son returned from school and told me how he had gone in the vocational interview. The psychologist believes that his skills are closely related to his interests and he predicted much success in his studies. That made me feel very happy for him and proud
 My favorite movie came on TV this afternoon and I was able to watch it all the way through.
My 6-year-old telling me how much he loves me. I am going out of town for a few days, and he doesn't want me to go, and says he will miss me so much. It was bittersweet, but made me happy to hear him express how much he loves me, and will miss me when I am gone.
I walked into the kitchen and saw that my mother had bought me a package of my favorite sugar cookies as a surprise.
My work provided free ice cream for doing well on a recent evaluation
Washed all my clothes and cleaned the house
I drive for Uber part time.  My schedule is very busy with my full time job and family so I do not get a lot of time to drive for Uber.  They have a feature I discovered which allows me to set a destination, so now when I leave work I turn on the app and set my destination to home.  It works great because I can pick people up that are traveling in the same direction I am.  Today when I left work I got a $10 fare and had a great conversation with the person.  It made me feel great to get paid to drive somewhere I was already going anyways. 
I went to the gym and saw the guy that gives me butterflies every time I see him.
I had a pizza party with my family last night.
 Earlier this morning, I was able to attend the special Olympics. It made me happy to see so many special people being able to find success in different sports. 
yesterday, I went out with my mom to the mall, we had a good time talking and shopping, I just love her
Going out and exploring the city made me happy today
I drove to mountains. 
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.
I met with my high school friends and enjoyed a lot.
 My wife and I were able to have lunch together yesterday, that always makes me happy. 
 Today, I was able to watch a movie with my girls, it was a fun day to do that and made me very happy. 
went to a movie with my friend
My brother in law is going to prom tonight and asked us to take pictures of him and his date. 
I got to sleep in this morning because it's Saturday. 
When I was in a party, I got someone's wallet lying on the floor and I was able to give it to the owner on the same day.
I was able to catch a good suspense movie on TV.
in a event i sell many shirt and i get a lot of money for that
Watching a movie with my family
I got a surprise reimbursement check in the mail today.  It was for $327.  I knew it was coming, but it was still nice.
I got to see my nephew again after not seeing him for a few weeks.
My husband cooked breakfast for us today and cleaned up the kitchen after himself.  
Another event that made me happy withing the past 24 hours was finally finishing a design project I had been working on for weeks.
My son played in freezing cold water and had so much fun at the beach.
My mom bought me a shamrock milkshake.
Being able to get the ingredients for the food i have been wanting.
My son was accepted as a Scholar at the University of his choice.
My girlfriend surprised me by paying for lunch. We went out to eat at a Mexican place. The bill was over $30 so this was really nice of her.
It was when my friend had a birthday benefit held for him.
I ran for 25 minutes straight, a new record.
Me, my 11 month old son, and my husband went on a nice walk to the DQ and to the Goodwill to going shopping. It was nice that me and my husband had the day off an that we got to go no a nice walk on a nice day and spend quality time together with or son. 
i was able to relax and not think about work.
I watched my daughter's gymnastics class. 
My son sat on my lap and ate a snack while I was holding a friend's baby.
when i watch comedy movie then i feel happy. because i laughing a lot and i feel stress free.
I was having dinner with my parents and my dad said something really funny that had us laughing for a long time.
My daughter and her family came over for dinner.
I received an email saying that an employer would like to interview me for an open position at their company.
I got a kiss from my wife!
I got my favorite coffee with a shot of amaretto and just sat outside and enjoyed it.
I saw that there was some items at the store on sale that I needed.
I did some old bigger person morning arrange food parcel them self. They blessing whole my family it was good feel for me.  
Visiting my Grandma made me happy. 
i am watching a nice movie right now
I went out on a date and it went very well.
I figured out how to use a few scripts on Mturk.  I have been adding up how much money I made everyday with a goal of $10. I finally figured out how to do the script.  It makes me happy every time I do a survey to refresh it to see how much I have made. 
Tonight at work a coworker took the time to compliment me on a large project I have been working on. It was just a side comment but It made me extremely happy to hear that my work and effort had been valued.
I was incredibly happy when my son's baseball team won all three of the pool play games in this weekends tournament.
We are cooking a huge amount of my favorite food.
I finished a project for work that I had been working on for months.
I  met an acquaintance of mine from my college on my morning walk
I got April Fooled by my little brother. It made me happy because lately he's been doing so well.
I met with my college friend and we had lot of funs together.
I went  to the movies with my girlfriend to see Beauty and the Beast.
yesterday we were happy to give a treat to the one of the famous person who received an award from president of india, and we made that function a good one.
Playing a card game with my grandparents.
I unlocked a difficult level need for underground Game. I have been playing from last one week to unlock it.
What made me happy was getting a dozen roses from my boyfriend
I found a new way to introduced my main male character in my novel today and I finally feel I found the right way to do it.
I had a pedicure and the foot rub during it was amazing.
Small child teaches  young man. 
Getting paid to complete a crossword puzzle.
my family going to temple
A friend of mine was somewhat angry with me but we managed to work out our differences and we are on good term once again.
I spent almost a month with great anxiety regarding my result publication. I started speculating so many things and many of them were negative. I could hardly keep away the tensions about my upcoming result. The result was so important that my college admission would mostly depend on it. I could not sleep well in the night before the result publishing. I think this is a common anxiety for students and I was familiar with this type of anxiety. However, this particular exam results game me more nightmares than any other time of my life. 
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
I lost my job saying the reason of manpower reduction. So I was searching for the job which was hard to get at my age. Yesterday I received a call for an interview and I immediately received the result of selection . My joy was endless and I am very much happy at it.my whole family got excited
This is the happiest moment of my life. Being born here, i could never imagine this university actually existing.
happiness is the best part of my life, in fact, being happy is all we need. if you are feling happy. you'll love to let your friends and family know about. it is a wonderful feeling too, especially when you;ll realize that they are glad to see happiness and smile on your face. Maybe that's all they are looking for.
My dad gave me $50 for helping him buy a car. 
My wife made me chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast today
Today I talked to my mother on phone after 15 days
I got my paycheck deposited into my bank account, and I got a bonus for working super well. 
I went for a comedy movie and i was very happy after watching it.
I was able to exercise by playing tennis and basketball.
My kids helped with the dishes. 
I had requested a meeting organizer for a call in phone number to one of the meetings so that one of my colleagues who was working remotely and expert in the topic could attend.  I was happy when the meeting organizer obliged and gave me a call in number that I was able to provide to my colleague.
I played with my granddaughter at the park for an hour.
I cuddled and pet my cat Venus. 
I found out I get to cat sit my favorite cat in two weeks.
My dad told a joke.
This morning I ran the mile for the first time this year. After running the mile I felt great, and I was happy. But soon after I started to get tired, and knew that I was going to ache later.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.

I watched a TV show and it was enjoyable.
On my way to work my favorite song came on the radio.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say Have a nice day and Take care.
I m very happy when me and my wife go to cinema hall for watching new movie.
i played a game on the pc called shoppe keep.
Big Dad Found this hit...again... on Hits worth turking.
I tried making strawberry cheesecake, and it came out successful in the first try
it's the ultimate goal every day you wake up, to be happy. At the end of the week, you want to be happy. Happy in love, happy in work, happy in life, happy with yourself. It;s pretty simple	
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.
In the past 24 hrs I went out for a long drive with my friend n I was so happy to spend time with him 
Today morning I got the very nice massage.
I was happy to have dinner with some good friends.
I was able to have steak on the grill made for me, so delicious to have a home cooked meal.
I was very happy when my son playing with whole day
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
I made dinner. 
I completed my tax returns for 2016 this evening.
I got a bonus from my job for my level of performance over the last quarter.
My friend made a great chemistry joke and I am a nerd so it made me happy. 
Today morning My younger son returned from his tour after 10 days. Without him my whole family was really missing him. As soon as he arrived we are very happy enjoying with him
I met up with a friend for lunch.
I made big tips at work as a busboy today.
I got home from the store and my daughter ran up to me and said, "Mommy, I love you. Where did you go?"
Talked with a friend and was laughing joking around.
I aced two very difficult anatomy tests thanks to the assistance provided by my tutor leading up to the test. 
My girlfriend gave me dome.
Actually today morning while walking in park, i found two baby squirrels playing near tree hub, so by seeing those very cute play, made me really very very happy.
i went to see my old friends yesterday
My best friend told me that she looks up to me as a sister.
It is an holiday
Several of my dahlias have buds! 
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO MOVIE
my husband cooking dinner for me.
i went to movie
Today being sunday I received an inspirational sermon.
I mustered up enough energy to vacuum behind some furniture. 
I went to Yoga Class.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO YOGA
I went to Dance class.
I WENT TO MOVIE
 
 
I am very happy because I have learned much about many things.


I WENT TO MOVIE
My family and I went to our capitol, we were sightseeing and after had dinner in a nice Italian restaurant. 
I WENT MOVIE.
I got buffet offer in my near by hotel and i went to have lunch and they told me that they would offer free meal for my kid as she is below 5years old and it made me happy
I met my old class teacher long back
I had some good food.
I was finally able to find a companion bird for my daughter's pet, which has been very hard to locate.
Got a first prize for bike stunned
A long chat with my dad made my day happy
I contributed to my cricket team's success to reach to semifinal and I was thrilled and happy after hitting winning six of the match.

Another event that made me feel happy today was that for lunch I went out to my favorite local restaurant and ate some of my favorite foods that they made.  I normally can not go to this restaurant because my schedule is typically packed, but because I had some free time today I made my way out to the restaurant. 
Showing my son the new Cars 3 trailer, we are super excited!
I went to theater with my boy friend and watched a horror movie. I was fearing for the horror scenes. By seeing that my boy friend laughed at me. 
My cat finally decided to sleep in the new bed I bought for her.
My youngest son came home.
I am an avid reader.  I track the number of books and page count of every book I read.  I have been doing this every year since December 2003.  I've read an impressive number of books since then if I say so myself!  Every month, I look at my reading numbers, especially the number of pages read.  I have an unofficial goal of reading 100 pages a day.  I have yet to reach the goal of 100 pages a day for every day of the year (36,500 pages for the year).  At the end of March, I was 200 pages over that rate which means I have read over 100 pages a day so far this year.  Normally by the end of March I am already behind that goal.  Like I said, only of interest to me, but even so, it's an accomplishment.
I was happy that I successfully helped my father research, find and purchase a wireless keyboard with all the features he was looking for.
Having a nice long conversation with my step mother made me very happy.
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
Long ago, men went to sea, and women waited for them, standing on the edge of the water, scanning the horizon for the tiny ship. Now I wait for Henry. He vanishes unwillingly, without warning. I wait for him. Each moment that I wait feels like a year, an eternity. Each moment is as slow and transparent as glass. Through each moment I can see infinite moments lined up, waiting. 
While talking to my parents about my day.
WAS RIDING MY BIKE INSANELY ON AN HIGHWAY.
i went to meet my friends yesterday
My boyfriend and I spent the afternoon together and it was  amazing.
I watched a movie.
My boyfriends brought me rose this morning and it's not even my birthday.
I watched my friend sing karaoke and it was really good.
I played roulette online which was fun.
My youngest daughter earned the student of the month award at her school.
My family and i went to see Boss Daddy and had a good laugh during the movie.
I went to a romantic candle light dinner with my girlfriend and we spent a quality time together.
I went to a shabu place and then got some boba drinks with my two best friends.
I watch a funny reality show in the TV.
Sleeping, trust me Iam not the kinda person who slouches in the bed 10a12 hours, I barely get 3a4 hrs of sleep a day and the rest of the day I go to college and then fiddle my brain with coding and assignments, but today turned out to be a good day for me, I had enough amount of sleep, listening to the soft music, watching the climate. Everything went excellent in terms of rest.
Talked to a cousin on phone.
Then I bought a video game that I was longing to play, and I was exhilarated when I was able to get it to work on my computer.
The weather report included one day next week predicted to be 70 degrees.
i went to my regular job and did fairly decent in cash made, as well.
Playing game with my daughter
My dad congratulated me for the successful frame completion 
I got a substantial amount of money which I considered as a bad debt all these years... The amount loaned by me to a friend of mine some years ago was returned by him to me yesterday... This was totally unexpected and gave me a lot of sudden happiness...
A Sonic drive-in restaurant had been in works for some time within my neighborhood and as I passed by today, I saw they finally opened up. I ended up getting lunch there. The next closest Sonic is probably in another state.
My youngest child actually took a nap yesterday afternoon.  I was able to sit back and relax for a bit.  This helped to recharge my batteries.  
My dog give birth to two baby dogs.
I watch a funny video today.
My friend and I were really tired so we decided to get back home and just sleep for the day. The very next day, we wanted to go biking earlier than most of the usual locals, so we left at 9 AM. We had to backtrack to get back to the amazing spectacle from the previous night, but we didn't start because my bike was taken by my father. We searched for the bike to have a ride. My father's friend gave us the bike and we enjoyed.
A friend of mine celebrated one year of sobriety today after years of struggling with opioid addiction, and we spoke on the phone for a few hours about how far he has come.
I ate a good BBQ sandwich with my friend.
Talking to my husband about our future dreams made me very happy. We are taking steps towards living our dreams and can feel those dreams getting closer so that make me very happy.
I met my relatives who were travelling and their train had a stop in our city.
My friend gifted me a cue puppy yesterday, i am so happy.
I got a valuable gift from my friend.
Today i dont have much money, i thought to take breakfast after going to temple. But in temple itself they gave me more food. On returning i got free butter milk.
I purchased a new samsung smart phone today.
While out running errands I stopped and got a strawberry shake which made me happy as I haven't had one in nearly a year. 
I weighed myself on the scale and realized I had successfully lost ten pounds in one month.
I worked on my music production.
my friend's birthday party
I brought new mobile with my savings.
Last Friday I brought a new car which was the long waiting dream for we all.
When I was able to try the new starbucks beverage, which is limited edition

I didn't have to go pick up my sister from work tonight which is around 1am and usually about 2 hours travel time. 
I ordered subs for dinner from a pizza shop and they were great.
I took my parents out for lunch
I changed my proof  temporary address to permanent address after a long days, it made me happy
I have attended a program to help orphan children, which made to think about others life. A great moment.
prepared sweet for the first time
I got offer for a free recharge and it made me happy
When I reached the Airport just in time to catch my flight.
I meditated, which made me feel calm and focused.
I was able to help a coworker who I had problems with in the past so we kind of mended the fences and I think can get a long better going forward.
A new game in the series I like got announced to be coming this year.
I made chapattis round today. After practice of many days today I was successful to make them round.
Wrote an article for my organisation magazine.
My period came so that means I am not pregnant.
I made a cappuccino for myself and it was delicious.
Going on long drive with friends
My partner and I had a disagreement which we resolved easily and respectfully, and I am grateful that we were able to communicate with each other so well.
I am addicted to caffeine so when I finally got some soda I was really happy, haven't had any in like two days.
Learning to use firebase with my app made me happy
When I saw that some lemon seeds I have planted from a lemon started sprouting this morning. So happy to have a lemon tree in the making.
I got a new friend today. He is very good with his behavior too.
My wife made me dinner last night. 
I went to church today and prayed for God to forgive me my sins because my religious belief is against drinking Alcohol and I drank a whole bottle of Whisky the previous day so I felt dirty and remorseful. I have asked God to forgive me 
Sharing a meal with my family today.
I took a second poop, it made me feel even better. I usually don't poop like this daily so it has been a GOOD day.
i played cricket to day
I have received best employee award in my office that made me happy.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.
The weather was really nice, and I was able to spend some time visiting with my mother.
I enjoyed a great meal with my family and in-laws to celebrate their birthday.
went for a couple of beers with my old workmates and our families were there too
I cleaned up my room and it made me feel comfortable in it again. I've been struggling with getting the motivation to clean up and now that it's done I feel so relieved.
An event that made me happy in the last 24 hours is smoking on the balcony with my roommate. The event caused me to appreciate having peer support.
My wife took me to lunch at my favorite restaurant out of the blue. 
Yesterday i bought a new cell phone for my spouse and i was very happy because i made her happy by buying her new cell phone the model which she liked most.
I cleaned my room.
I had a good workout yesterday morning. 
My mother made my favorite dinner in the world, her special meatloaf.
I was happy about a successful baking experiment.
giving an speech in an meeting over around 500 people about context of poverty and illness and people responded well which given me a happiness.
played clash of clans manual game in railroad with group of friends.
I went to meet my grand mother
When I am going in the office and suddenly clapping or shouting all staff, because today is my birthday so that time I am feeling very happy and lucky also.
When I arrived home in the afternoon, my dog had not chewed up anything. I have a puppy and he occasionally chews things.This was a happy moment.
I started watching a new program that I'm enjoying.
Go out to eat burgers with my family
We started working on preparing food for my dads surprise birthday party which is happening today. He turns 90 years old and has never had a special day for him. All the work and planning is so worth it.
Finished a video game.
I was able to eat home made cookies
I had a good cup of coffee.
Started to workout again. It hurts a bit but finally some progress.
I ate a warm chocolate croissant straight from the oven. 
Work went real well last night.
My friend Vincent agreed to help me move a large, heavy bookcase at the last minute.
playing football with my friend
The food I cooked was liked by everyone 
Woke up this morning to a beautiful breakfast my wife made me
my first bullet ride with my lovely life partner
I was happy when I realized that we have been saving a good amount of money each month.
Beating my father in a game of chess
I felt happy playing with my son yesterday outside in the yard.  
My other cat who normally doesn't come to my room came and rubbed up against my leg; it was super cute!
An event that made me happy was when my son came home from a birthday party and he enjoyed himself. I'm always happy when he comes home and enjoys the company with his friends.
I walked my dog and she gets so excited it makes me happy.
I had a minor computer issue yesterday using Windows 10.  I was able to track down the problem and figure out what was going on.  To my relief it was not malware or a virus, just a software bug.
Going 4 wheeling today with my friend Ted. It is going to be 60 degrees out
Picking my girlfriend up from work.
I took my wife to a community yard sale so she could buy baby clothes for our future granddaughter. 
Drinking cofee
I drank an espresso in the morning.
I got a good night sleep after being restless for the past week.
I saw a friend a church and we greeted each other.
My girlfriend and I went out to pizza at our favorite place.  It was so good.
I was happy to learn that my grandson is getting married in a few weeks.
My husband and I shared an intimate experience; it was extremely passionate and touching.  
The television series "Rosewood" is now available on Netflix.
I helped someone from my apartment community load their trash into the trash compactor when they were having a difficult time.
We had a family game night for the first time in a very long time with all my kids.
Hurray!!New family member.. yeah it was the day where my pet gave a birth of new puppy..it was really a fantastic feeling.. it wad really pumped up.. the puppy was so cute as like its mother . my little sissy  very happening while seeing these moment ... i lifted the puppy  oh my god it was really cute ... very lovely!!
I went for a bike ride in the sunshine. 
Me and my wife stopped by to visit my mom who just returned home from winter in Florida.  
The appreciation of my family after a well cooked reunion dinner last night.
Went out to eat at a new restaurant and had an amazing time with friends.
Watched my daughter with the easter bunny yesterday.
My youngest granddaughter woke up from her nap and I went upstairs to get her and she smiled at me when I came through the door.
Today is my birthday and i got a beautiful gift from my parents.
Another event that made me happy was looking at my plan for the summer and deciding what i was going to do.  Im planning a trip with someone and we decided where we want to go and how much we will need to save for it.  Saving that money will be stressful, but the thought of a set plan of what im going to do made me happy.
Went to the pool with the family
I was told by my supervisor that my vacation for next week has been approved, so it's going to be a short three day week for me before I get to head to Michigan to spend some time in Grand Rapids.
I helped a seller get his book purchased.
Went to Ice cream parlor with my daughter and enjoyed ice cream.
My first cousin who is very close to me visited me after a long time. 
I was able to complete a good portion of my course readings yesterday.
Yesterday was April Fools Day and I love playing jokes on friends and family so  I had many laughs during the day and it made me happy.
I walked my dog in the woods.
While remodeling my bathroom, I found  that I can reuse most of the old plumbing.
Having my daughter sit at a restaurant and behave while we waited for our food.
I went to church.
Yesterday I had wrote a long distance friend. it was an apology letter from an experience that him and i went through. I had apologized for some of the actions that I was responsible for. I dont get to see him so things were lingering in the air. I felt a huge relief writing the letter. Its been bugging me that I couldn't express myself. So it felt good that i got it off my chest. It too was a relief of a burden thats been weighing on me.
My dad took me out to lunch.
Another event that made me happy was to talk to my daughter. We're both super busy and live in two opposite ends of the country (north and south).  When we can find time just to reconnect and share what had made our weeks joyful or challenging, it strengthened our bond and made me feel reinvigorated.  It's hard to live so far away from someone you love with all of your heart, but it felt great to reduce that distance down to nothing just by a quick phone call. 
I woke up to my dog kissing my face.
I made delicious grilled cheese for lunch with leftovers.
I went out to eat at a Mexican restaurant.
A friend of mine came to the house to visit.
Today i took my mother-in-law to the hospital.
My girlfriend told me that she's gonna buy me a kindle.
That I have decided to have Easter at my home, for the first time!! My daughter is almost 2 so it will be great to have everyone come to us! No one wants to celebrate holidays anymore since my fathers passing and I have decided to take charge and try to change that.  Fingers crossed and I'm feeling hopeful!
It was so cool I didn't miss the bus not one time.
I got picked up from work by my girlfriend and boyfriend.
Getting to play a video game with my roommates.
Similar to above, I finally paid off my wisdom teeth dentist bill after a year two weeks early.
I fixed up an old pair of roller blades and have been riding around on them frequently
I got the day off work after a 6 day work week, which was relaxing and made me happy.
A girl on a dating app messaged me and we started talking.
My baby was having fever yesterday, I was thinking why my home is so silent the whole. We took him to the doctor and took medicines for him. Today when I was working on my computer I suddenly hear loud voices of my mother shouting my baby that now you have gone well then you have started mischief again. This made me feel happy for sometime that my baby is good now by god's grace.
Volunteer work at library 
I cleaned off some old bookcases and moved them upstairs to my spare room when I made room for my new shelves.
I was able to talk with and old friend who I haven't been able to in a long time.
Last night, I watched X Factor US (old episodes) with my wife.
I went for a hike with some old friends I had not seen in a couple years.
I ate frozen yogurt at a new restaurant called Spoonlickers.
I was able to get back to using reusable cloth pads instead of disposable cotton ones so I can prevent a lot of monthly landfill waste.
I was looking for a snack last night and found one slice of pizza left in the fridge.
I decided on a name for my new business.  
I sat on a seawall by the water on a beautiful clear day.
I went to the car wash and cleaned my car.
I mapped out a vacation for the summer.   Places to go, things to see and booked hotel rooms for it
My son messaged me to say he worries about e sometimes now that he is so far away.  Felt loved again!
I had dinner with my mother. 
I gave an old friend a small gift and it made her very happy.
My puppy graduated from Puppy Level 1 training and he did so well. 
My family and I donated several bags of clothes.
I find a ticket for tonight movie premiere ,i'm really happy and looking forward to watch this movie.
I went to a local mom's and pops restaurant that I haven't visited before this recent time and the food was delicious. 
The church service was wonderful, it really lifted my spirits and encouraged me!
Purchased olive oil and rosemary potato chips at Walmart last night.
I found out that I made more money than I thought on MTurk this week.
I got an e-mail alerting me to a big bonus that I was not expecting this morning!
I bowled relatively well and came in 2nd place in a game with friends.
I called my mother and she informed me that she was buying a new house after months of offers falling through.
I was able to go to the theater and see a play that my son was in.  
I made an egg that I was particularly happy with and I intend to put it on a stand in my bedroom to enjoy every day.
My boss called me on a Saturday to tell me he was pleased with my work from the past week.
I was able to find some time to play video games for the first time in quite a while.
Yesterday I made pancakes for myself and made extra for the next few days. 
I ate a really tasty dinner.
I was able to have lunch at Red Lobster with my husband 
Playing with my cat who has been sick but was having a good day.
Today I had a get together with my family members after a very long times. It makes a very happy.
I was able to watch an event in sports and drink some beers with some friend last night that was really fun.
I played a video game.
The perfect cup of coffee while everyone else was still asleep.
My sister and two of her son visited our home after many days. I was very  to see them
Evening we went to mall we help some poor people which gave us for relief and happiness
Making myself a hot cup of coffee
I went to gamestop to trade in a game i paid $60 for and the salesman let me swap it with another $60 game instead of only giving me the $
i was happy last night after i watched a romantic movie with my roommates that put me in a really good mood. 
Watching a Joe Rogan comedy. It was an hour-long special shot in San Fransisco, the most PC town in America.
I won a few dollars on a scratch off ticket yesterday.
I played a video game with my friend while visiting him.
I ate a wonderful breakfast 
I received an unexpected check in the mail.
Completed 5 six pack exercise routines today i am getting stronger and lighter.
Finished my kids Easter basket last night.
I was very happy to see my friends after a long time. We met almost after a gap of 10 years. 
I got a new high score on mrs. pacman!
I realized I've read 1/5 of a quite boring book and it didn't take me too long.  In other words, the task I have to do won't take much time.
Yesterday my youngest daughter showed me over and over how much she loves me by saying "bye mommy" every time i left the room and saying she didn't want me to leave.
I was able to hit my productivity goal at work, on the first day of the month when it makes the most difference.
I had a nice phone conversation with my best friend Kathy.
Made dinner with my girlfriend while listening to music.
I baked cupcakes with my two nieces.
I was able to catch a hit on mturk that I've been trying to do for a while now.
I beat a mission on a video game I am playing that I have been trying to get past for a few days.
It made me happy to spend time with my wife and daughter on my day off.
I heard my daughter say I missed you after I came back from my first interview in 12 years.
I found out that I don't have to work next week as there is a week-long holiday
I visited a more outlet and in a contest won two prizes worth Rs. 393 
I saw the Tar Heels win in the Final Four. 
I was playing a board game with friends and I realized how I could do something really amusing in the game to one of my friends so I started laughing, one of my other friends realized what I was doing and we both couldn't start laughing. 
Repo Men came on TV, and I watched it.
I spent time with my cats.
I met one of my childhood friends.We met accidentally and came to know that she stays near to my apartment.
My wife and I spent some time looking at houses online last night (we are in the market).
I was doing a microwork transcription that was rather annoying because the audio was not clearly, and I was happy to hit the submit button and be done with with.
Made love to my wife.
I met a cool person in the mall who I immediately connected with and shared a lot of interests with. It was really surprising and she was really nice, and I hope we can both get along in the future.
I had a really good dinner. 
I feel well rested
I tried the new snapchat filter with the dancing bunny.
This morning I made a healthy smoothie with blueberries and spinach.
I had the day off today so going to bed last night it made me incredibly happy to not set my alarm clock and get some extra well deserved sleep.
Seeing my kids eyes when I brought home the xbox.
Getting to see my cat after being away for 6 months, he was very glad to see me too.
We had a half day of sunshine, and I was able to be out in it!
I finished my homework due on Monday.
Watched Dallas Stars hockey on television.  I love to watch the Dallas Stars.  It makes me happy, especially when they win! 
My son moves his stroller in order to sit in it, even while inside the house, and it makes me happy he wants to be that close to me.
I roasted a whole chicken in a new style and it came out cooked PERFECTLY.
My son telling me that I make him happy.
I got the test results back from my father's echo and neck arteries taken at the doctor's office. 
I cooked and prepared my favorite meal for dinner.
I did a lot of chores this morning that I have been meaning to do for a while and now my house is really clean!
I had lunch at a sushi buffet restaurant with my boyfriend and son.
I saw some friends last night that I had not seen in awhile and we had an interesting conversation about art.
Another thing that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to purchase a few things I wanted online.
I cooked a delicious pot of chili con carne last night.
I met my relatives at a function and It was a get together after a short break with relatives.
I was able to make some great progress in my programming class.
I got to hang out with friends and watch the final four last night. 
Going to dinner with my girlfriend and our families made me happy.
I had a really great time this morning.
My wife and I had a beer on our deck and watched the sunset after our kids were in bed
Getting to see one of my old school friends.
I slept in this morning and feel refreshed.
My favorite song played multiple times on the radio at work.
I got to sleep in this morning for the first time in a week, and I felt refreshed.
I was able to get my lawnmower started right away.  Usually it takes some help, but I was happy I was able to do it myself.
Another event that made me happy was walking my dog.
Purchased Dresses
On the way home from grocery shopping, I stopped at Starbucks and got my favorite coffee drink. 
We finally bought the back splash tiles for our kitchen today I will install them.
When we returned home from our dinner, we put a movie on and fell asleep cuddling each other on the couch.
I was able to spend the evening with a good friend over the internet.
My brother came out to watch the final four games last night, and they were very exciting.
I got to spend the whole day with my sweet husband, at a tourist town.
I watched a movie with my friends
While walking back to my car from the park, a really cute girl smiled at me. I didn't say anything but it still made me feel good.
I attended a talk from my favorite author Neil Gaiman and he read a poem I really like.
I did a bit a binge watching with episodes of my favorite show Battlestar Galactica.
I talked to my daughter on the phone
Found a home I knew I could afford
I went to test ride few bikes today. I rode 7 new bikes.
My husband made me breakfast and cleaned up afterwards!
I went to a friend's apartment with my fiance and casually hung out, ate snacks, and played with their cats.
I went to zumba class at my gym.
I was really productive yesterday.  I got a lot of chores done.  I can relax today!
I was able to get a really good night's sleep.  I feel refreshed.
I went to the gym and had a good workout for about an hour and it made me felt good. 
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was traveling to go visit someone really important that I haven't seen in a month.
I got good news that I made it to a second interview for a new job I'm seeking.
My son told me a funny story about his experience at the recreation center. 
Work problems were resolved.
In the afternoon we went for a movie.  I am so happy and enjoyed a lot with my family. 
My dad made me a bagel for breakfast without me asking. 
I watched my kids in their swimming lesson.
I watched wrestling in TV.
My friend sent me a text to say she missed me and was thinking about me, and wanted to go to the hot springs with us soon.
Yesterday at lunch my daughter and I went out for Chinese. We had a great discussion about a range of things from Chinese customs to the current political climate of the US. It made me happy to hear her express her own opinions at 11 years old, and I was surprised to learn how much knowledge she had of different topics.
I spent less money in the past month than ever before.
Our daughter played in the yard on a nice evening.
It made me happy that Kroger mailed me a coupon for a free pizza for being a loyal customer.
Last night I went to a Baby-shower for the (unborn) son of my godson, nice food and nice company. Happy music and games for everyone.
I recently went plant shopping and now when I see the new plants in my apartment it makes me very happy.
I got the back yard cleaned up.
My grandson called me to invite me to dinner.
I finished paying all the monthly bills.
I felt happy when I was out walking yesterday and the sun was shining on my face.
I biked to work and had an enjoyable ride through peaceful scenery.
I HAD MY FIRST EVER FLIGHT IN MY LIFE
I had sex with my girlfriend.
Listening to a podcast I have been waiting for.
My friends messaged me demanding that we attend the concert and even offered to pay for my ticket if I didn't have the money.
I learned that I would be getting a bonus at work for the previous months performance.

My Mom made brownies
My spouse made me a great dinner
I got drunk with some friends.
Watching my favorite show
My husband and infant daughter are not very sick even though they have the flu.
I finished making my poster for a work conference.
My sister told me she loves me and she usually doesn't.
I remembered that Donald Trump is the President and liberals are losing their minds.
Yesterday, we went to a Thai restaurant for lunch, and I got one of my favorite meals
I made and ate some nachos. 
I dropped my cellphone on the concrete and it did not break. 
I finished an assignment over a week early
My girlfriend called me after work and we talked for a while.
I watched a really exciting basketball game and the team I wanted to win ended up winning.
I took my son and his friend to a hamburger place.  They were happy and appreciative that I took them.
I wished a friend of mine that I haven't talked to in a while a happy birthday, and we spoke for a while on the phone.
I made a delicious loaf of rye bread last night.
I completed a project that I was putting off. 
I was able to spend time with my girlfriend last night watching Netflix, something we aren't able to do often.
Me and my wife sat on the back patio having a beer together just talking about life in general. Reminiscing on what the kids did when they were younger and at home brought back memories that were nice to talk about.
Staying in and drinking mixed drinks with my girl.
I sang with my church choir at our early morning service. 
I won a very small amount in a raffle, and although it was just forty buck I was very happy because I really needed the money.
My three year old daughter made several drawings, something she is just starting to learn to do, and asked me to make them into a book. I stapled them together and she has asked me a few times to read her book to her.
I ordered some balls for my son's ball pit so that he would have a fun area to play in.
Last day of work. The last day of the workweek was completed!
I could pay a due bill.
I did some work that took my mind off recent events, including my father dying, losing my main job, and my husband and I parting company.
I had the house to myself for the evening.
Me and my girlfriend went and bought different items to go biking. 
I finished a painting that I intend to sell.
driving home from the theater with my boyfriend and jamming to edm music and driving by lake michigan 
I realized we had cherry chocolate coffee when I thought we had run out.
I'm happy that I got to make a pizza from scratch.
I went to the gym and had a good workout.
I had a long satisfying sleep!
I watched funny Mr. Bean videos on youtube. It was very funny.
I finished applying for some scholarships.
I played with my puppy
Two of my favorite soccer teams in the premier league are playing at the moment and the game is exciting.
I read about retired baseball player Manny Ramirez getting a contract to play in Japan; the contract includes unlimited sushi and optional attendance at practices.
I got caught up on some TV shows.
I own 3 cats and the oldest of them (my favorite) turned 8 years old yesterday. They were overjoyed that I fed them her favorite food in celebration.
My 4 year old son and 1 year old daughter played nicely with each other.
I tried a new ice cream place and it was very good.
I learned about a new application called Discord which lets me communicate with other people online and can replace IRC.
My mother and I went shopping. It made me happy because we were able to buy the things we wanted.
My mom saw I wasn't feeling super well and offered to wash my bed clothes when I brought them downstairs to wash them myself.
An old friend who seem to fall off the grid connected me today to say he was back.  
I got home from work. 
My baby daughter was meeting a bunch of family member s for the first time and she had a smile on her face the whole time. 
Finished a book that has been on my backlog.
My washer was repaired.
I received a game that I ordered through the mail yesterday. 
I tried a goat cheese sample, and I love goat cheese.
I was happy when I got in touch with my brother I'd not spoken to in awhile.
I got a hot guys phone number.
 I took my son to the park and we played. 
I visited with a cousin.
Watched the Final Four NCAA basketball games
Buying new plants for my garden and apartment at Walmart.
My Sunday morning roleplaying game started on time, and this isn't always the case.  
I binged watched a new TV show yesterday on Netflix. I seldom get into new shows so I am happy to find something that fits my tastes and preferences. I felt happy watching all 13 episodes and have no regrets about how I spent my day. Very relaxing!
I was able to see a friend that I haven't seen in the past 6 months.
I successfully baked bread, which I haven't ever been able to do.
I spent the day researching my business.
Cousin gave me a new job watching her son. it is only 3 days a week and It covers my portion of rent.
My 2 eldest daughters sat together at the table and shared a bowl of cereal. They each took turns getting the cereal and were just chatting and giggling, being nice and no fighting.
I went to go see a play with my wife. 
Getting a good night's sleep, and waking up feeling refreshed. I've had a lot of trouble sleeping lately, so my doctor prescribed an antihistamine, which I think helped.
My dog layed down next to me when I went to sleep last night.
I met my friend for coffee this morning who I hadn't seen in a while. 
I woke up early and had extra time. 
I started on a new skincare regimen and I am loving the results so far.
Today's weather changed from rain to sunshine.
My daughter play piano for her birthday celebration. She played excellent music.
I got money for my work
My neighbors got a new lab puppy and brought it over so we could all play with the puppy which was a blast
My 40th birthday.
I went to have breakfast with a close friend.
When I beat a level in a game I've been working on for months.
I watched a YouTube video that my sister and I have been looking forward to for a while.
I found a bath bomb that I didn't know I had, and was able to use it while my child was at a sleepover.
taking a nap
I was happy when my one year old son ran to me and gave me a hug and a pat on the back when I woke up.
My husband brought me coffee without me asking for it. 
Yesterday, I was bale to visit with my younger son and his family.
financial year end, waiting for ratings, entry level emp are got ratings, i am waiting from yesterday, state head declared same has been update in mail,end of the day i got mail regarding for my promotion. immediately i passed the message to my family, we did sweet celebration at night in house with happiest movement.
Posting my first blog post made me happy.
I was able to go out on the town with my husband to a Gala.  We were able to score a last minute baby sitter. It felt great to put on my favorite jewelry, fancy dress, and make-up and see my husband get all dressed up as well. 
i buy a new pair of jeans
I took my kids to breakfast out this morning and we had a great time together!
Somebody I may have a crush on gave me her phone number and messaged me.
I did a good workout at the gym that was really thorough.
Attending a birthday party
I watched the lower bracket of a tournament I've been excited to watch.
I purchased a book for my son that I felt would help him with anxiety.
Going to my cousin's birthday party.
I helped my son fix his motorcycle.
I ate a delicious dinner prepared by my girlfriend.
My boyfriend made me a special delicious, healthy dinner.
The cat cuddled with us on the couch.
I got a promotion at work.
When my girlfriend woke me up with coffee in bed. 
I bought and drank some beer.
I saw somebody walking a really cute dog yesterday.
I went to a local bar, and unexpectedly ran into friends who were happy to see me.
This morning I took a midterm in my finance class and got a 96%
Going to church with my wife.
 My daughter caught a trout.
I was checked out by a woman at the coffee shop I go to. It always makes me feel good when that happens, but it doesn't happen all that often since I feel like I'm a bit awkward and unapproachable as of late.
Spending time with my sibling and parents. 
My dog caught a toy mid air and made my son laugh.
Drinking all last night with some really great friends!
Last night I had a very satisfying intimate encounter with my girlfriend.
I came home to my daughter after work last night.
I was able to watch an episode of a TV show that I had missed, and it was hilarious.
When i opened my email last night and found out I was able to start working for Amazon Mechanical Turk. I had been waiting a couple of days and finally got the email.
Spending time with my oldest son at Sunday school.
I saw a number of pretty flowers in someone's yard while I was walking
I went for a walk through a park.
I purchased a nice sweatshirt for a quarter at the local consignment store.
Enjoyed my morning coffee while looking at the ocean.
I made a chocolate cake for a dinner party tonight. 
I watched a new episode of my favorite television show.
Today I meat one of my best friend.
I built a crib for my unborn son's room and I felt happy that my future son's room was finally complete.
Today my hi fi stereo finally working normally, I can browsing internet  with listen my favorite music channel.
went to the park with the family
Another small thing is, i get to make a few phone calls and make a few new purchases. Hats, some cloths, auto work, chocolates and few other known items i need. So that is my happiness for today, and who knows what will be there for tomorrow.
I got a call from a friend I haven't heard from in a while. 
Picking up sushi for lunch. 
i had planted some herbal plants in my home.
My friend told me a funny story that related to me.
My schedule change at work was approved by my boss.
I was invited for a birthday. It was my friend's birthday. We celebrated, drank cocktails, danced. In general, it was very fun. I'm very glad that I got to this holiday.
I made a vegetable omelette for breakfast and now feel nourished.
I went to my uncle's birthday party.
I washed and sanitized our beds along with some laundry.
I received I sweet text message from my friend in Tokyo. 
The dog was really well behaved on the walk this morning and did not just up on a person we crossed.
Yesterday I was so happy to not be woken by an alarm, sleeping in is a great Saturday perk!
I woke up this morning and remembered I still had tacos from last night that I could eat.
My friend who is visiting and I had a conversation right before bed that made both of us crack up. 
Went to a bar for a friends bday.
I love play Soccer with my Friends in the Stadium 
I enjoyed my morning walk with my dog. The weather was pleasant.
I bought a wooden baseball bat for my game tomorrow night.
Getting off at work after a hard day of making people happy.
My uncle brought us really good bagels from New Jersey.
My daughter decided to stay and sleep with me, she is only 2 but it is really comforting when she snuggles.
My sick cat ate well yesterday, which is a really good thing for her.
My husband took the children to see his mom so I got a break and some time alone.
My rescue cat is coming around.
We found a new series on Netflix to binge watch.  It is called "13 reasons".
I went out with a couple of friends to the bar that we go to every weekend and we sat around and talked with all the regulars.
The rain stopped and I could walk to the store. I also have a leaky roof,  but is wasn't so bad -- we only had about a quarter inch of rain.
The weather was really nice today and people were out being active and playing with their dogs.
It was warm enough to eat lunch outside on our deck.

I had a good snuggle session with one of my cats, and it made me very happy and relaxed.
My girlfriend laying her head on my shoulder and cuddling up next to me while watching the final episode of Game of Thrones, season 6.
My favorite team played in the final four, they did not win but the effort was outstanding.
Spent half a day with my parents and friends at the garden playing guitar and grilling food. 
Another event that made me happy was being able to watch a movie with my wife last night before bed. 
My dog and I played catch. 
Visiting with my aunts while drinking coffee.
I had a nice dinner with my wife.
My daughter and I went to see "Beauty and the Beast" together.  Going to the movies, just her and I, is something we haven't done in a really long time.  
I got a new job, that's a huge step foe myself.
My little daughter was awarded at school.
My knee didn't hurt all day.
I got to eat good food at Farm Burger. I ate French Fries and a Grilled Cheese. 
I felt happy talking to my friend.
Another happy moment I had was completing my workout.  I felt a sense of accomplishment. 
I knelt on the ground and opened my arms to my friend's cat and the cat approached me in a friendly way to receive a cuddle.
I was happy last night after I took a big shit.
I made enough time to watch a bunch of TV.
i got call regarding job to kenya saying imm shortlisted by the company . they will schedule the interview soon 
I enjoyed a film by director Shyamalan that I was hoping to see months ago.

My daughter was hilarious marching in the bathtub.
Going to the cafeteria and being served my favorite meal made me happy as well. 
I bought a new t-shirt that I like from a concert.
I found an extra 20 dollars in my pocket when I was at the store allowing me to get more supplies.
I watched a cute anime that made me laugh.
I found something healthy to eat after searching, since I really don't want to eat the unhealthy bun.
I was able to pull together a meal with the things on hand instead of running to the store and saved myself some time.
Something was on sale 50% off that I wanted to buy!
I finished a project that I worked on for days.
I met my good friends for a taco night.
I went out to go clubbing with some of my friends and caught up with them.
Last night I was happy when I was going out to dinner with my husband.
I had my girlfriend over for a birthday dinner last night
I found out that I'm going to be going on a run with a friend later today.
Ate delicious dried prunes just a while ago.
I saw a slug outside my front door. He has been visiting this spot on a daily basis for the past few days now. I am quite fond of snails and slugs.
I met a friend after a long time and we had great fun together in the terrace :)
I got to watch Hawaii 5-O with my sister's family. We're both from Hawaii & on the same island that the show is filmed on, so make little conversations each time we see a place that we recognize. 
Taking my kids into the city to go to the zoo, eat at their favorite restaurant and do a little Pokeman.
I organized all of my photos on my computer. 
Cutting roses from my garden to bring inside and enjoy.
My dog managed to stay clean after getting his bath yesterday. 
Having my family over for dinner and hanging out made me happy.
My mom made fried rice for lunch and it tasted really good, plus I did not have to spend money on lunch.
Doing some yoga in the morning.
toady had dinner with my parents
I reviewed new ways to increase my income and will begin taking action today.
This morning I read a very enlightening and uplifting article on my favorite blog about personal transformation.
Sleeping in past my alarm since its the weekend
My wife and I had some great sex. 
I went to the gym and worked out.
TODAY WE ARE GOING TO PARK. MY SON PLAYING WITH ME. I FEEL VERY HAPPY. BECAUSE HE WAS PLAYING. HE WAS 11MONTHS BABY.
Did a 2hr run in thw snow but with amazing weather that has warmed up a little, I made my own path and thought it was really fun just running wherever I wanted.
I was playing on my electric guitar and finally found a tone combination from both the guitar and amp that helped me express how I was feeling inside.
I ate my favorite meal, hot chicken.
I was able to get a lot of sleep last night.
I was able to play with my child at the park because the weather was so nice, and it made me very happy.
I heard that my cousin is getting married.
Talking to my significant other.
I had brunch with my family today at a dim sum restaurant.
Yesterday I discovered a NY style deli in my little town and I ordered and devoured the first quality rueben sandwich that I've had in years.
I studied for two hours this morning. 
A coworker reached out to me to let me know they miss me at work (I have been on medical leave for two months).
I had a nice lunch with my grandmother.
I enjoyed making waffles for my daughters and watching them laugh and play. 
The person taking my order at the drive-thru was very friendly.
Drove to the mountains with my wife and enjoyed the sunset. 
My husband called DirectTV and was able to upgrade our service and get $30 off of our bill for life. 
I watched a very interesting documentary on Netflix that just came out this week and it was amazing.
I got together with my friend after being away for two weeks. She gave me an update on an ongoing issue - her situation is improving. I was so happy to hear that her situation is improving. 
I was in a Skype conversation with my friends for half of the day, and we were all gaming together.
I love to watch my dogs and cat play together and chasing each other around the house.
My boyfriend took me out to breakfast!
I saw an excellent independent film.
I went to my friends Birthday at an axe throwing place, it was my first time throwing axes. I did a lot better then i expected.
I got to sleep in today instead of going to work early.
I finished a good book
When i came home from the gym and my dog greeted me very excitedly. 
I got to spend time with my friend and walk around outside on a beautiful day.
Again at the zoo, my husband's friend Nathan bought us my husband and I ice cream. I was impressed by his generosity and the ice cream was good. 
my son, in him studies got first rank.that is one of the happiest movement.
I ate gourmet donuts.
My puppy started showing positive signs and symptoms after a bout of depression after being diagnosed with a heart murmur.
I made a new recipe for dinner last night and everyone told me how delicious it was. 
I also spend time in mall where i eat, drink and shopping the time i spend outside my home make me relax and happy.
I have finally decided that I will start golfing again.  I have been kicking the idea around for over two years.
I was cleared of a disease I thought I might have
Yesterday, me and my friends did a hiking trail clean up service project.
I enjoyed the sunny weather today. 
I practiced guitar and learned how to play a few songs.
I finished my book and I can now go on and begin the next book in the series, and I'm excited to start the next one because of the ending of the first book.
I watched my favorite Youtuber. Her name is Tana Mongeau and she made me laugh. 
The first event that made me happy is I was given a free $5 bet to bet on a horse race.  I placed my bet and the horse won.  The free $5 turned into, as of now, $18.50.  I don't know if they are going to take back the original $5 today.
I discovered that money issues I have recently been having are put off a little longer, because my father gave me some money. This put me at ease too 
Receiving a phone call from my three year old niece. 
Hearing that my niece, proved her thesis statement and did very well yesterday.
THE POSTAL WORKER DID NOT DROP OFF ANY MAIL SO I GOT NO BILLS!
I listened to the birds sing.
I received a text from a friend that I hadn't heard from in a long time.
I had a conversation with my husband where we got the chance to catch up on what had happened in his day and in my day.
I had a delicious cheeseburger and strawberry malt for lunch.
I got MTurk Suite working again after finding out how to properly install it to Firefox.
My brother visited and we had lunch with my Mom and his niece and nephew. It was very good Chinese food. The best calamari ever!
My husband coming home. He had to stay overnight in another county for work.
The weather is nice enough today that we are able to cook steaks on the grill outside.
I went to an indoor lacrosse game with my brother.
This morning when I woke up, my husband had breakfast all ready for us. This made me super happy.
I went at casino and won 700 $
I watched a very good movie at the cinema
In the past 24 hours, I went to a new Walmart and found a Funko Pop 3-pack of Tarful, Emperor Palpatine, and a Clone Trooper that I had honestly been looking for for months and I finally found it and I was so ecstatic I literally teared up in the store, it literally made me that happy. 
When I woke up this morning, my son and husband were playing a video game together and my son had a huge smile on his face because he was "helping" dad.
I went at the park with my niece
Another event that made me happy was spending time creatively writing.
I was happy when there was a good movie on the television Saturday that I had never seen before by one of my favorite film directors.  
My girlfriend knew I was sick, so she brought me soup just to be sweet which made me very happy.
It made me happy that my boyfriend spent time with me.
I got to sing in my car with the windows rolled down and enjoy some sun after a long winter.
I met my father for lunch for the first time in 10 years.
Went to church, had sunday school after that we talk I walked out side like alway waiting on the main service ,had a good time understand the sermon  and every thing. after that sat and listen to some poeple talk.
Being out side on the warm spring day.
I went to a fair with my family and ate a lot of food
Making myself a perfect lunch.
I finally decided to bake a loaf of bread. This is something I've been meaning to try and I finally did it.
I was visited by my finance and that help improved my mood making me happy
I spent my last yesterday event almost a half day with great anxiety regarding my result publication. I started speculating so many things and many of them were negative. I could hardly keep away the tensions about my upcoming result but I really feel so happy in this event. The result was so important that my college admission would mostly depend on it.
I rode my bike through the woods.
I practiced playing the ukulele.
Getting a great amount of sleep 
I thought George Takei was running for Congress.
I made a really big sale at work that brought in a nice profit for me.
I watched the end of the UNC Oregon NCAA basketball game. 
My husband made me pigs in a blanket! It's a meal with little sausages inside a roll. It's very yummy. I ate about 4 rolls with sausages. They were still hot when my husband brought them to me. 
Another thing that made me happy is playing and walking my dog outside.
My side thing consistently texted me through the night. 
My car needs to be fixed, and after a week of thinking it would be very expensive I found out that it won't cost so much after all!
Got to hang out with my best friend. 
I heard back from a job that I applied to. It wasn't my dream job but it felt really good to get a yes. 
Re-studying psychology and its theories made me feel like I was in college all over again. That's a good thing since I have found myself missing taking classes.
I was playing with my dogs and they started chasing each other around the yard.
I managed to get a large section of the chopped down palm tree into the garbage can.
Last night, as I was getting ready to lay down and go to sleep, I looked over at my dog in my bed with me and saw her cute little face. She was laying on her back with her legs in the air, all snuggled up against my husband.  It was the cutest thing ever and it made me smile.
I bought  ethical chocolate for a dollar each. 
I pet my dog a bit n she spazzed out, wiggling and shaking her stumpy tail.
A cute guy that I think I might have some interest in came up to me and started talking to me. I really enjoying talking and making jokes with this guy. 
When I played video games on my day off. 
I had ice cream with my friend Liz.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was me and my roommate went grocery shopping and laughed a lot while we were there.
Coming home and seeing my dog greet me with so much excitement, his tail is wagging so hard his whole body is moving.
I watched a really good movie a few hours ago
I went to play golf at top golf.
I found a place that would do guitar lessons for my son for only $20 an hour.
We got a huge snowstorm last night and all day today.
My mother stitched together several holes I had in my pants which I was grateful for.
We ordered pizza tonight.
We got to spend time with good friends whom we had not seen in a long time.
Getting ready for a big vacation.
I got a good night's sleep, without interruption, and even though I woke up early, I felt rested.
I had an awesome Green Tea Latte at Starbucks today.
I got to see my nephew, Keegan.
Our neighbors and their children just left our house which made me happy, they had stopped by unannounced and let their kids destroy my house.
I just learned that the new season of Doctor Who is premiering in mid April instead of August!
A friend loaned me some money I needed.
I got some fantastic food from the store.
I got a massage for like a full hour, and was fully relaxed.
My granddaughter is finally potty trained. 
I received some birthday money today.
Even though I had a treat in the morning I also had ice cream after lunch.
Stopping at Starbucks and having an iced mocha latte on the way home from shopping at the mall.
Woke up without a hangover. For me that's a great start
I sold two insurance policies today.
I was able to find some tools I need to teach a craft class.
I got to play cards with my very close friends.
My youngest son gave me a hug goodbye in front of his friends when I dropped him at for Boy Scouts.
my wife was talking about how she's trying to do a little bit lower carb, which is needed.
I listened to some really great inspiring music that I had not heard before.
I enjoyed a brisk walk outside this afternoon. 
I got to pet my landlord's new puppy and see them attempt to take the puppy on her first walk.
I sent my son a gift card before he ships out for a month with the Navy.
I played my guitar for a while and it made me really relaxed and happy.
My tax refund of 1000$ for approved.
Today when I was working on mturk I got some extra dollars as bonus from a requestor.That bonus made my day .The bonus was really motivating and appreciating for me.It was very happy for me to receive bonus for my work.
My power bill was lower than I thought it would be.
My daughters in-laws moved to a new house.  It is in the country, closer to me and there is less crime.  They watch my 2 grandchildren while my son in law and daughter work.  They will be much safer now.
I sat on my couch and watched the activity outdoors.
Watched a comedy special....laughed hard!
Our daughter came to eat with us at the senior retirement center where my husband and I live.
My husband and I began to plan our summer vacation.  We talked about what house we would rent.  We discussed the activities we would do and the best snorkeling locations.
I work with disabled adults and one of my clients comforted another client who was feeling sad.
During the workout today, my friends and I were able to essentially confirm plans that will most likely be an amazing night out.
Having a couple beers at Tulalip Casino with a co-worker after we finished work on Friday.
ending our day with some grilling out in our backyard the food was great and there was no bugs could not asked for more at that moment.
I facetimed my sister and baby nephew. 
When my puppy came up while I was working on the computer and laid down in my lap and fell asleep.  She was just so cute when she did it that it just set me at ease and made me happy.
My parents ordered pizza and bought ice cream to watch the basketball games. 
I got an email about a job interview next week. 
I was happy when I bought new shoes.
Playing guitar with my buddy after work.
I felt happy when a long lost friend messaged me out of the blue.
I helped a stranger load her car at Walmart and it made me feel good when she said thank you and smiled.
My daughter passed her six month developmental screening. 
I was happy when I got my grade back on a tough assignment. 
We were able to get some groceries for the first time in awhile.
I rode a Ferris wheel at a carnival and it made me feel like a child again!
On television I watched Gonzaga, the team I'm rooting for in the NCAA basketball tournament, hold on for a win to advance to the championship game.
I talked to an old friend on the phone and we caught up on each others lives.
I worked in our flower garden.
I talked with a friend I hadn't seen in some time.
Yesterday I received a small bonus from my place of employement and although it was not a significant amount, I still felt happy about it.
It made me happy to play sword fight with my nephew 
Going out to dinner with my dad at a local restaurant. 
I took a short nap and feel energized
I got a lot of yard work finished today.
Catharsis of packing my stuff to move out as a relationship is ending. 
I looked in the refrigerator and noticed that I have enough ingredients for dinner so I don't have to go to the store in the rain today.
Today when I reached office staff take me surprise party,Its a happiest moment fo me.
I went to Starbucks with my husband. We had fun spending time together. 
 well good well sex com to Can you tell me a little more about the characteristics of successful people at .... This is a big mistake! .... If you describe "long hours of work," make sure you demonstrate that the ...
I read a motivational book
I got an unexpected $10 coupon for a future purchase at my local store.
I had dinner with my entire family
I was given a free drink by the barista at the drive-through window at my local Starbucks.
Won a little contest at the office.
I was happy that the basketball team I wanted to win did.
Playing No Man's Sky on my PS4 while relaxing in the living room.
I was happy when the shirt I bought fit and looked lovely
The men at the oil change facility were cracking some really good jokes which made me laugh.
i was happy when i can listen to my favorite singer live
Last night, I discovered that I could watch the last 4 episodes of  The Walking Dead for free on Kodi. 
My new tapestry arrived today and was far more beautiful than I had expected.
My dog was happy to see my husband when he had been gone for a conference.
Got myself an ice cream cone at baskin robbins 
Feeling much better not being sick.
We made plans to go to a movie tomorrow.
I saw the trailer, for IT, and it looks promising.
Being somewhat productive today and yesterday in terms of appointments and obligations made me happy.
On Friday night I was able to buy one and then get one free on two different expensive dog treat items at Kroger.
I won a gift basket at the fundraiser.
No longer fighting with the wife after a big blow up.  Don't want to talk about the 'why'.
I was thinking all day that it was Sunday and I had work in the morning. I did all my meal prep for the week, did the kids school work ( homeschool) and then around 7:30pm I was shocked when I remembered it was Saturday.
I completed a mission in a game on the phone.
I was happy when my partner rubbed my sore back for me.
I was happy to find a pair of my favorite jeans for $45. They normally cost $129.
I was able to exercise after having my knee operated on after less than 2 months ago.
I got to see my mother and ate dinner with her.
I went to the casino this afternoon and won more than I spent.
Had one of the tastiest cheeseburgers from Outback Steakhouse.
I got to take a nap. 
My husband cooked breakfast for me this morning and also let me sleep in for an extra hour, that made me very happy!
I went to lunch with my mom
I went for a long walk this afternoon and it was very pleasant, got some blood in my legs.
I had a great workout at the gym. 
I finally found the time to relax and finish the book I'd been reading for a week.
Yesterday for dinner I was able to eat a really good sandwich.
I bought a new computer.
I finished all of the laundry that had been piled up.
I kissed my boyfriend
Watching UNC play in the NCAA basketball final four.
I watched 'Inside Out' with my son.
I went to church tonight and heard an amazing message about how Christ can and does use us.
My husband and I went downtown and found a free parking spot only a block and a half from our destination.
What made me happy was telling my coworkers an April Fool's joke. 
I cooked a new kind of omelette using mushrooms and eggplant. 
My dad bought donuts for me.
I was happy when my results came back from a Doctors visit.
Seeing the new spring flower blossoms gives me a feeling of joy and anticipation for the upcoming seasons.
Yesterday afternoon i went to swimming pool. Because here climate is very hot. I was spent more than two hours. I enjoyed with my swimming and enjoyed lot in water. Its makes me very relaxed and happy. My mental pressures has been gone away. Finally i finished swimming and ready to go to home. Swimming pool management is offered me 50% they collected me half charges for swimming. I was excited. I asked them why 50% offer. What happened? They said sir you're very decent. You didn't waste water and your swimming is perfect. We like you so much. That's why 50% offer. Please come again and again to our swimming pool. Thank you sir. Really i was very happy and i love to go again and again. Thank you. 
I went to work and put candy into eggs for our easter egg hunt  with the children next week.  It was fun listening to music and stuffing eggs.
I helped my son for doing his project.
I finished a reading project that needed to be completed.
I received a raise at work yesterday.  It made me happy to start making more money.
my desired electronic was available so i can purchase it now
My baby took three steps on his own for the first time.  Then he fell on his butt and clapped for himself.  It was adorable.
My favorite tv show was doing a marathon.
After lunch and nap time we made a snack with celery and peanut butter for bunny ears, then we used paper plates to make Bunny faces. It was a lot of fun watching her play with the jug of pompoms trying to find the perfect nose. 
My son helped me do yard work and saved me a lot of time on it. 
I got pulled over on the way home from work, but only got a warning.
I made a banana bread and it turned out and tasted great.
I was able to relax and continue work on my model airplane.
My dog suffered an injury at the park earlier this week and is starting to use her leg again.
Taking my family out to eat for lunch and not having to wait to be seated.
My child has reported having a good week at school.
I found a great deal on a pair of shoes today that I have been wanting for a long time.
I went to lunch with my mom. We went to her favorite sushi bar and enjoyed a nice meal there.
I made some really delicious homemade popcorn topped with some really good spices.
I got a call from my childhood friend. Who's living in Europe.
At night when I was buying my new earphones at Sony store.
My nephews got to meet our new puppy for the first time.
i plant a yellow rose in my balcony . today morning when i woke up i saw the bud coming out of the leaves which makes me feel good and happy. and , i plan to have grow soem ore roses in the pot this week. 
I spent the evening doing fun stuff with my daughter like playing Magic and making food.
I am at home earlier than I had expected, with time to relax.
I had my weekly Weight Watchers weigh-in this morning and I lost a pound this week.
My rabbits were described as 'in excellent health and beautiful condition' at their vet check-up. 
I reached home for weekend.
I laid down on the couch because I was tired.
My daughters gave me hugs and kisses before bed.
I met some old friends.
I am watching the basketball tournament with my boyfriend, which makes me happy.  I love spending time with him. I had a nice day overall, and it made me happy that it was not so strenuous as it has been all around.
I ate a very delicious plate of barbecue chicken.
I watched Sleepy Hollow.
My youngest child is finally learning to walk. He is almost 18 months old and we were worried he would need physical therapy, but he is finally learning. He is so happy and proud of himself.
while my husband told to me that "don't prepare anything for eating for the dinner on this sunny day. Its too hot, just avoid it, and i will bring food from hotel."
I rearranged room furniture to good some space.
Got the drop that i wanted from a game that i was playing.
Winning lottery 
I talked to my niece on the phone.
My son born and I got an excitement of foreign tour
Yesterday Evening i went to circus with my family and i was very happy to see my son is enjoying the circus.
I tend to memorize things well. With me being able to memorize things, I donat require a lot of studying. If I know I have a big exam to prepare for, I do many things to prepare for it. For example, in my biology class, I print my notes online before going into class. Then in class I take sloppy notes all over my printed out notes. I pay attention in class, and then when I get home I re-print my notes from online. I re-copy my sloppy notes on my new notes. Then I donat look over them again until the night before the test. I may, if I have time, look, over my notes right before the exam. I, then, take the test. Usually I make a pretty good grade: A or B. I can memorize the sayings that go with my notes, and that makes it a lot easier to learn for a test. I tend to remember numbers and things such as that fairly easily. As far as taking notes, I use PowerPoint for everything I type. I can better my notes using PowerPoint versus any other type of writing. It is neater, and I can highlight things better, and I donat have to worry about any words smearing. When I write a paper, I always make a list or bubble map of things I need to put in the paper. Then I write down different sentences on another sheet of paper. I also type my first draft, so that I can proofread it easier. After correcting my writing many times, I type the final paper. Once again, I always make a list (brainstorm) of things I am going to be writing about. I find it very helpful.
I sold something on Ebay.  I hadn't sold anything in a week and was starting to worry as I desperately need this extra income.  I was happy and relieved.
I received encouragement and reassurance from my managers after I had a guest issue on a tour.
I got to watch my favorite sport on tv, and we won!
I played with my cat. 
I went on a run for the first time in 2 weeks, and the sunny weather during my run put me in a good mood.
I went to watch the new Logan movie with a friend, and I thought it was a great movie.
Found an extra beer in the back of the fridge.
I felt happy today while I was driving in my car listening to some of my favorite songs. 
my daughter finished her dinner without any fuss
My toddler figured out how to go back down stairs safely (not headfirst!). 
I received the purchase order for my new laptop and I was happy.
I went for a great run in the cold weather.
I didn't have to drive my kids to school today because its Saturday. 
I was delighted to see the look on my young son's face when I showed him the fabric he can use to sew a toy.
I bough a new car.
I took a walk and listened to birds, realizing spring is here.
I got to go on a bike ride (which I love to do) for the first time in a long time this morning.
I was able to find chocolate milk at the store.
I was out of the house all day and was able to finally see my dog when I got home.
I watched a few episodes of my favorite tv show on netflix.
I won in the district level chess tournament which was held at my hometown.
I found a penny on the ground.
My sister came over and brought my baby nephew to visit and play around.
The grocery store baker gave me a free cookie.
I had a good conversation with my friend Julie on the phone while she was doing her laundry.
When my toddler fell asleep immediately without a fight when I put him down for his nap this afternoon.
I got to socialise with a new friend.
I submitted a piece of my design work to an exhibition in Japan, and I was informed this morning that they have accepted my submission.
I finished a difficult tax return for my old boss.  I was very happy to have put that behind me.
I purchased a new refrigerator online from a big retailer this evening.  I have had my eye on this appliance for a long time, and was waiting for it to be on sale.  Not only was it on sale today, but there was an additional cash back rebate for buying it online. 
my family is also ready to accept that girl.
I watched the Chicago Bulls come back and win to keep their playoff chances alive.
I was happy today when I watched Gonzaga win which led to them making their first College Basketball Championship game ever.
I received a surprise gift in the mail from a friend.
I felt really happy when I made breakfast and everything turned out perfect. 
Yesterday, I got a call for a job interview.  I have been looking for a new job for over a year, and this is a job I would love to have.  I have been looking at this company and checking their web site for the last six months.  I finally found a job that I was qualified for and they want to talk to me about it.
got all the yard work finished.
I went to my mom's house to visit. She had been out with her boyfriend all afternoon visiting and having ice cream. They are both pretty old and in poor health, so I was very happy that they had a good day.
The weather was warm and sun was shining so I was able to start painting the railings of my balcony.
I spent some time with my husband.
I got some time to myself to sit, cross stitch, and then read.
gave food to a hungry person panhandling outside safeway
I played some video games.
I ate really good sushi.
I turned on the tv and my favorite movie was on.
I signed back up for the WWE Network streaming service and watched a live event with the service.
The weather was warm today and I was able to go out for a walk and enjoy the warmth.
I got to go home early from work.
I got a nice workout in!
I was able to sit down on the computer and have a glass of wine.
Playing a computer game with my husband.  We work together on it so we can both enjoy the experience at the same time.  
When i received my  salary.
I got my test grades back today and I got a B on my test.
Yesterday I met with my sisters and their families to celebrate a birthday. It was a fun evening, without any fuss, just us, a cake and a lot of conversation. We made plans for the future, which led us to live in another country, starting a business together, leading a quiet and simple life
 I help someone out with a chore and that made that person's day and mine as well.
Going to the gym after binging at the baby shower today! I wasn't feeling it, but decided to drag myself there. I am always happy when I go, even though the toughest part is getting there. I feel less guilty for what I ate today.
A game company that I follow closely released a set of April Fools game development notes that were hilarious to read.
My girlfriend made food for me when I came home
purchased some dresses for me and family
We have a nine month old son who just learned to crawl this week.  Tonight it was just surreal seeing him being able to move after his toys and chase his older sister.  My wife and I got so many smiles and laughs tonight watching him go.  
After I made my sale, I was able to leave work early and go hang out with friends. 
I accomplished a major goal today, which was to clean the gutters on my house.
 A few hours ago I was able to go to a meeting with my son for our church. It was very good to spend that time with him. 
At night i eat my favorite food, It was so good, I enjoy the moment
Eating a special treat with my significant other
I shared pictures on my instagram account. 
i am very happy in playing cricket and reading books
I received a gift from my girlfriend without any reason.
 This morning, was Saturday, and we were able to sleep in longer than usual. 
 I got to FaceTime my daughter who lives all the way over in Wisconsin, which is pretty far from here where I am in Arizona, so it was great to get to talk with them and the grandkids over the FaceTime. 
completed a big issue and was praises by my manager
My in laws had a family reunion this afternoon and we got to visit with a lot of people that we don't normally get to see and talk to. 
I had the day off so I was able to relax and just play some video games and read. 
My baby is having his best healthy life as he has now completely recovered from all diseases. 
I was highly happy for my brotheras success as it was a turning point of life for him. If he failed to get the desired admission, the situations would have been unimaginable. My dad was too serious about the issue. He warned my elder brother to be serious in his studies but the boy did not pay any heed to the suggestions of dad. He was always involved with his friends and mates. Even it was quite natural for him to come home late at night. When he appeared in the exam
I was able to clean my house and take a nap.
when i gave the money to my parents and they thank me a lot for this
Going to the store and buying healthy food
I finally got my car finished.  I had to install new headers, x-pipe and Cat-Back exhaust on it.  I have been waiting for a long time for this.
I watched Netflix Live Cancelled and really enjoyed what I watched.
I hiked 7 miles with my backpack for the first time this season yesterday.  
Another event that made me happy within the past 24 hours was having a nice conversation with my mother on the phone.
I took cute pictures to post on instagram of my trip so far that I love just looking at.
Made myself a gourd of very good yerba mate.
I sat in my hot tub to relax this evening.
Talking to my family yesterday was good and gave me happiness.
I finally found the time to paint my bathroom vanity.
I was able to find a Magic card worth $3 in the bulk 25AC/ bin at the local card store. I bought it and am planning to sell it online to make a little bit of profit.
To be able to help to make my friend's birthday benefit happen and make sure that the people that came were happy with the event.
I made potstickers for dinner and they were fantastic.
We have been having a hard time with money so I have been working extra random jobs and I made just enough to pay the rent and my loan. It feels good that I did not have to ask for money from my mom and I made it another month on bills. 
i was able to accomplish a few personal projects that have bene on hold.
I spent the Saturday outdoors where it was sunny. 
My friend sent me photos from Florida, and I loved them. 
I ORDERED A WATCH THROUGH ONLINE. I GOT IT AND IT LOOKS VERY BEAUTIFUL THAN I EXPECTED. WHICH MAKES ME HAPPY.
I "caught" a $10 mturk job.
when i spend our time with my parents so i feel very happy. beacuse they loves me a lot so i feel very happy.
The pair of barn sparrows have returned to the nest they built last year.
I watched a really cute video on Youtube about a lion with two dog friends.
I went swimming at a local YMCA.
I won a few online games against my friends after dinner tonight.
My wife cooked dinner for me.
I watched an old black and white Bette Davis movie, "Now Voyager. Bliss
I spoke with my brother about his new car.
Then we decide gone outside dinner with my family and share with my hubby to what i did today good things. Getting appreciation with my hubby that was wonderful day for me.
I was happy when playing games with my family. 
tomorrow i can get up at 10 AM because is sunday!
I saw a really cute dog at the park and its owner let me pet it.
I am a stay at home mom.  My son was being a nut yesterday (Friday). My husband walked through the door after work and took over. 
I had a good friend text me earlier today to tell me he missed me. It was a really great moment because he is a friend I really love and haven't seen in a long time. It made me really happy to hear from him after so long.
I was so happy to see that Gonzaga did well in their game today.
My son is starting school and is working twords something good. 
I learned new punching moves on my speed bag, and was able to do a very good workout on it today.
I wife bought me a new pair of shoes.
I started to notice results of my working out! I happened to look in the mirror and realized that I actually looked really good.
My father came home today from our village after a long vacation.
I was told that I did a good job at work.
i took part in one of the music program conducted by in one of our temple, it gave me some happy moments with my friends, the holy atmosphere in the temple made the function more happier.
Eating a bowl of ice cream.
Won a gold fish through lucky dip. This was for a charity and i am happy that i won it. Yeh
What made me happy was able to finish a book i was reading for a week.
I listened to my favorites songs as I cooked this afternoon and I smiled and moved my hips while chopping veggies.
My dog learned a new trick today.
Shower water suddenly comes.
Not having to go to work.
my new dog coming my home
I found a health product that I am hopeful will allow me to regain lost flexibility.
I spent almost a month with great anxiety regarding my result publication. I started speculating so many things and many of them were negative. I could hardly keep away the tensions about my upcoming result. The result was so important that my college admission would mostly depend on it. I could not sleep well in the night before the result publishing. I think this is a common anxiety for students and I was familiar with this type of anxiety. However, this particular exam results game me more nightmares than any other time of my life. 
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
yesterday we booked for a trip to a hill station . The arrangements regarding the trip made my whole family enthusiastic and their happiness makes me more happy. we are waiting to start with the same spirit
I Calm because today is my birthday. Thank you mom
I think it's time to be happy again.
I hit my goal for Amazon MTurk which has been pretty difficult. 
I spent last night watching movies with my six year old son.
I daily walk in the evening but probably after 6 months today I went for a morning walk.
I won a $50 lottery ticket. 
I cleaned up my room yesterday and that made me feel good.
I received a new job opportunity.
My husband was in a good mood. 
I was happy when my spouse asked me if we go out to a shopping place that was a little further away.  This place sells ethnic food items and I was happy to go there as an outing.  This was particularly significant since we had not gone out in a while.
I went shopping witha  work bonus.
I made resin charms. 
I took a nice nap this afternoon.
I bought a ton of games in steam and got it cheap.
Around noon time I got a call from a old friend of mine. It's been year since we talked. He was coming in to town next month for a convention. So he though he'll drop by and visit me as well. 
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

It was nice weather outside.
My son gave me a hug and told me he loves me.
When I came to my office. I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about me uncle's summer vacation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
In my office i lead a whole team in presentation meeting and our presentation being accepted from all CEOs its very happy moment for me.
i ran around and played with my puppy outside.
Listening to the great Lauren from IHOP worship music.
My best friend from school called me after a longtime of 8 years
Today is my birthday. hope my birthday blossoms into lots of dreams come true.
In the past 24 hrs we all friends plan a prank n fool my one friend n this plan worked out so well that she was been fooled .it was fun to play a prank on the 1st April .
Tonight me and my friends going to movie.
I was happy to spend time with my children today.
I was able to reconnect with an old friend I had not seen in 10 years, got the chance to hang out and he had dinner with me and my family.
When my family cooked and buying my favorite clothing for me.
The most important thing is to enjoy your life - to be happy - it's all that matters.

A birthday is just another day where you go to work and people give you love. Age is just a state of mind, and you are as old as you think you are. 
I had some ice cream.
I went on a great dinner date with my significant other earlier this evening.
I found a gas station that had fuel on sale for 18 cents less than the average around the city where I live.
My mom sent me an Easter card in the mail. 
My son who is preparing for his board exams,assured me today that he will get the cash prize of 1 lakh by scoring 1st mark which made me happy and I am eagerly waiting for his result to get published. I am very much happy and excited at his words
My cat got a new box he was excited about.
My girlfriend is working on becoming a better person and it makes me happy.
My daughter took a piece of dough when i was making bread and made a heart out of it, then brought it to show me and said, "I love you Mommy."
Managed to fix something I had been meaning to fix without too much effort.
A friend from the past reached out to me and we are reconnecting and catching up on lost time. 
I ate KFC today.
Actually yesterday after my work, suddenly my HR gifted me perfume gift, very surprisingly, which made me feel really happy.
i brought new dressers yesterday 
A game website got changed, but I found a way to play the same games.
I received a bonus on mturk
My brother got his first paycheck yesterday and so treated me and my mom to lunch.
I WENT TO YOGA
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
watching my nephew play at the park on the swings.
i went to shopping
I am going for the Christening of one of my relatives today.
A friend unexpectedly dropped by. 
I went to beach with family.
I WENT TO BROWSING CENTER
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE 
I went to temple.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
 
 
I'm happy to help you, and I'm happy you came to visit.
I WENT TO YOGA
Meeting with my dear relatives after a long time.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I bought fresh fish from the market at a very low price and it made me happy as the fish was very tasty
Create a new blog which is planned 2 years back
I enjoyed a good tv show.
My son came home from college to visit for the weekend, it has been awhile since we spent time with him.
Discussion made in family on long back
A deep kiss with my girlfriend last night makes me feel awesome
I got the call from doctor  that my wife is pregnant and I just heard "Dad" in my ear. I am at the top of world.
In the past 24 hours another event that made me happy was when my wife came home from work.  She had to leave early in the morning, so I was feeling a bit lonely during the day.  When she finally got off of work I felt happy to see her and ready to spend the rest of the day with her.
I got to have lunch with my spouse.
I spend time with my grand mother. She prepared an Indian traditional dish for my dinner. It was very delicious.  
I read that Jimmy Fallon is hosting SNL in a couple weeks.
I found a necklace that belonged to my grandmother that I thought I lost years ago.
I have a spreadsheet that tracks all of my debts, mortgage, credit card, etc.  I used to check the numbers every 3 - 6 months.  This year, I decided to do so at the end of every month.  It is a very effective way to get feedback on how well I am or how poorly I am at paying down debt.  in the month of March, my total debt went down by nearly $2000.  That's not normal.  Usually the decrease is far less, or even worse, my numbers go up.  It won't happen every month, and it certainly won't be as much as this past month very often, but it sure is nice when it does happen!
I was happy to see a photo on Instagram of one of my grad school friend's engagement.
I was happy when my husband brought me cereal.
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
I got the news of my promotion to a higher post.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.

I always think of each night as a song. Or each moment as a song. But now I'm seeing we don't live in a single song. We move from song to song, from lyric to lyric, from chord to chord.
I got my appraisal message today.
WAS PLAYING WITCHER 2 VIDEOGAME FOR HOURS.
i went to meet my parents to day morning
I visited my mom today.
I was able to check off every item on my to-do list, including hand-washing the entire laundry.
I baked some cookies.
I have left over pizza for breakfast this morning. Double cheese for the win!
I saw a really good play.
I ordered a new Wireless Speaker from Amazon.
My son came over and spent several hours hanging out with me.
I was able to make an extra $30 today running some side delivery with Postmates.
I finally completed 100 push ups and 50 squat ups .
My boyfriend and I made creme brulee today. We had a lot of fun while making them, and also it's my favorite dessert.
I read a book it is very comedy one.
Actually this one is a little unique - I love doing these "What made you happy today?" HITs. Not only are they decent money, but they make me reflect on good things that happened throughout my day. So I thank you for creating these HITs.
Sold old newspapers.
I felt accomplished and cheerful because I managed to have 7 hours of sleep to account for the time I spent awake late night working on the college project, and a good meal afterwards.
My boyfriend sent me a text message from work stating that he missed me.
my dog greeted me when i got home late at night from one of my many jobs. 
Went to theater with my family
I got five orders for making digital from from my neighbors 
I called into the office saying I'd be late because I wanted to sleep a bit more. I ended up going to the office 2 hours later and was still able to finish all my work for the day.
I thought about my vacation which starts in one day.  I am really looking forward to not having to work for two weeks.  I planned out my to do list and got organized.  
We went park and zoo to play some funny game.
My wife give me a new branded shirt.
Life is full of good and bad moments. Each day in itself brings various moments in life. Every day we go through mixed feelings. Sometimes, only we have experienced a pure jovial moment or a pure sad moment. Everyone also has the special moment in life. It is just a day when someones dreams are bad. One day while I was walking on the road, I saw a poor woman who is feeding other poor boy. I was very much happy with that woman.
I accidentally left my cell phone in a taxi, but the driver managed to spot it shortly after I got out of the cab, and then chase me down and return it to me.
I saw another one of these HITs come up.  I like doing these HITs.
Walking around in the sun this morning, listening to the birds singing, and seeing the flowers blooming made me feel very happy and peaceful.
It was the first mango serving of the season and I ate a lot of mangoes.
Got two months salary as bonus yesterday for good performance, very happy.
My team wins a exciting football match today.
Watched most excited movie Kung Fu- Yoga acted by Jackie. I enjoyed the movie.
My brother shared me a old video it will led me to old memories.
While running errands I took a break and stopped at a local park to take a quick hike down to the river even though it was raining. 
I was cleaning the house today and when I was adjusting the couch, I found a long lost ring inside the couch.
I had dinner with a close friend.
make a plan about next holiday trip
I met my school teacher after long time.
My kid's annual exam was finished and his vacation is start he is very happy and ensure that he will get the best marks in the school.That is make me happy. 
When I was finally able to watch the movie, Fallen.
I watched one of my favorite online personalities do a charity stream for children with illnesses. The amount of love and donations that flowed in really made me smile and reflect about what people can do when they come together.
I got package I have been waiting a week for.
I don't need to worry about work for some moment
I watched a favorite movie in television and that was a happy moment.
I got a proposal from a guy which i expect.
Got an appraisal
I cooked myself which was tasty and it was a happy moment
When I received my aunt at the railway station and brought her home to stay with us.
I received some photos from my mother that show her having a good time.
My wife added a couple of snails to her fish tank and I really like one because it's huge I call it Snailzilla.
I beat my old high score in a game I've been trying to do off an on for a week.
My brother made tea for me. I love tea made by him. It tastes really very good. 
Ran a mini marathon in the morning.
I solved a problem I was having with my javascript code.
My husband made dinner for the whole family (myself and 4 kids).
Nightout with my bae
This HIT! I think it's great to be able to do tasks like this one which help me focus on gratitude.
For some reason I feel like I'm more tired than other people even though I don't really do anything, so when I lay in bed I get so comfortable that it just makes me happy. I smile and snuggle with my blankets and really feel the bed.
the event was i got selection in football team
Fulfilling my mom's work to give vegetable to my grand mom made me happy.
When my sister called me to let me know that she passed a very important exam. It made me very happy and proud of her as an older brother.
I bought a new watch today. it makes me happy today.
I watched the movie "Sausage Party" on Netflix last night. 
I cooked a light disk for my friends after church and they were surprised to find out i could cook such tasty meals. I told them about my secret plans to own a resturant as soon as I save up enough money :)
Finished an important project for wok.
I had a bonfire with my family and I loved it.
went to fishing last night
I had meeting with my ex girlfriend , and we had nice time together that made me happy.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

I found some sunglasses that I thought were permanently lost. I had bought these sunglasses while I was at Disney World and I was quite upset that I could not find them.  It did make me happy when I found them!
I surpassed a monetary goal I had set for myself.
Got off from work early in the evening,reached home early
I snuggled with my dog as I fell asleep and it put me at ease after a stressful day.
An event that made me happy in the last 24 hours is cooking a home made pizza. The event caused me to appreciate the little things in life, like enjoying a simple meal at home.
I drive for Uber and got a big tip from a passenger.
Yesterday i went to my kids school and the teached remarked that my child was very active and obedient and i was very happy and in the evening i brought my kid a present after hearing the teacher comments.
I took a nice walk in the sunshine. 
I landed a good paying survey on mturk yesterday.
I found my car keys which had been missing for over a week.
I was happy about attending the music festival in Raleigh.
i went into a green garden where i felt like a heaven.
rode bike in very critical road. its magical and really superb experience with 12 bikes. its like racing game. really full enjoyment in evening time
My sister got first price i arts festival competition
Before some hours, when I come my house that time my daughter saw me and she was running and hug me and give me birthday wish, so that time I was really happy.
Watching NXT Takeover, and seeing Booby Roode defeat Shinskue Nakumara.
I finished up a finance project that I was working on.
Drink beer with my friends and playing video games
My fiance was telling me how much he loves me and we danced in our living room together. He knows I was going through some hard things, like losing my job, and his love and support is a huge thing for me.
Had a great steak dinner.
I was able to receive compensation from my part time online work
I watched a good movie.
Manager approved the vacation I wanted after a week worth of saying to delay the plan. 
I got back a jacket that I'd loaned to a friend.
Dinner turned out great.
My favorite sandwich shop had my favorite sandwich (corned beef on rye bread) on sale for 20% off.
my favorite club is the first in the league 
I saved money on a deal online
 I played with my new puppy.
my first present to my mom by my own money
I was happy when my husband said that he was going to take my son and I out to dinner on Wednesday.
Going on a date with a beautiful girl. 
I felt happy when I got a new item last night playing World of Warcraft. 
I discovered some exciting job prospects. 
It made me happy when I woke up this morning and the sun was out.  It is a perfection combination of Sunday and the sun being out.  It made me feel vibrant and ready to enjoy the day.
I picked North Carolina in my office NCAA pool and they beat Oregon last night.
My wife and son made the local news last night.  They were helping to paint a local library.  A news crew heard about it and filmed them for a few minutes.
Going to dinner with my Brother in law Monday and get to see my nephew I haven't seen in six months
Working out at the gym with only a few other people there.
My wife made sticky buns for breakfast this AM. 
Watching Movie
I went for a long distance run.
I just ate waffles with maple syrup that a friend of mine made.
My five-year-old son said "I love you" to me without prompting.
My girl friend and I sat and talked about how life is going for us.  We are very grateful.
I was happy to finally find some lost checks for which I had been looking for almost a week.
My old school mate contacted me via Facebook; we talked for 30 minutes!
While meditating, I reached my new high of 150 breaths before becoming distracted.
I spoke with my grandparents, who I do not get to talk to very often.
My family helped clean the house.
my parents wedding anniversary .. we celebrated in happiest way ..meet dads friends. they were quite interesting.. party  everywhere .. hangouts .. dance .. its all about love and care .. there is no age limit for it.. everyone stood up with some celebration.. 
Made a sale on ebay. 
My wife is pregnant and I got to feel our baby kick.
A call from my son away in school
Came home to a 1200 dollar rebate check for something I forgot about.
Got a full night of uninterrupted sleep.
I got on the scale at the gym and saw I was down 7 pounds from the last time I weighed myself with that scale.
My husband arranged a party for me in the afternoon and i was really surprised.
I recently purchased a new car and i absolutely love it.  Yesterday it was nice out so i decided to get it washed quickly.  Cars are something that i love and am an enthusiast about.  During the car wash i felt very happy and content for the moment as i got my car washed and got to see it nice and clean.
Easter egg hunt down town
I found a spice I was looking for at the grocery store that I didn't expect to be there, so I got to make the dinner I really wanted to for myself and my girlfriend when she got home from work.
I got a check on the 1st of april, started buying things like videogames etc.
Spent more than an hour in the church and felt blessed.
I got a new part-time online job for which i was trying for a few months. 
I ate mac and cheese for dinner with my wife.
I am a wildlife rehabilitator and I am caring for orphaned squirrels right now and feeding them a few minutes ago made me very happy because it's wonderful to see them thrive.
I ate a nice meal that I prepared.
My sister called from her home 600 miles away to tell me she will be attending my college graduation, despite previously telling me she couldn't make it .
Having my car washed.
I found a lot of good deals at the grocery store.
My boyfriend has been really ill. There are times I feel I need to take him to the emergency room. He is sick with liver cirrhosis. I can see his mental and physical state depreciating in front of me. Yesterday he was very confused, so I decided to wait it out. Soon after waiting his clarity came back and I was no longer afraid. 
I was able to talk with my crush.
Finally, I felt happy this morning when I successfully made popovers that my husband loved!  I'm not a great baker/cook, and I never seem to have the right ingredients on hand to create masterpieces in the kitchen.  But, this morning, I actually had everything I needed (it's a simple recipe) and decided to give it a try.  WELL, they came out perfect!  He loved them, I loved them and I was able to put some aside for tomorrow morning's breakfast.  
I bought a really good new book and read it at one sitting.
My baby lifted up her head for a long time while cuddling with my husband.
I bought the second volume of Gwenpool at the bookstore.
The whole family went to a special storytime event together.
Saw some old pictures in my drawer and i framed them and my husband liked them so much.
I had received a bonus for my week effort on my job.
The carpet installation company called yesterday evening and we are going to be getting our basement carpet installed next week.  We have been waiting over month for this so I can't wait.
Watched two great basketball games saturday night with the ncaa final four playing for the big game monday. 
I got a discount on my shirt it was great.
I got off of work, it took quite a while.
I cleaned my room for the first time in a month. 
I went out with my boyfriend and friends for a friend's birthday.
Yesterday my pool was finally warm enough to stay in comfortably, I had a lot of fun swimming around and shooting hoops in the pool for about an hour.
I got to eat a delicious dinner last night (lasagna), and in addition to tasting good it dirtied very little dishes and was easy to prepare, all things that made me happy.
I met some really fun people last night that all share a love of craft beer.
My brother was waiting for a long time for his Visa. Suddenly he got the Work Visa for UAE and I am happy for him that he will be now working in UAE. His ticket is after 15 days.
I ate breakfast with my boyfriend 
I got to spend some time relaxing and playing video games even after getting a bunch of chores done.
Dinner last night came out tasting better then expected. 
Last evening, my wife and I scored some great deals at a special Big Lots sale.
After our hike we went to a restaurant and had a tasty meal.
I fell asleep in the arms of my boyfriend, something I don't get to do very often.
I made some big progress on organizing my closet.
I found out they are making a sequel to Rogue One which was one of my favorite sci-fi movies ever.
I drank tea without sugar.  
I watched a guy and his dog stand up paddle boarding together.
I ate steak and mashed potatoes.
Had family over for a cookout
Chocolate mint chip ice cream for the first time in years and eating it in bed with the love of my life! Life is good!
I watched a new movie. 
My boyfriend and I had a good conversation over the phone.
My daughter and I walked to Starbucks and she told me everything going on at school and really opened up to me. 
I talked to my cousins in Chicago.
I receive a phone call from the girl i like,about a book we talk yesterday,she want to borrow it and that gives me positive vibes that she might like me.
Getting to go to a puppy store and look at adorable little dogs that could be bought. 
My girls and I are relaxing together and watching cartoons.
Grabbed coffee this morning at the Exxon gas station and found it to be of better quality.
I made plans to see my family.
I watched my new favorite movie last night, Fantastic Beasts, and really enjoyed it, again!
I resisted temptation and ate a salad for lunch thus being healthy.
I went out shopping at the local record store with my wife and found some new movies that I purchased.
My daughter went to spend time with a friend overnight.
My adult children joined me and my brother in doing the eggs and I really enjoyed watching them create beautiful designs! One daughter got us all the most delicious lunch, I'm planning on the leftovers for today.
I was able to sit down and relax while watching my favorite TV show, House of Cards.
I got to go out with some of my family for lunch and also was able to hang out with my best friend and his girlfriend for a while.
This morning I was very happy to look at the weather app on my phone and see that, after Tuesday, it will finally be spring in Maine. 

I got a full 8 hours of sleep.
We picked up another FOB for the car at the dealership- the previous owner of the car found it
Looking at my wedding photos that I received in the mail.
Today I had watch my favourite movies Rack star . i really enjoyed with this movie
I was able to walk around in nature for the first time this year because of good weather.
I watched a funny video.
A phone call with my college kid on the speaker phone so my whole family was talking at once.
I have attended a local volleyball tournament today. I also met my old school days friends from there.
Me and my son prepared chocolate cake today for his brother he prepared. With his own hands its was so tasty we enjoyed a lot
Finally getting to sit down and play some video games
i was happy today when i heard my favorite song on the radio. 
Getting my chores for the day done. I had to budget, work on my student loans and a few other things.
Went to see a funny animated movie with the whole crew I described coloring Easter eggs with. The theater was nice with comfortable reclining seats and the movie was cute and funny. We all ate lots of popcorn and candy and had a great time together.
I got an email from a friend I haven't heard from in a while, and I responded to him.
I started to walk as a exercise everyday 
My purring kitty cat sat on my lap while we were watching TV.
Holly James wants to see me this coming monday and i want to see her too i missed her
Received a quote for our backyard landscaping theat is well below our budget for it and work will completed this week.
I bought a new car. It was a very big moment for me as i felt i had achieved something in life and can afford the luxuries.
I was deeply in cooking my dinner while having a glass of wine.
It is good weather today and I'm planing to take a walk in 30 minutes. 
I got to watch my best friend on live stream online do something he loves, which made me happy.
My kids had a good time at their grandma's house and didn't act like psychopaths.
Harley, my landlord's dog was finally able to walk after a week of him not moving.
Went to a friends house to watch the Final Four basketball games.  
I went for a hike with my husband and two dogs.
I watched the show "powerless" with my girlfriend and we both really enjoyed it.
My wife and I went and looked at a new neighborhood that we are interested in buying a home in.
It made me happy to chat with friends on the phone.
I had a terrific time grocery shopping yesterday with  my wife and daughter, I love the new supermarket in our area.
It was supposed to rain today but instead it's really sunny and warm.
For the first time I made a soft cake successfully and all family members enjoyed and appreciated the taste was not less than a cake ordered from cake tree 
I ate a nice plate of sushi for dinner. 
I had a really good burger at a picnic yesterday. 
I watched episodes of my favorite tv show.
I talked to my parents for a long time and shared all my happy moments with them.
This morning I got a text from a friend who is on a mission trip out of the country, and he said they are having a great week.
I got caught up on a big pile of paperwork that had been nagging at me, and it felt good to see a clean desk.
My 1 year old son went pee on the potty.
I watched a movie with my best friend. It was nice to unwind, eat popcorn and watch a good movie before going to sleep.
My dog did not poop inside. 
I am not tires anymoe.
I won 3 games in a row of FIFA on xbox live.
This morning I got to sleep in late because it is the weekend.
My morning snuggles with my dog. She curls up perfectly right next to me and spending time with my pup is the best. 
I am going to have more fun playing our xbox.
Taking a drive in the country yesterday made me feel happy.
I found a very expensive, new in the box  doll to give to my grandchild for her 6th birthday, at an estate sale.
I won $200 in blackjack.
Clean my house.  I enjoy how the house looks after I clean and organize. 
My wife came home and made sure I was tucked in and comfortable while I was sleeping.
My boyfriend and my son had a nerf gun war in the middle of my house, and everyone was laughing hysterically.
I received a long hug from my husband.
I got accepted at a glass fusing class that I've been trying to get into for several years. 
I went for a 45 brisk walk in the early evening that was quite refreshing
My cat rolled around on his back in the sunlight and it was ridiculously cute.
I got a gift from my former sister-in-law.
I slept really well last night and woke up really refreshed.
Another thing that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to go out and enjoy the weekend freely.
I took a walk in the park early this morning and watched the sun rise over the river.
The kids were playing and enjoying the holiday with their cousins.
The weather outside is great.
This morning I went for a hike with my dog. 
I finished the long book that I had been reading.
I bought a new music making program for my home studio and had a lot of fun playing with it
Finding out I had lost 2lbs.
I went out for a nice dinner with my girlfriend last night.
I cooked a recipe I saved on the Internet for dinner.
I got a letter in the mail yesterday afternoon that said I was being considered for a prestigious job I applied to.
I was able to clean the carpet on the stairs without anyone around to walk on them before they had a chance to dry and they look great too!
Another event that made me happy was reading a good book.
Enjoyed to Watch New film
My husband massaged my sore neck and shoulders while we watched a TV show. 
My son woke up this morning and is feeling better. He was sick yesterday. 
Today I also received some gift cards I had won through online surveys which made me happy. 
I received an update from a group of people who I work with on our next project.
Had a nice Sunday breakfast with the family.
I got to visit my in laws for the first time in a long time.
I won a game of league of legends
I bought a protein cookie at the grocery store. It was so good and fairly healthy.
My sister and I worked on a crossword puzzle together and it was a lot of fun solving the clues together.
I stopped by Pizza Hut and got a pepperoni and sausage stuffed crust pizza.
I heard from my best friend
The third thing that made me happy was I found out I qualified to buy my first home.
My mom cooked the food I loved for lunch today. I loved it.
I love the Olympics because there are always so many amazing stories of dedication, perseverance, and sportsmanship. The recent Olympics in Rio de Janeiro were no exception.
But one of the best life lessons I observed this year was not an example of any of the noble qualities listed above. This life lesson comes from the tragic and cautionary tale of Chad le Clos from South Africa.
Chad le Clos is a star freestyle and butterfly swimmer, having won a world champion and Olympic gold medal. In the 2012 Olympics he even beat Michael Phelps in the 200-meter butterfly, Phelpas favorite race. When Phelps announced he was coming out of retirement to participate in 2016 Olympic Games, an instant rivalry match was created.
The newspaper was actually on our front stoop instead of in the bushes.
This has been my first lazy weekend in a long time, so I've just enjoyed sitting around doing whatever I want.
I slept late on Sunday morning.
I was really productive at the gym yesterday.  I felt great being able to reach new limits!
I just had a delicious breakfast.  It was so good.  
I cleaned the bathtub and the toilet. It feels good to have a clean bathroom. 
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to cook a nice meal for people to enjoy.
I got of work on time and got to take a nap when I got home. 
I realized there was a book sale going on in my apartment complex.
My husband presented me a ring.  I am so surprised and loved it. 
I celebrated my cat's birthday. 
I ate a piece of cake.
I discussed the movie with my kids.
I got an email including my new hire paperwork for a job I just accepted.
Last night we decided to eat dinner outside as a family. It was a nice night, stress free, and everyone was in a good mood. It was a leisurely dinner and I was a content kind of happy.
The weather is cooler than before.
My daughter and I made playdough food.
It made me happy that the TV show, Sunday Morning, did an expose on Willie Nelson who is a favorite singer of mine.
To watch a wonderful tennis game between Konta and Caroline Wosniaky for the finals in the Miami Open
I cleaned my car and now when I drive around in a clean car I am happy. 
I mopped the kitchen.
I listened to my favorite opera singer on youtube.
I gave newly planted but wilted flowers extra water last night, and this morning they have revived!
I felt happy yesterday when I spent an hour on the phone talking to my boyfriend and our plans for getting together tonight.
I watched a funny parody show on youtube that made me laugh quite hard.
ENJOYED MY FAVORITE DESSERT MADE BY MY MOM AFTER A LONG TIME. 
My cat fell asleep on my lap.
Having a beer after work.
My student loan payments didn't bounce and my bank account isn't negative.
While driving I spotted a dog trying to cross the road, I thought for sure that the dog would die before he could make it to the other side, however when I looked through my rear view mirror I spotted the dog on the other side of the road. 
I played my Nintendo wii and upped my overall score.
I finished a very interesting science book
I ate a bunch of donuts.
Going for a run
My dad brought Peruvian chicken takeout home and it was good.
I got my new TV delivered.
I accomplished a really big goal that I have had trouble concentrating on long enough to see the results I wanted to see.
I got paid from my full time job and my fun part time job.
Yesterday, we were running late for the circus, but the subway cooperated with us, and we got there just in time.
I took a walk outside to visit the new brewery that opened in my neighborhood. 
My tooth finally stopped hurting this morning. 
I went for a long walk and the weather was gorgeous.
The kitties came out of their cage and snuggled with me for a bit last night.
I was able to broadcast a baseball game for the student radio station, which is something I enjoy doing a lot.
I helped out a homeless person get some food for the week.  It was a great feeling to help out the less fortunate.
I played board games with some friends.
I woke up this morning and the weather was beautiful after two days of rain.
I spoke with my mother on the phone. 
My friend and I were able to pass a difficult level on a video game we were unable to complete for a long time.
Reading 30 minutes on my Kindle paperwhite book reader is always an enjoyment where most of the stuff that I read is non fiction. I feel that I learn so much from tidbits of information that is held within these books that I have made this a daily habit of mine.
Sleeping in with my pets.
I spoke to my brother and my niece on the phone yesterday- he moved out of state a few years ago and we only see each other a few times a year. 
I was happy to speak to a man who I dated in the past, who I had not heard from for weeks.
My dad, sister, and brother-in-law surprised me by coming to my house. We recently moved and the house is farther away, but they showed up and called me at the gate to see me and my daughters.
I made pizza with my wife and it was a delicious dinner.
Dinner last night. My wife made a great dinner last night!
I reached a goal. 
I got a call for a job interview. Knowing that there's a possibility that I could work a regular job again gives me a lot of hope.
I had a really nice conversation with a stranger.
I played video games with my brother who lives very far from me.
Spending the day at six flags with my husband and kids .
I organized my vocabulary notebook, which has been in disarray for months.
working on house projects in the kitchen with my boyfriend 
I watched our horses enjoying the spring weather today for the first time this week since it's been too cold and rainy for them to leave the barn the past few days.
I was happy listening to songs from Iron Maiden
I took a long nap in the afternoon because I felt really tired.
I made plans to go to Philadelphia tomorrow and I cant wait!
I buy a new bluetooth headphones that have great and quality sound.
I played a difficult song on the guitar successfully.
I got a bonus at the casino.
I received a phone call yesterday to inform me that I had passed the first round of interviews for this position I really want.
I learned about a bear rescue & rehab program in our region, contacted them and learned that they could really use some things I had to donate to them; I've been putting together a care package for them.
I got some work done on a friends riding mower. 
Finding out that after I was called into work, that there was MANY people closing the store (15 when there is usually 3) on a Saturday night.
My husband took both of the kids out to run errands, so I could have the house to myself for a few hours.
I watched an April Fools video that was very funny.
I ate some very delicious spaghetti home made by my mother.
My family and I sat down and watched one of our favorite movies together. We laughed as we watched and talked about parts of the movie. It was a really fun time. 
One of my small "stress relief" 3d projects (small 3d scenes I make to stave off anxiety and stress) got a bunch of likes on instagram.
Was able to pay all my bills and have $20.00 left over. 
I got a bonus on a HIT that I submitted yesterday. 
I made pizza for the family from scratch and everyone loved it. 
Got an item in an online game I wanted.
I spent the entire day with my new grandchild.
The weather is finally nice here after being cold any snowy the last few weeks. 
I got a really good night's sleep.
I was happy to go eat out so I did not need to cook.
I got to go into work late.
When I woke up from my sleep I felt rested.
I enjoyed a cappuccino at my favorite coffee shop.
Watched TV in bed with my wife
Realizing I can listen to Pandora uninterrupted (without commercials) because of adblock software. 
I felt a feeling of cautious optimism about the roleplaying group from Saturday.  
I went out to dinner with my family last night at my favorite restaurant. The food was really good and the service was top-notch. I had a great time with my family and it was a nice ending to a wonderful day.
I played Smash Bros. Melee (Video Game) with my friends and beat them repeatedly.
The season premiere of Rick and Morty was amazing, and I had waited so long for it!
I got to see family I do not see often.
I got approved for a credit card even though my credit is not so good. It helped me replace part of my car engine.
My daughter came with me to do yard work. We pulled weeds together, she was very eager to help and we just had a nice quiet time outdoors.
I woke up to coffee already brewed. 
Watching comedy videos on YouTube with my father - we watched a long Stewart Lee routine, and I was in tears of laughter by the end of it.
I was treated well at the shop I work at by a customer that I remembered the name of.
I carved some time out yesterday to read part of a book in quiet. 
I got to have pizza for dinner. 
I finally got around to doing some much needed pampering of myself.
My wife made me the best breakfast today which was gluten free pancakes.
Yesterday we had good dinner and enjoyed nice family time.
Brought new dresses.
My car had been making a funny noise and I was worried about a big repair bill but I found an honest mechanic who found only a minor problem that was easy and cheap to fix.
Taking a walk on the beach.
A new season of a show I like started airing.
When I took a morning shower to feel fresh.
I had a pizza for lunch and I love pizza
i go to shopping  at the time i say blind person and i helped the cross the road.
I got a notification that I have been accepted into the honors program at the college I attend.
folding laundry
I was happy after my husband and I had sex.
My cat cuddled up on the couch with me.
Yesterday, I was able to enjoy sitting in my son's new screened porch.
year end sale form  e commerce site, one of the top end smart mobile received with best discount of 30% and this is one of the best deal recent years. this is one of happiest movement and waiting for deliver the mobile now.
My normal coffee routine in the morning makes me happy.
It was exciting to hear our son maybe say his first word yesterday in the car. It sure seems like he is trying to say the word "Truck". He loves 18-wheelers, Fed-Ex trucks, UPS, etc. 
i eat my favorite meal a sancocho
I heard one of my favorite sports players (Oliver Bjorkstrand for the Columbus Blue Jackets) is skating after a brutal injury. The injury really upset me, and to hear he is back on the ice is great news.
My boss brought in bagels this morning for the team.
I had a refreshing soothing shower after the gym.
Getting invited to a wedding
I made some delicious home made popcorn.
I brushed my dog who has long hair.
Waking up on a Sunday.
The sun finally came out.
I watched my favourite hockey team win their game on television.
I discovered an energy drink in the fridge when I thought they were all gone; I am addicted to energy drinks and would drink them every day if I could.
It was very sunny when I got up this morning.
I ate my favorite meal for dinner.
When my grandmother called me.
I found a TV show that I like on Amazon Prime Video.
I took a long walk through the park which energized me and cleared my mind.
I slept in late this morning, and then ate donuts.
My parents wrote me a check yesterday to cover the tuition for one of my Masters degree classes
My breakfast this morning.
 The final four was on t.v.
I was able to get a lot of important work done in my personal projects, particularly in extensive world building across almost all of the projects I'm working on! I feel a huge sense of accomplishment because of that.
Having sex with my wife. 
I was was served breakfast in bed today.
Waking up this morning to our new kitten snuggled under the blankets with me!
This morning someone bought my first item on ebay.
My in-laws brought their cute dog with them when they visited last night, and he greeted me in my living room.
I had an amazingly pleasant dream.
I took my kids to a free event in town. They had huge smiles on their face while they participated in the activities. They had a lot of fun.
Taking my daughter out to lunch.
I watched a touching movie in theater.
I went to the movies with a friend. 
I ate a big bowl of ice cream that tasted very good.
I get a child free night tonight at a dinner party. 
I decided to start going back to the gym to lose weight.
Today I made my favorite food 
My wife and I went to our favorite restaurant for dinner and had a wonderful meal.
My football team still leading at peak. I 

had a nice and revitalizing workout
Me thinking about my future and my past. What things made me happy and what things might happen in the future. Jobs, maybe starting my own business and me handling a few other things. 
There's something different about my coffee that tastes great.
Noticing Girl Scouts selling cookies on my way home and buying some. 
i had given some amount of money to the charity.
I seen a brand new comedy stand up.
Gonzaga won its Final Four basketball game.
I had a successful purchase today, and I still received an additional discount. I'm very happy, because I bought a thing that I had long wanted. And it's still very cheap and with a discount. It's cool.
I went for a walk at dawn and saw a frog.
I got a text from a girl I like.
Received a phone-call from a friend that I haven't heard from in quite awhile.
I had a reservation for a compact rental car and when I was ready to pick up the car the car rental company upgraded me to a luxury car.
I got the news that a project I have been working on is moving forward to the next stage.
Spending the day with my sweetheart yesterday made my entire weekend better!
I thought it was going to be really cloudy and rainy today but I woke up and looked outside and was surprised to see that it's sunny.
I'm listening to a Bob Marley record on vinyl right no and it sounds great. 
I got home and slept like a baby after being very tired
I love watch movies with my wife in my bedroom
I'm catching up on my show and really enjoying the story. I'm intrigued and glued to my screen. 
I went out with my friends to the bars and got to talk to some people i havent seen an a while.  
Getting a good night's rest, so I can a nice day spent inside with my family during the rainy weather.
I was playing a game(Gnomoria) earlier today and was happy that my alpacas had their first baby.
I had a chance to take a real nice nap in the afternoon, everybody went somewhere else but I stayed home.
I watched Greg Gutfeld's opening monologue and laughed my ass off - it was one of his best.
I got a text some someone saying they had been thinking about me and hoped I was doing well.
I was able to pay all of my bills this month.
My wife brought me a glass of orange juice that I had not asked for.
In the past 24 hours I spent some time playing a video game that I really like playing and it was nice to get a break and relax and play the game.
My potatoes came out well.
I got to see my friends that I haven't seen in a while today.
I was able to pay all of our bills online and easily. 
I finally got an item I'd been wanting in a video game I play after trying for three days.
My adorable dog Callie cuddling up to me during the same previously mentioned Game of Thrones episode, on my other side.
I took a nap with a blanket and my cat.
My sister said the new haircut fits me well.
Lastly, When I baked a dessert and it came out correctly. The knowledge that my wife was going to be able to enjoy the cake made me very happy.
I watched a movie on Netflix that was funny and make me laugh and smile. 
Having happy hour drinks with my aunts and mom in the sunshine.
I found a pair of shoes I needed for cheaper than I expected.
Getting my Starbucks Iced Caramel Macchiato really made me happy today!  I feel like my day begins after I take the first sip.
My parents coming over to see me, and stay the day.
My father started moving his fingers.
I beat my last personal record for a bicycle climb near my house.
I was able to write birthday cards for my friends. I care a lot about my friends. 
I felt happy when I spent time with my cat.
Another happy moment was waking up to the happy sounds of my baby.  The smile of a child sure makes me happy! 
I opened the door to check what the temperature felt like and felt the warm weather which felt very nice.
I was happy last night after your sister sent me nudes.
I remembered to pay my bills that were about to be due.
my old love called me today , saying she missed me for no reason , even though she is married now but she love me as same.
Make family travel plans for the long vacation of the next week
My daughter couldn't stop giggling in the bath after she discovered she could submerge a ball in it and it would shoot up out of the water. 
When my parents visited me and took me out to lunch, i was very happy. We ate lunch, talked for a few hours, then parted ways.
I received a free copy of a video game which made me happy.
When I got to work I was informed most of what I needed to do was done giving me more free time for the day.
I got blizzards with my friends and we all just enjoyed each other's company for a few hours.
I got a hit a few minutes after logging on to Mturk. 
My husband went out and got my son from work so that I could stay home out of the rain.
I got a lot of good hits yesterday!
I was able to meet my goal financially.
I bought a brand new TV.
I finished studying 2 chapter for my upcoming test in June.
I was happy this morning when I drove to the grocery store, the weather and scenery were beautiful and a good song played. 
I spoke with my brother this morning; he had a baby last week, and everyone is doing very well
I ate my favorite breakfast. 
Help my mum do the house chores which made me happy.
I had a coupon for a free item that had an expiration date of the 1st and I forgot about it until 11:55pm on the 1st. I drove to a store that was open to try to use it, but the register rejected it as expired as it was already a little past midnight. I tried a different store and  was able to use it without issue.
I played Dota and snooker games online for few hours. Enjoyed it.
I saw pictures & videos of my 2 year old niece in Hawaii. She is so cute, playful & beautiful. I haven't met her yet, but it put a smile on my face knowing that I'll be vacationing in Hawaii within the next couple months & seeing those laughs & smiles in person. 
My husband finally did something on the "honey-do" list that I've been asking him to do for two weeks.
I finished up the weeks laundry!
Planting vegetable and flower seeds in their little pots.
My husband and I went out for coffee and pastries at a cute little coffee shop.
Going shopping and browsing deals made me happy.
My 8 month old daughter did not cry when I brought her over to my parents and she got along pretty well.
Hanging out with my girlfriend and watching a movie.
toady had dinner with my parents
Placing an order for an item I really need.
Last night I cuddled up in bed with a good book and my cat while it was gently raining outside.
I finished my assigned homework from last week
I got Arby's for the first time in half a year and it was tasty. 
I walked my dog in my neighborhood.
TODAY WE ARE GOING TO PARK. MY SON PLAYING WITH ME. I FEEL VERY HAPPY. BECAUSE HE WAS PLAYING. HE WAS 11MONTHS BABY.
Making a delicious dinner that I also had leftovers for brunch this morning. 
I stopped for a stranger at the mall parking lot to let them cross. In return, they let me have their parking space, which happened to be just a few steps from the mall entrance.
I went on a bike ride to a big park that I don't get to go to often.
I found out my good friend won a little money at a casino.
We gave my cat a bath and, despite him hating it, it was hilarious and the humor made me very happy.
I had an easy day at work.
My new coworkers like working with me. 
Last night I had dinner with 10 of my friends and we all had fun drinking and talking.
We had friends over when UNC won an exciting final 4 game to make into the NCAA finals; it was a joyous occasion.
I had a wonderful Italian dinner with my family last night. 
My brother saw that my yard needed to be mowed, and he came and mowed it all without me asking.
It is sunny unlike all of the rain we have had lately.
I finished up some yard work that I had been working on for the last few weeks. 
I found a shirt at the store that is really pretty and purchased it.
Went to the cinema to watch Logan, it's really a great movie, I loved it.
My best friend is coming into town this week and confirmed her plans with me yesterday, I am so excited to see her, it has almost been a year!
I read the bible starting from the book of job and finished the entire book yesterday last night.
I was happy to wake up and see my sweet poodle's nose beside my bed. She wanted to go outside.  She's very sweet, and comical, so she made me laugh. It was a great way to start the morning.
I checked out my hybrid.io balance (a site that I make money on) and saw that I have about $8 coming in shortly.
We just booked the 17th cabin on our upcoming group cruise.
I started my wedding planning!
I found an obscure book I've been trying to track down.
Went to the bar and got drunk with friends, to celebrate friend's birthday.
I was feeling down on myself and my coworker said a lot of nice things to me to make me feel better.
I met up with a good friend 
I decided to get some sugar free coconut ice cream and drizzle dark chocolate on it.
I managed to clean out my closet and make space for new things.
During lunch, we discussed the pros and cons of having a prehensile tail, like a spider monkey. Our friend Chris said that it would be uncomfortable for him, because he would have to sit on it. My argument was that it would be useful and eventually you would adapt to sitting on/tucking in/curling up your new tail. It was a really amusing conversation. 
to day i am helped to poor peoples .that is happy movement in my life.
I slept for 7 hours and was well-rested.
My boyfriend got off early from work after I thought he would be there overnight.
I received a very special gift from my inlaws to celebrate 10 years of marriage that we celebrated this month. 
My daughter make me happy for doing my work she help me in my house hold work. I was relaxing some ime she help me a lot. it make me very happy 
I have finally made my mind up to cut down on drinking. Wanting to do something and doing it are two different things.
I made a healthy breakfast
Today, I got to hang out with my best friend and play video games together.
I ate a delicious microwaved apple treat.
I watched the television show Legion with my friend.
I got to babysit for my 2 year old granddaughter yesterday.
I went to my best friend's birthday party. We all had a great time and it was very fun.
Last night I was playing soft-tip darts and I achieved new personal bests in the game of 701 split-bull, 701 single bull, and high score.  I was hitting the bullseye almost as well as the soft-tip pros.
I got to sleep in a little longer this morning when a meeting was cancelled. It was also raining and I love falling back asleep to the sound of rain. 
Making concrete travel plans to Thailand with my best friend.
Talking with my sister yesterday about an upcoming wedding we are going to be attending that is in another country.
MY SON BROUGHT HOME MY FAVORITE SUB FOR DINNER SO I DID NOT HAVE TO COOK!
I felt the sunshine on my shoulders.
I got a good deal on some items at the grocery store when I went shopping.
I made it through the morning without experiencing any morning sickness due to my pregnancy.
I went to Mass at my favorite local church.
I spent time with my little brother playing various games and pretend scenarios.
I was able to afford a 4 pack of Blue Moon to watch with some cheesy Lifetime movies.
Going to a memorial service. Hearing all the great things about my husband aunt was the greatest thing.
My two teams won their basketball games last night.
I played peek a boo with my baby niece.
After lunch today, my sister that lives in another state called me. I had not talked to her in about a month. We talked for about an hour. I was very happy to hear from her.
I bought some nice clothes for myself
I ate a very good dinner with my family
In the past 24 hours, I went on a small roadtrip to visit a friend that I hadn't seen in a while and that made me really happy because I was really close to this friend back when we were in college and now that we went our separate ways I haven't seen him in a few years so I was really happy that I had the chance to see him again. 
My son was very interested in the rainstorm and cloudy sky outside during lunch and it was fun talking to him about the clouds and rain.
I was at casino with my wife, and had a very good evening there
A third event that made me happy was getting my new glasses.
I was happy when our magnolia tree blossomed.  
I got a call asking me to come in for an interview, so I have a really good chance of getting a new job in the very near future. This made my day.
It made me happy when I received a text from my sister.
I ate a Whopper with extra pickles.
I passed my math test which was the deciding factor if I passed the class or not.
sat an ate lunch with my family after church it was good,as alway we ate churches chicken and evey one had a small on there face.
Getting to see family I haven't seen in a while.  
I got a new game on my phone and really enjoy it
watching ncis.
Noah Robbins had a huge amount of hits for .30 cents a piece and I was one of the first people to do it. I made over 50 bucks this morning or more than half of my weekly income.
I was called to sign a lucrative business deal.
I strongly believe that yesterday ordinary event make me so happiest person in the world, This event I really like, important people like friends who will always be there for no matter what and job satisfaction can definitely lead to happiness.
I enjoyed a video online.
I made a great breakfast for me and my girlfriend.
Watching my favorite anime shows
I found delicious muffins on sale the the grocery store.
The weather was beautiful today!
I saw a few very attractive ladies in the bar during the basketball game. 
My husband drove to the store to buy the ingredients especially for making me the pigs in a blanket meal. He didn't even want to eat it, but because I did, he drove to the store to buy the necessary items. He loves me. 
Another thing that made me happy is eating spaghetti and then having some chocolate chip cookies.
I watched Family Guy while high. 
My daughter gave me a hug.
Watched a movie that I have been wanting to watch.  
I got to sleep in past seven o'clock for the first time in about a week and it made me really happy. 
Playing an online game and having a good time. It's something I always turn to for some distraction and entertainment.
I was able to clean the entire basement of my home.
My brother came out to the kitchen for coffee and wished me a great day.
I went to church with my kid today and got to watch her light the candles.  Then it was communion day and I watched as she went up for that as well.  I get very tickled watching her do these things on her own.  She's getting so big and some mature.  Watching her do this stuff makes me happy.
My rent is paid even though it is expensive. 
Took a warm bath after I woke up, IT WAS very relaxing.
My boyfriend came home after a long day at work and said that he was happy to see me. He also said he was hoping that I would be home when he got here. 
When I watched more Big Bang Theory. 
I rode my bike n the new trail the city just finished right before winter.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was watching youtube videos of dogs.
I completed all my daily to-dos in my bullet journal and it made me happy to feel so productive.
I found out that a friend of mine is pregnant and expecting to give birth to a girl in July.
Watching a gay pride parade
I found a supplement that gave me the perfect balance of electrolytes, which was a huge help to my overall diet!
I found a lost piece of jewlery.
I got a good deal on asparagus at the store.
I got a huge bonus from one of the tasks I was working on on mturk, numbering on 100 dollars!
Gonzaga defeated South Carolina in their Final Four basketball game.
I received the replacement cord for my headphones that I've been waiting three weeks for.
I played a game for about half an hour.
I mowed my lawn it and it looked great.
I watched my son attend a birthday party at a gymnastics studio and he was having so much fun running around and jumping.
I ate dinner with my friends. We went to a very nice restaurant that had a piano player. 
My parents drove over to my area to have lunch with me, we went to a really good restaurant that we hadn't been to in 10 years together.
Wrestlemania is on!  The most wonderful time of the year for wrestling fans.
I went and saw the movie Beauty and the Beast with my wife
My close relative diagnosed having no cancer from the medical tests conducted 
I had a great breakfast with my cousin and it was very tasty.
Eating a delicious dessert last night made me happy because it stimulated my senses in a positive way.
I went to visit my mother, and she was doing spring cleaning when I arrived. She had her front door open and her bulldog came running full speed and pounced on me and started licking me all over! It was so cute!
Going to the movies with my dad.
This morning when I woke up I weighed myself and I'm down another 3 pounds which is very exciting. I've been following a strict exercise and diet routine since January and it's super pleasing to see my hard work paying off. 
My favorite tv show came back after three weeks of being off air and I totally forgot about it 
I cleaned out my fridge of several super gross containers and it made me so relieved to have it over with!  
I finished a project at work.
My dog's vet said she no longer need meds
I found out my girlfriend got the job she interview for. 
I found a bunch of my favorite protein bars on clearance at the grocery store and loaded up with several boxes worth for far less than I would have normally paid.
I went out for coffee on my day off in order to relax.
My daughter looking and me and smiling left me happy.
My kids hugging me and giving me kisses, telling me they love me.
In the past 24 hours, something that made me happy was that my husband surprised me by making chow mein for dinner with spaghetti squash and it was very good and surprising because I can't eat pasta and I was really missing chow mein so it was really sweet of him to try to recreate it for me using spaghetti squash. 
Something that made me happy was having a nice family dinner with my parents and brother.
My Wedding anniversary 
I got to play about 3 hours of Zelda the breath of the wild on my Switch while the kids were asleep.
This afternoon I checked my portfolio and found out than an investment I own went up in value by over 10%!
I had a smoothie that was really good.
today complete my long time project in office. so our team was very happy share wishes to all our team members.
my son is almost sleep so I can have some peace
I took a walk and looked at the sky.
I heard back from a girl I have been trying to go out on a date with.
Something that made me happy in the past 24 hours was that my husband won a 50/50 raffle and won $545.  
Hanging out with my girlfriend and watching a movie with her.
We moved the fifth wheel camper to a family camping spot!   Considering how long the camper sat in it's previous spot, and that we had an hour and a half trip, and made it with no problems, made me very happy!
I picked up a new delicious flavor of ice cream at the store.
I ate my favorite dinner, spaghetti 
I made gumbo from scratch today. It took hours and was delicious.
I just got the news my mother in-law is coming to stay over for a few days this week.
Last night I had a long talk with a colleague I have known for nearly 30 years, yet we came to know entirely new facets of one another.
I bought some new running shoes that are comfortable 
I ate a delicious breakfast with my girlfriend that included fruit, hash browns, and an omelette. 
Finding "yum yum" sauce for my pork fried rice at the grocery store.
The train conductor gave my family and I a discount on our travel pass for the day.
I got to spend the day with my girlfriend and it was wonderful.
Playing Nintendo with my daughter and wife.
I had knee surgery just over 2 months ago and I was able to ride my bicycle for over 25 miles yesterday.
I made a stirfry and it was good.
I had a great workout yesterday that lasted a little over two hours, leaving me feeling awesome.
I was left alone in the house for a few hours, everybody else went off to see family, im alone with my TV.
This afternoon for lunch my husband and I decided to plan our anniversary getaway for next week. We will be married 4 years.
I had very easy day at work when i thought it was going to be a more difficult one.
I started to work out again and the pump from working out felt amazing
I went to a local park with my boyfriend and we walked all around it, looking at people, the blooming azalea shrubs and tulips.
I woke up to discover that my daughter prepared breakfast for us, which we ate outside on our deck.
The first day of baseball was today and that made me very happy.
I received a text message from an old friend this morning that made me happy.
I got to do a hit that pays ten dollars and I need that money really badly.
My sister took me out to lunch at my favorite Mexican restaurant for my birthday.
I have been sick and today was the first day I could work out again after two weeks
I kissed my boyfriend
I kissed my girlfriend
Watching the Comedy Central seasons of "Futurama."
I surpassed my mturk weekly goal by double.
Watching a couple new movies that I had been wanting to see.
I made some good coffee this morning
A happy small event in my life was learning how to design simple for myself that I can be able to advertise products and services on.
And generate some income from to help my household more with finances.
i got in to work and saw that i was on the truck, it's the much slower unit.
Yesterday i attended the dog training program and now i am very happy and i know how to train my puppy in a simple process.
Last night, I drank myself tipsy, first time in a long time.
Today I saw my niece and her small baby. I am very glad to have family around this is the best.
I went for an incredible early morning walk and was in awe at all the beautiful dogwoods in bloom and all the other trees and flowers blooming in all their Spring glory!
I completed another few hours of volunteer work and there was a large breakfast spread.
I received a discount on a bacon, egg and cheese bagel for breakfast.
The song is a mid-tempo pop ballad about a love lost to distance or, as fans have speculated, death. Instrumentation includes a lightly strummed guitar and intermediate piano lines. The ballad received generally positive reviews from music critics, who noted the song's memorability and complimented its composition. Upon the release of Up All Night, "Moments" charted in lower regions on the singles charts of Australia, Canada, and the United Kingdom due to strong digital download sales. One Direction performed the song on all three of their major concert tours: Up All Night Tour (2011a12), Take Me Home Tour (2013) and Where We Are Tour (2014).
I played Star Wars battlefront with my brother. We both like Star Wars and video games so a Star Wars video game is something we both enjoy.
I thought my sister some website design tricks, and she was happy. So, I was happy too.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
It made me happy today while I was at a birthday party for my cousin's little girl. 
I texted with a friend that I had not heard from in months. She just contacted me out of the blue and we caught up!
Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
Yesterday afternoon, we attended my husband's cousin's wedding.  She is 39 years old and finally found and married the love of her life, who is also 39 and has never been married.  The wedding was absolutely beautiful.  We had so much fun!  The food was great, and we celebrated with friends and family, dancing the night away!
I went to the gym after a couple weeks of not going.
I made a nice meal for my church family
I finally got my first equity-stake in a private company's revenue that I had invested in today.
I did an Easter egg hunt with my kids and friends
I went out to a restaurant with friends.
My cat, who is sick and not eating much, ate a small dish of pumpkin.
I got to see the entire last season of soa
My husband and I went out to a nice dinner.
Watching the March Madness semi-finals on Saturday made me happy.
My mother, who is normally stingy with compliments, said that she liked the way I styled my home.
Eating some really good tacos
I was able to finish my online test and I ended up getting a 96% on it!
I helped a buddy fix a long time problem with their car. 
I made a new friend at service.
My dad surprised me, bringing me over some empanadas from my favorite place in town.
My wife congratulated me on not gambling for a full week, an achievement that is actually quite good for me.
I got a good deal on three twelve pack of sodas. 
I discovered another album I hadn't heard by a band I recently got into.
My best friend texted me after not talking for a while.
My husband cleaned the house while I was at a birthday party.
While we were at that restaurant, we were given a free order of calamari. Our waitress accidentally put too many orders in, so she gave it to us for free. It saved us 12 dollars.
My parents insisted on cleaning my living room windows for me, something I have been avoiding for a long time.
Sent my girlfriend's family pizza and her kids called me on Skype to say thanks and show off the pie.
found out my son got a 1340 on his SAT which he took this year as a HS sophomore 
My 2 children  started part time work along with the study
I watched North Carolina hang on and win their final four game.
Helping a family member with a task I found fairly tedious today made me happy because it improved my relationship with the person and didn't cost me much of an opportunity cost.
I was playing with five online friends on an online video game. We spent maybe four hours yesterday and two hours today and we were still unable to do the missions.
A video game I was looking forward to coming out.
Another thing that made me happy today was I got a really, really good deal on a gaming PC. I stream games on twitch and I have a semi large fan base. I really needed a better PC to keel up with the technology that many games require. On eBay today I was able to snag one for $450 instead of the $1000+ I was planning on paying and now I can use the extra money for something else. 
I read a really good book. 
I managed to plan out a whole month's worth of meals and shopping and no longer have to hear "what's for dinner" and I am so freaking happy and relieved and calm about the week now.  
Called my dad to catch up.
My grandfather cam to visit and gave me a bottle of Seagrams
I got paid for something unexpected. 
The steakhouse I went to for lunch was so crowded they offered me a free appetizer for having to wait for a table. 
I was helping my father clean his store and he gave me $5 as thanks.
My wife "surprise hugging" me made me happy.
My husband coming home from work and greeting me with a big hug.
One event that made me happy in the past 24 hours is that I found out that my mom is heading back to Prague in July and that makes me happy because my mom is from there but she is actually going blind so I'm happy that she'll get to go there and see it one last time. 
An event that made me happy was the start of the 2017 MLB season.
My Brother became a father
I got a massage from my spouse when my head hurt really bad, because I had a tooth pulled.
Yesterday evening I received a cell phone holder I had wanted for weeks as a gift from a friend.
I watched and enjoyed some videos online.
I need to do some work and I will be able to now
I enjoyed a sandwich.
I found a discount coupon for my oil change. 
Something that made me happy was that I went up in weights for back squats today.  
Doing yoga in the morning.
I got to put off a work project until tomorrow.
I flew in a helicopter 
I broke a 10k paycheck from my second job finally.
My mom called and said she was buying my sons birthday cake for him this week.
I am a pastor and love to laugh at my own mistakes, so somehow this morning when I said "King Germs" instead of "King James" it made me laugh out loud -- along with the whole congregation.
Friends a few friends came over to watch wrestlemania with me
I completed a home landscaping project that I have been working on.
Watching the first season of Daredevil on Netflix.
A random cat was in our apartment hallway and he was super friendly and affectionate and wanted all the hugs. We found his owner.
Eating my wife's meatloaf and mashed potatoes that she made for our dinner.
I made a very late breakfast for my teenage daughter as she woke up at the crack of  noon and we sat at the table talking for almost an hour. 
My roommate got home from their trip.
I had a real fun night out last night with great friends.
My daughter cuddled with me in the morning and stayed talking to me.
My dad called me to tell me that he bought plane tickets to surprise the children for thei birthday this month.
I had enough time today to take my dog to the park long enough for her to get really tired by the time we were heading back home.
I found my cellphone that I lost over a week ago outside and it still worked.
We cooked supper at home together and got creative making cheese toast with mushrooms.
I went fly fishing for my first time and caught a 10" rainbow trout.
I spent several hours playing with my children outdoors today and it was highly enjoyable.  
I went for a walk tonight because the weather was so nice and warm out.
I cuddled with my dog on the couch and we played fetch.
My dad called me and sang me "Happy Birthday" over the phone this morning. 
I had my truck fixed it has been giving me trouble and I found out that it wasn't anything major.
I had sex
I made love to my partner
Got to eat some Brightside Skittles.
My hockey team won its game
Surfing the Internet, chatting on IM, reading and posting on Facebook, doing some Mturk HITS.
I took a very big dump that was very relaxing
A big happy event was was being invited to visit one of my aunts staying in London, England before she move back to US. It was an interesting
experience for me and to see another culture overseas; what they eat, drive, wear and what places the british enjoy going to.
To sightsee their castles and their museums which was nice to see.
i got in a really good leg workout, and realized that i can still jump pretty well.
Yesterday i went to agriculture conferences events meetings and i was very happy to see all farmers use to share information with one another.
Getting all of the laundry done.  We were sick for two weeks and it piled up.
I had a really good surprise yesterday and so I felt good and woke up hopeful about the future.
I got to spend some easy, laid-back time reading a good book while enjoying the sun sitting on my porch (the added smell of someone burning leaves... love that smell... just made it better.)
My cat continued to use the litter box so I knew her medication was working.
My brother visited me in the afternoon and we talked for a bit.
The original members of the Moments were Mark Greene, Eric Olfus Sr., Richard Gross (often incorrectly listed as "Richard Horsley") and John Morgan. The Moments formed in Washington, D.C. during the mid-1960s. In 1965, at Washington D.C.'s Howard University, the Mizell Brothers and Freddie Perren (along with schoolmate Toby Jackson) founded Hog Records and signed the harmony group as the Moments. The Moments recorded "Baby I Want You" and "Pray For Me" for Hog.[1] The lineup consisted of Olfus, Gross and Morgan.
I went to the park with my brother and we walked my grandpas dog. It was one of the most sunny days of the year so far today.
I ran into an old coworker at the grocery store.
Sang-woo, the leader of college rock band Active Volcano, dies and sets up a reunion for Gi-yeong and the other members of the group. Former bass player Seong-wook lives a hand-to-mouth existence working two jobs. Drummer Hyeok-su is a single father struggling to make a living as a car salesman. 
My little boy went number two on the potty without fail.
I ordered some plants for a new aquarium that I'm putting together. It is going to be so great.
. Former bass player Seong-wook lives a hand-to-mouth existence working two jobs. Drummer Hyeok-su is a single father struggling to make a living as a car salesman. The jobless lead guitarist Gi-yeong dreams of taking over Volcano as the new frontman. When he suggests they reform the band while the old friends reminisce at the funeral, they all spurn the idea. But Gi-yeong persists and gets each to relent, setting the stage for a rock and roll reunion
After this big wedding, my children slept until 8:45 AM, which in turn assisted me in sleeping late!  Making me a happy woman!
I made some delicious potato curry. 
I kissed the man that I love with all of my heart
I had an insightful, thoughtful discussion about possible future goals for myself and others.
I went to church.
I attended my church.
I met a man today who has a similar background to mine, and we had a nice chat.
I looked at soa and i enjoyed it
I made a new recipe at dinner tonight and it turned out great.
I read a quote from one of my favorite musicians that me laugh and made me happy.
My husband told me we can take a trip to Europe in September.
Sleeping and feeling really rested
I was able to relax pretty much all day today, with only a little school work to do!
My grandfather bought me a gift card to a store I frequent.
I got to see my new puppy.
My cousin got a promotion at his job, finally getting recognized.
My sister sent me a video of my 2-year-old nephew telling me all the new words he learned.
Got a large bonus from a trivia survey.
I talked to the girl I'm dating about some interesting topics.
I went to a tasty restaurant.
My son and I picked up sticks in the backyard together.
Since we had so much calamari, my friends and I split it to take home. It reheated perfectly and I ate it for breakfast. It was so good.
I found out that my husband got 9th place in a Footgolf tournament that had very tough international competition.
I found out today I've lost 20 pounds since the New Year.
We bought a new kitchen table that we had been wanting 
I contributed an amount to a charity fund organized by our villagers 
I had fun playing with my nephews card games
Watching a show I liked last night made me happy because it was a nice opportunity to relax and take some time off work for me.
I made myself a huge breakfast even though I am home alone today. It was nice to treat myself.
Started working out again after a break due to injury.
A third event that made me happy today is I talked to an old friend that I recently reconnected with. I really missed her friendship and over the last few years wires got crossed with gossip so it was nice to have her back on my team and be able to chat with her again. 
 a check i needed came in. 
I managed to find a cardigan that matches one of my dresses that I have been unable to wear because it is still too cold, and I feel beautiful in my new sweater and dress and that makes me perform in life better.  
Got news about back pay at work.
I found out that my friend in Texas got a new job and is making great money now.
I was at home and cooked a great meal and it didnt burn. 
I won a Pokemon card tournament that I entered online and got some sweet prizes as a result.
My neighbor is on vacation and allowed me to park in his driveway instead of having to park on the street.
Rereading a book I had enjoyed in the past made me a bit happy for a few minutes.
I received a package in the mail that I have been waiting for awhile, I though it was lost in the mail.
One thing that made me happy in the past 24 hours is I had been watching the Star Wars extended edition blu ray for a while in my Amazon cart because it was 80 bucks and I didn't want to pay that much for it but when I went to look today, I saw that it was only 60 dollars and that's cheaper than I have ever seen it before and so I bought it and I'm really happy that I got such a good deal on it because some stores sell it for over a hundred.
I felt really happy when I was complimented on how good I looked when wearing contacts instead of glasses.
We are Purchased a New car
I watched the big bang theory last night as a marathon while my spouse slept on the couch. I got ''me time''.
My best friend accompanied me to a group workout session this morning and said I look much slimmer than I did the last time she saw me.
I listened to some music that was very nostalgic.
my quit and little daughter first speech is happen today, i m very happy at the moment
I can have some peace without my son bugging me
I watched a television episode.
It was bright and sunny on a run I did this morning.
Something that made me happy was I packed for the vacation to the Bahamas we're going on this week!
Meditating for 10 minutes.
I was drinking my morning coffee, looking out the window and watched a squirrel in the yard chase the cat up a tree.  
My husband cleaned the bathroom for me.
I drank the best coffee 
I found my wedding ring behind the bed.
I just got a nice $14 bonus for a delivery i did a few days ago on Postmates.
I had this weird burst of energy between other tasks really late last night and went out and shoveled the rest of the snow in my driveway.
I talked a friend on the phone for the first time in months 
I went for a pleasant walk in the sun with my girlfriend.
I found five dollars on the ground.
We ate together and all enjoyed our meals at a Philadelphia landmark.
Not having to do anything but relax and enjoy some time off.
Going to Costco and checking out all the new gadgets (and eating the free samples!) while my wife shopped.
I completed a work assignment today(yes I work Sundays) and I finished ahead of everyone else at work.
I was feeling sick and made some good soup that was good for coping with being sick.
After the workout today, I decided to weigh myself and happily saw that I was down another 3 lbs!
Yesterday I had a great dinner again, pizza with double cheese.
My husband told me that we are going on a date to a restaurant called mangos. I will be getting ready in a few hrs.
I had a well deserved adult beverage after a long hard week at work
I stopped talking to all the negative people in my life and deleted there phone numbers.
My boyfriend and I watched both NCAA basketball games without really caring which teams won, and talked about all sorts of stuff.
I was given 2 days off this week for completing a project, one which gathered the attention (and praise) by the folks who run my division.
I finished all my errands this weekend and it made me very happy.
I had a cup of coffee tonight with my favorite creamer while I watched TV. 
I completed an important project for work and it looks great!-I was so productive today. :)
My dog woke me up this morning by licking my nose. 
My wife surprised me with boiled crawfish today my favorite seafood first time this year.
I had some tacos
I ate chinese food
Finished doing a load of laundry on a lazy Sunday.
I saw a movie that I had been meaning to see for awhile but haven't had the time.
Watching Netflix, "parks and Rec" with my husband.
Having Subway for lunch.
I made some grilled chicken
we got a call today for a fire and it was someone smoking a pig.
Yesterday i went to my friends house warming ceremony and i was very happy to see all of my old friends and we shared our memories.
Watching our dogs chase rabbits in the back yard.
I got my new video game charger today I can play my Nintendo DSI now. 
I spent time with my dad for a time of smiles and laughs as we went out to eat in our usual weekend time (Sundays pretty much always) together to enjoy each others' fellowship and good food!
I talked to my mother on Skype and made her laugh.
I took my dog for a walk and she, as her goofy as always self,  got scared at a leaf that flew by her. 
Happier is a software company whose purpose to help its users be happier. It has been called "a social network dedicated to happy moments."[1] The company is founded on scientific research that shows focusing on the positive and sharing good things with people someone cares about makes the users happier, healthier, and more productive
I went to see The Boss Baby with my little brother, an animated comedy film. We both enjoyed it and had a fun time laughing through out the movie.
I found a change I made to a website I own was yielding positive results.
A widely discussed political value expressed in the United States Declaration of Independence of 1776, written by Thomas Jefferson, is the universal right to "the pursuit of happiness."[4] This seems to suggest a subjective interpretation but one that nonetheless goes beyond emotions alone.[citation needed] In fact, this discussion is often based on the naive assumption that the word happiness meant the same thing in 1776 as it does today. In fact, happiness meant "prosperity, thriving, wellbeing" in the 18th century.[5]

My husband cut the grass. 
I got a $10 bonus from a HIT that I did a few months ago. It was unexpected and really helped to fill in this slow day!
Happiness is not a simple goal, but is about making progress, when it's as elusive as ever. Being happy often means continually finding satisfaction, contentment, a feeling of joy, and a sense that your life is meaningful during all kinds of problems a that does not depend upon finding ease or comfort.[1] Nobody is jolly or elated all the time, but some individuals are definitely more fulfilled/fortunate than others
We had a nice rain shower today, and I worked in the garden.  Everything is growing great, which has made me so happy to its success thus far.
I waited for my favorite tv show to come on and it will be on soon!
I had cherry pie for dessert today
I helped fix a friend's car troubles, and felt very positive about the experience and learning I gained from it.
I talked to a relative.
I watched a movie with my kids.
I had free chips and guacamole from Chipotle.
I never knew how much I would love soa
My daughter helped with the laundry.
I've been watching the live feed of April the giraffe, who is supposed to give birth any day now; that made me happy.
I woke up next to a girl I'd wanted to date for quite some time. 
I got to go out to eat for dinner for my dad's birthday.
I am able to watch basketball today while relaxing, which is not something I am able to do during the week.
I had a nice pasta dinner at Olive Garden with my wife.
My dog learned how to sit.
That mine son was finally in a good mood after being in a funk for a couple of weeks.
It was a nice day today, so I went out for a walk to appreciate nature.
There was no line at Dairy Queen, I could get my ice cream without having to wait.
My daughter was able to scan her items at the store and pay for them herself.
I had a great phone call with my mom.
I went to the Chopsticks chinese buffet with my family and my childrens grandparents. I ate quite a lot of food. 
I got to spend time with my spouse away from tech and social media.
I was able to run 2 miles on my morning run without taking a break.
My niece brought my 3 year old great niece to a factory tour that I was working at. She is adorable. It made me happy for the rest of the tour, which was about 4 hours. I couldn't wait to show my husband the photos.
Cooking hamburgers and hot dogs on the grill for special people in my life.  
Today I had a moment when I found myself intensely focused on the fact that spring break starts tomorrow; I have been absolutely giddy all ever since.
I was at work and a coworker made me laugh
I had sex with my wife 
I went to lunch with my mom. 
The Expanse still hasn't stopped being awesome - binged another 3 episodes today, it's still great. 
I was able to listen to a missionary speak about her trip to Greece this past year.
I found a great deal on a sweater that i wanted and saved 60% on the purchase.
On my fun night out last night, one of the things we did was stop by Dave & Busters for a little bit of foods and games. 
Hanging out with close friends and relaxing.
My fiance texted me and asked if we wanted to go on a date night after he was off work.
I cleaned my dads house for him so it was nice and smelled good.
I went out to dinner with my grandparents.
The weather was warmer and sunny all day!
I was playing DnD with my friends.
I got partnered with twitch streaming so i can make money doing it.
I went to my cousins baby shower and it made me feel happy that i got to spend time with family.
I met my new neighbors this afternoon and found that they were very nice people.
I finally ordered a nintendo switch. 
I was happy when I got to work on my yard.
My son gave me a huge smile as he hid behind the dining room table's leg.
I watched a street performer doing tricks for around twenty minutes.
Earlier this morning, my daughter (who is 14 months old and not walking yet) took 2 steps before crumpling to the floor and breaking into her signature speedy crawl.
I watched a great movie today, it was worth remembering.
 
I went to the grocery store and a cute girl smiled at me.
I played and won a game of Dota.
I went to church and enjoyed good music and a great sermon this morning and it made me very happy.
I read a few chapters in Michael Ian Black's novel "Navel Gazing."
I starting playing a new video game.
I drank what turned out to be some of the most delicious coffee I've ever had.
I talked to my niece who I rarely get to see via facetime and had a funny chat with her.
I successfully installed a wifi light switch that will control my outdoor lights via a smartphone app.
I went for a hike with my wife and daughter in the woods and really enjoyed it.
Today my boyfriend and I finally decided to commit to adopting a dog.
Today was a nice warm day. I was able to hang out outside and enjoy the day. 
I finished house chores early.
Going to dinner with family & friends was fun
My younger granddaughter performed on stage: she sang and read a poem.
I went on a five-mile run on a sunny day (today). 
I got back on my road bike today for the first time in months. 
Seeing my friend being able to afford a shoe he's been working months to get.
I worked in place of a colleague so she could spend time with her daughter and son.
The wife and I took our 4 year old to Chili's for dinner.
My boyfriend sent me pictures of his cat.
Finding these hits has been a happy moment or two because I have a budget in mind the rest of the month and I feel glee getting closer to my goals with these hits!  
I had a nice conversation with my mom.
The Gonzaga Bulldogs beat South Carolina to make the NCAA mens national championship game.
i went in my buddies room and put a lot of stuff in his boot.
I got to try on the miracle collar on my horse and it fit.
I got my friend's cat a toy for her birthday and she loved it.
Cooking with my husband.
It made me happy when I found a free dresser on my street.
Watched the new season premier of Rick and Morty.
It made me happy to take my kids to the park and have them play on the slides. It was nice to see the happiness on their faces.
I went on a long hike in a beautiful area. 
I took a long walk in the woods.
Ordering pizza to eat after not having pizza in a while. 
Woke up and my wife made me coffee which was super nice of her!
I went for a hike in the woods by myself.
When I awoke my dog was in bed with me. 
I bought a new video game that I like and started playing it.
Finally saw Beauty and the Beast movie and it was great.
I went to church.
The Society was founded[3][4] in August 1998 in Irving, Texas, by Pamela Gail Johnson.[5] In December 1998, it gained international reception, when it challenged advice columnist Ann Landers for discouraging people from writing happy holiday newsletters enclosed with their holiday cards.[6][7][8] In a letter to Landers, Johnson demanded an apology ato the millions of people you made feel bad for wanting to share their happy news.a The Societyas campaign persuaded Landers to change her advice on holiday letters `` one of the rare occasions the columnist had a change of heart. Within the next few years the Society grew bigger being supported by thousands of fans from more than 34 countries
Roasting marshmallows over a fire pit while holding my wife's hand. 
Going online and seeing that I scored a 83 on my exam from Friday.  This exam I felt like I did not study enough.
meet my ex girlfriend at reunion high school
I was out shopping and an attractive young woman commented on my shirt.
I was happy to get an email that one of my classes tomorrow was cancelled.
I found something I was looking for at the hardware store for a good discount.
went to the park with my baby girl and she made a friend.  it was so sweet to see them play together on the playground
Marriage of my Dearest friend 
All the students in my class did really well on a test I graded!
My daughter finally ate her lunch after weeks of not eating well. 
Cooking pasta dinner at home.
Graduating from grad school
Lunch made me happy. I ate one my favorite foods: Trout with a homemade yogurt sauce.
Happier is a software company whose purpose to help its users be happier. It has been called "a social network dedicated to happy moments."[1] The company is founded on scientific research that shows focusing on the positive and sharing good things with people someone cares about makes the users happier, healthier, and more productive.[2]
My son is a college student who is presently the stage manager for the spring play. That role is a practicum and not one he chose as his forte is costume design. The role takes a ton of his time so after classes all day, he is in the theater until late at night. I haven't heard from him in days. He also suffers from Compex PTSD, so I feel the need to check in everyday and have not had that luxury due to his schedule. He called me today on a break and prefaced by saying he only had ten minutes, but it was great to hear his voice. That made me truly happy. 
Talked to my buddy from college.
My children arrived at my house after spending a week with their father. 
My oldest daughter called just to chat and catch up. 
I was happy when my Church Pastor gave a very inspirational homily because it inspired me to be a better person.
Today I got to see two my friends who I hadn't seen for a few weeks.
The weather was starting to feel like spring today.
I was happy when I was able to order school uniform shorts for my children from my smartphone with out any complications, it was so easy and convenient.
I made dinner together with my fiancee and daughter. 
last night I met my friend at the restaurant, I gave my friend a present and a birthday card, we ordered some food, while we ate dinner everyone chatted, after the main course the waiter brought out a cake and we sang 'Happy Birthday', everyone went home quite late.
I was able to sleep in this morning, and it was wonderful.
There are certain moments in popular culture that feel so right, where something happens in stories that feels so good and so appropriate in the story, that you can't help but be moved by it. Usually when seeing a character taking a Woobie under his/her wings.
I'm currently watching WrestleMania right now.
This morning I went to visit my mother in the nursing home where she lives.  It's a pretty depressing place, and most of the residents are pretty unresponsive.  There is one woman who always returns my smile with a smile.  It was such a relief to see a happy, smiling face in such a depressing atmosphere.  It made me feel very happy.
My sister is visiting with my niece and nephew.
Last night, I went to a local theme park and I was able to hang out with friends I have not seen in a while at a local bar.
I had the day to myself so I went to Moon Marble Company and looked at all the toys, took photos of the marbles, and bought a marble necklace for my son's girlfriend.
Took the dogs for a walk.
I am retired and my wife still works swing shift (3-11). She always leaves pre cooked dinner for me in the evening hours while she is working. Today is no exception and I really admire and enjoy the effort she puts out for that.
I visited the Goddard space center with my girlfriend. 
today i am very happy because my husband finally book ticket to sikkim tour. from long time i was waiting for this trip and today my husband surprise me with the ticked. 
I woke up early today even though it was Sunday. 
An event that made me happy last night was our 10 year celebration for a club that I am. 
in the last day i meet my college girlfriend,i am very happy after met that person because of we are very close in college days,now she got married,anyway she talks very closely to me and we arrange dinner at outside that moment very like in my life.
i had dinner with my friends tonight, had good time with them, after long time we mate, so it was happy moment for me.
I finally got around to chainsawing a fallen tree in our yard after putting it off for too long
Found ice cream on a really good sale at the grocery store today!
It rained and cleaned the pollen off my car.
Yesterday I was together all day long with some of my best friends on a boat together. The weather was beautiful and the company was great. 
My husband, son, and I were able to sit down and have a large lumberjack style breakfast this morning together.
I saw the movie Beauty and the Beast with my two daughters.
I got to hangout with my brother and play video games for the first time in a while.
I ate some artificial cheese.
I had a great time planting a container garden with my spouse.
This morning, I went to Sonic with my parents.
When my girlfriend got home from work made me happy.
Getting an extra piece of chicken in my meal
Upon waking up, I stretched my hands out and felt relaxed and refreshed, having slept in late for the first time in quite some time.
My son ran up and jumped on me to snuggle with me - for no apparent reason. He just wanted to cuddle for a few minutes.
I went to the beach with some friend I had not seen in awhile.
I am happy Gonzaga won last night. Not only are they my favorite team, but I also won 100 from a bet.
My 2 and 1/2 yr old grandson JoJo found a pair of sun glasses and promptly put them on when my husband called him "Hollywood" he replied "I not Hollywoody!" 
Attended a family reunion celebrating my grandma's 80th birthday. 
I was able to walk two miles today, which I have not been able to do in a long while
I watched a religious show with my daughter.  It was a wonderful get-to-gather and we enjoyed the sermon, It made me very happy for us to be together watching this.
in last day it was great to get together with old friends, I had some interesting conversations, it was a good opportunity to catch up with what my friends had been up to it was a nice way to wind down after a hard day at work with them,that day very memory day in my life.
I helped an elderly family member do yard work. It's always nice to help out where I can, since he's not as able to do the work as he used to be able to.
I repaired a broken sprinkler head in my front yard.
I was able to create some quizzes for my friend so she can study well.
I finally got to watch Grey's Anatomy, and it was a good episode!
I went to Costco, and my pepperoni pizza was super-fresh. 
I thought my phone was broken but was able to fix it. 
Had lunch with my extended family.
My son won a band competition that their group has now won ten years in a row.
I had a nice dinner with my family in which we ate pasta a la vodka with grilled chicken.
I literally saved well over $700 switching my car insurance from Progressive to Geico!  I cannot believe how much I've been overpaying!
I was able to organize at work so that the day would go more smoothly.  
I bought two new chairs for my deck.
I was happy that I was able to sleep in this morning.
I PURCHASED A MIRROR FIXED SAREE, IT IS MY  FIRST SAREE CONTAINING MIRROR WORK, WHICH MAKES ME HAPPY.
I had a short conversation with someone on the street, which made me feel very confident and energized.
The guy that I like, who usually only wants to hang out at his apartment, came to hang out with me at mine -- while it may seem small, it was a big deal to me. 
I was playing RuneScape (Video Game) with a couple of my friends and we were raiding for a few hours straight and got some good drops.
Watching opening day baseball was a happy moment
I read a chapter of the Japanese comic Yotsuba&.
I watched the opening day MLB games on television, which got me very excited for the upcoming baseball season.
My sister and I had a sleepover and talked about childhood memories. 
The stylist cutting my hair was very easy to talk to. We had a great conversation and she did a good job on my hair too.
Watching the final four basketball game with friends. 
Walked around our Downtown for 5 miles with 2 dear friends.
It made me happy to reconcile with my boyfriend. We had been fighting but ended up cuddling and feeling better.
I was attending my friend's wedding party.
I found out my cousin bought my late uncle's cabin that has been out of the family for about 20 years.
I was able to get my baby to go to sleep and take a nice long nap today, when she had been super fussy all day
omg the direct deposit hit!Feel like a rich person for 5 minutes lol
My children and I spending the day together watching movies and packing for our move.
I went to church with my family.
This morning my elderly dog (that recently had a laryngeal tie-back surgery) was breathing through her nose once again, making me supremely happy that she was doing better as a result of the surgery.
Went swimming with the family 
Watching my father play with my dog.  He started laughing so hard he was on the floor rolling around as my dog jumped all over him.
I had a really enjoyable asian delivery dinner with my family and I got to spend time with my family. 
I went out with my boyfriend to eat Coldstone ice-cream. 
I bought a new pair of sunglasses
It is a severe weather day, it was storming like crazy, tornado warnings and watches out, and I am alone home on my day off.  My husband came home during lunch to check up on me, it was a happy moment
I spent my Saturday night catching up with my fraternity brothers from college. We had a great time over drinks.
Yesterday, I was playing League of Legends with my friends, we played for 4 hours just to increase our rank. I am very happy that I successfully increased my rank in just 
Getting iced coffee for the first time.
I got to listen to a lot of talks on the radio about religion and spirituality. It inspired me and will help me be a better person now.
I went to the waterpark Blizzard Beach with my girlfriend.
Roger Federer won the Miami Masters tennis tournament.  I'm a big fan of his and was thrilled he was able to win.
I purchased my school supplies for the upcoming quarter.
 Today I had a safe trip home from visiting family. 
My family singing "Happy Birthday" to me around a cookie cake.
I saw my friend Gary that I hadn't seen for about a week.
My daughter running and jumping around pretending to be different animals
I got to sleep in and no one disturbed me
Received praise from a client for a project well done.
I ate a hearty dinner.
My brother taught me how to work the chainsaw.
I heard a concert performed by, and met, internationally-known clarinetist David Krakauer.
Saved someone's life in the ER today, made me feel good about myself
My wife and I sat next to each other on the couch to work on a project; it was great to work together.
Had a relaxing afternoon playing with my kids.
I tried a new recipe with cauliflower and it was delicious!
I attained a small get together yesterday.
I began listening to a podcast that is much more complex and entertaining than I anticipated.
I was very happy cuddling with my wife last night.  
My favorite team in the NCAA (South Carolina) won the championship earlier this evening.
Today i got a kiss from my girlfriend who hasn't touched me in 2 years.
I went on a walk with my husband, and it was so cool out. It felt wonderful.
I went to Yogurt in Love and got frozen yogurt with my family. 
I vacuumed the carpets in the house, and cleaned the carpets. 
Talked to my girlfriend on the phone after not seeing her for a few days
My husband got a promotion, which was being denied to him since two years.
My 6 year old daughter rode her bike without training wheels for the first time ever today!
I ate some girl scout thin mints cookies even though I'm on a diet.
yesterday my sister visited my home
It made me happy going to Dutch Brothers with my husband and getting a drink.
Went to San Francisco to explore the city
My ex came home to her dads and spent the day with me bein cool.
Last night my team (UNC tarheels) won their basketball game in the final four and they're going to the championship!
Realizing that I am freer than I used to be
I was at home watching my older son help my younger son with some homework.   They both were smiling and seemed to be enjoying doing something with each other.   I took a picture of them so I'd remember that moment.
I ate at my mom's house for dinner, and it was healthy and delicious.
I had made stuffed peppers for the first time and it came out tasting great. that made me really happy because it was so much work and i got rewarded for it.
After 2 days of gruesome work finally done.
one of my neighbor was in mental hospital for the last two week and yesterday she came back in a normal state, it was a happy moment for all of us that she came back normally, seems an enjoyable moment.
Talking with my grandparents.
I cleaned up my room and threw out a lot of stuff that I no longer need.
A job interview seemed very promising 
I had a good fried rice dinner just a few minutes ago.
Eating dinner with my mother and step father.
I baked a cake with my child and watching them learn and take part made me happy.
A package I have been waiting for finally came today. 
I finally booked my family's stay at hotels for my graduation.
I ran into a classmate from highschool whose looks I used to be jealous of and she was really fat
After 6 years my brother is returning from abroad to our home country. we were missing him so much yesterday night he arrived and we are in full of joy and happiness and so we did not even slept yesterday night.
Finished recording my podcast episode.
I found one of my favorite movies on tv which I was not expecting at all.
The weather broke today so I spent several hours diddling in my garden just moving things around but loving gardening as much as I do it was a prelude to the upcoming gardening season
Eating a meal from McDonalds.
Eric came over and we had really good sex.
I was last happy when I went to a party last night for my friend's daughter. The party was fun and the food was good. On top of that, I got to see a lot of other friends who I didn't see in a while. 
Last night my mom and dad come at my hostel for celebrate my birthday its a surprised and happiest event for me.
I met an online friend in person for the first time without realizing they would be at the same event as me.
I got to play with my bany nephew at his house.
I won a $350 pot with pocket aces at the poker table.
I ate one of my favorite chocolate bars for dessert.
I got a free coffee at Starbucks.
I listened to an interview with a woman athlete that I like.
Going outside made me happy in the past 24 hours, because the weather is getting warmer with each day, and I start to feel really optimistic about April. 
I saw a woman meet this man while waiting for two different airplanes. When he left to board his plane, he kissed her.
Today I fixed the garbage disposal all by myself.
I spent time with my nieces.
I ate a delicious steak and chicken kabob from a food truck and it was incredibly good.
There are days when people discover something that changes their lives, I discovered that one of my friend lives in the city since long that I was not aware of.
Today is our 25th wedding Anniversary.To our surprise my kids gave a surprise party and presented a car which was my life dream. This happiness is ever ending and we are enjoying my wedding day with it.
I found a HIT that pays $5 for a 10 min survey.
Yesterday I along with my wife roamed all over the city. We felt romantic.
We met some old friends for lunch 
My boyfriend brought me dinner today. 
My girlfriend and I completed our itinerary for the roadtrip we are going on. We are happy that the planning is complete and that we just have to go enjoy it.
I watched the season finale of my favorite show today
I got out of work early.
Haven't played our video game (h1z1) in a while and won our first game
Talked to a friend that I haven't talked to in a long time.
I was happy when my friend agreed to watch the ncaa final four last night. We went to a bar, got food and watched tge game. This made me happy.
Finishing my hours and work and getting to  go home :)
I was playing DOTA and got off a really good spell that really helped my team!
I walked my dog in the park and then went for a jog
I bought a dress that fit well for $3.
Beating the traffic rush to church.
While I was getting my bridal pictures done last night, a couple getting their engagement pictures taken walked by the area we were at and the woman yelled, "You look absolutely stunning!"
The text I got from my girlfriend saying how much she loved me after we got into a fight.
Today was the 48 anniversary of my marriage to my husband and I was happy for such a long marriage to a wonderful person.
I got to see an intimate show by my favorite band. 
Baseball season started this weekend and baseball is back on tv!
I sold an item on eBay yesterday that made me happy.
My best friend called who stays out of town and we talked on the phone for hours.
Cooking cheesy bacon chicken for my family made me feel happy and useful. 
My husband got opportunity to go USA we are so happy to go it's my husband's achievement we r so happy to listen this
My daughter came for a visit.
I went to bible study group today.  This event made me very happy because I got to reD the word and see old friends and meet new ones.
I got to the second round of a job interview. 
Yesterday , I graduated from college. It was the most important day of my life. I had worked hard through school & was now ready & prepared to enter the workforce as a mature adult & make some money honey.
Hooking up and having a great night with and a girl that I like.
Today I went shopping with some friends and bought some new clothes. I like hanging out and doing things with my friends.
I discovered that my kindle fire is not actually broken (for now)
My grandfather is feeling better after being sick for the past week.
Reviewing portfolio holdings with my son.
We finally are in the process of moving into our home.
I went out with my friends and had a great time.
My husband noticed I was feeling unwell and stepped up to do some of the cleaning I had planned to do for the day. 
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

Talking to my friend Nissi.
I went on a hike outside with my wife and son, and enjoyed the beautiful weather today.
I  finally finished project that i started long time ago. 
I did yoga outside because the weather was so nice today.
I looked out the window and noticed how beautiful the sunset was.
This weekend we had some nice weather.  I bought a swing set for my 8 month daughter and today I put it together.  I put her in the swing with my wife and she loved it.  She laughed and kicked her legs.  She smiled and smiled.  She loved it.  She stayed in it for half an hour, and didn't want to come out!
The local liquor store had both a bourbon (Eagle Rare) that I was looking to try as well as a limited release beer (KBS) that I was able to purchase today. 
I visited my Godchildren and got to give them presents that made them smile.
I sang our special song to my daughter at bedtime, which I can only do once or twice a week due to work.
I got a beautiful girl's number at the dance club.
Finishing my laundry.
Yesterday i went to movie with my spouse and i was very happy because it was my favorite hero movie which i am seeing after a long time.
I made a delicious dinner and ate with my fiancee. 
I was able to successfully change the engine air filter in my car. 
My husband and I configured our new kitchen cabinets together and I love working together on projects.
I was feeling like my life had gotten a bit routine and decided to rearrange my furniture. A small thing, but it made me happy.
My daughter and I were playing tennis.  She is 10, and we haven't been interacting of late.  Too busy so this was nice.
In the last night I drive A New Toyota Car in long journey with my friends,we celebrates a small party in my friends guest house after a long time i spend this guys so am feel very happy with my friends and enjoy a lot.
I hiked around with my friend through the beautiful woods in her backyard.
I went to visit my parents for the weekend
I got to sample food cooked by one of my favorite local chefs.
Facetimeing with my niece earlier today.
I watched a documentary I found on my roku amazon account. It was about a woman whose dad had been changed by Fox news and Rush Limbaugh. It was funny, informative and had a great ending.
I made a good investment in the stock markets.
I had a great time on a date with a cute guy and hung out with his friends.
I SAW A MOVIE IN THEATER WITH MY FRIENDS THAT MAKES ME VERY HAPPY
My aunt had a party for my cousin's 22nd birthday. I got to see my family and all of my cousins. We played a game together.
I made a good amount of progress in my html course.
My boyfriend returned home from a month-long work trip.
I made it to my destination by car safely and quickly.
I danced with my coworker to a song playing over the radio.
When I met my old school buddies in one of our friend's marriage party. I felt very happy on meeting my old school buddies and spending time with them.
One of my oldest friends happened to be in town last night; she came over and we chatted for a couple of hours.
In the last twenty four hours, the event that made me happiest was dinner with my boyfriend's family and watching the basketball game with them. 
I went to Hash Bash in Ann Arbor and had a lot of fun with friends. 
We just finished dinner at my favorite pizza place.
In the past 24 hours an event that made happy was yesterday when my oldest son whom is three told my youngest son who is one that he loved him. honestly they fight soo much that it made my heart smile to hear those words from him. 
I managed to understand a hard topic I had been studying for a while in anatomy.
Got some yard work done
I was watching the Cleveland Cavaliers win a basketball game on television.
I had brunch with my roommate
Watching my son play with his grandparents and laughing.
Talking to my best friend for a couple hours.
I went to dinner with a big group of my friends at a good restaurant.
I woke up this morning and my son ran to me and have me a big hug.  
I got to spend time with my family yesterday, we went to the zoo and went to dinner after wine tasting.
I read a nine page horror story in German, a language that I have struggled with for at least a year. A story whose vocabulary was definitely at the B2 level, that is upper-intermediate. It's that sense of achievement that really brought me a sense of satisfaction. Not as satisfactory as the exercising, mentioned below in #3.
I heard that my friend is starting a new business related to clothing.
I recently got twenty dollars and bought myself a fish. I really love how colorful it is.
My husband and I were able to go out to dinner by ourselves.


Completing my shift and driving home.
Waking up not having to go to work. 
I got to help a friend make a birthday cake.
I faced an issue in my project which I resolved and it was successful.
I m very happy when i knew that my younger brother engaged with Rita whos his classmate in collage.
going to the gym with my friend and talking about what's going on in our lives
Last night I went out to a club with friends and spend a great time and I was really happy.
Chicago Cubs baseball is officially back on the air! 
It rained heavily today which reduced the rising temperature
I was out of a hike in the hills and had a moment of noticing how quiet and surreal it was out there.
I went to the grocery store and had a set budget. I normally grocery shop for the month, so I had to be careful not to go over that set amount. I was under that amount and had money left over to use for other things. to some this would be insignificant, but for me it meant a lot because my budget is really tight. I worry about money a lot and was very happy to get everything that I need and have extra money left over.
I took my 93 year old mother to see her sister, my 89 year old aunt; we went to lunch then back to my aunt's house to play Bananagrams and have cookies and root beer.
I was watching the season finale of the Walking Dead and King Ezekiel's tiger ate one of the bad guys' faces, which made me laugh.
I ate a delicious bowl of chili.
I woke up today to my dog licking my face. 
I cooked a good meal and shared it.
I got a really great haircut from a new stylist.
A small even that made me happy in the past 24 hours was when my husband took my toddler this morning and let me sleep in. This made me happy because I was very tired, and I knew my husband was sacrificing for me.
My husband held me close and gave me a kiss while we were standing on the sidewalk and a woman was walking past.
I cooked a recipe from my favorite cooking blog and it was fantastic.
Getting out taxes finished made me so happy today.
Got all birthday shopping done in one afternoon. 
I got to Facetime with both of my grandchildren and the 16 month old one blew us kisses and waved and said "bye"!
I made a new recipe for dinner that turned out well and everyone liked it.
I went to church today. I worked my church's ministry serving lunches to the homeless 
Surprising my family by traveling to visit them.
I had the opportunity to play video games with my nephews.
My 2-year-old gave me big smoochy kisses on my cheeks.
I went for a 3.5 mile run through the park on a sunny day.
Watched a television show with my partner.
I got to be a lot more productive today than I expected from myself.
I met an old friend for drinks at a local bar and we were able to catch up
i heard that that i will be getting foreign opportunity in my office.
I completed my first V4 bouldering problem.
I played tennis with a friend.
Yesterday i went to agricultural meeting and i was very happy to know how to do agricultural business
I went for a run this morning and felt good. 
My brother called me up and asked if I wanted to get a game of OverWatch in
on yesterday is wedding day, we have planned nearest location , which is nice place to spend few hours with family member, this is one of the happiest day and spend hole day with my family member in my busy day in month.
I watched highlights of my favorite basketball team, the North Carolina Tar Heels making the National Championship game.
I was happy when I took my children to church today.
I got to play with my mom's new puppy.
I went to church and they sang my favorite songs.
I was romantically engaged with my boyfriend in a lonely place.
Ghost Adventures had new episodes this week and last week. Spent some time with friends catching up on the show this evening
I hung out with a girl that I liked after running into her at the bars. 
Got to spend the day trout fishing with my dad and my father and law and my son.
Finishing all my work before Monday morning.
When my hit amount hit $91.00 mark today for this week I was extremely happy.
I went hiking with my friends.
I was very happy last night when I achieved my life goal for my family
I looked at my checking account balance today, and was surprised that I had more money than I thought I originally had. 
Got a good night sleep.
The event basketball cavs vs golden .Cavs won with Lebron MVP of the mactch made me happy
Even though I am having a tough time due to relationship issues (my friend is an asshole of a business partner) it makes me a little happy that I managed to get up from my bed, as always and do something productive. This time, I went to the sauna, I exercised and I lifted those bad boy weights. That made me happy.
A man opened his lungi.
I felt happy after meeting with a friend at a my favorite local restaurant.
When I took a nice hot bath and was able to relax and think about nothing.  This is truly a great relaxing happy moment.
I cooked a meal of almond crusted cod, baked, and ate it. Delicious.
I went to Cold Stone and I haven't been there for a really long time.  The ice cream was surprisingly good and barely melted.
I was recently playing a video games, Zelda: Breath of the Wild, and i had a lot of fun exploring a new section of the game i unlocked. 3 hours passed like nothing.
I picked a home grown radish from our garden and marveled how tasty it was compared to store bought ones.
After one month of rain less hot climate we got abundant rain here.
I was told that I was gifted in sultriness.
I was happy today when I cheered my daughter on to her win in archery state championship.
The most happiest moment I stil reckon when i came back from the first day of my school,I was so excited and happy 
to attend my classes and meet with new friends
The Pittsburgh Penguins won a game versus the Carolina Hurricanes.
I was happy when me and my girlfriend stopped fighting.
Playing fetch with my dog.
My wife makes the best pancakes. She mixes a little yogurt in with the batter and cooks them very thin.  No syrup is needed for these pancakes as they slide down your throat like warm butter. There is no better breakfast than this.
Eating an ice cream. I don't usually indulge, but today I did and it gave me a small amount of joy.
One of my biggest dreams was to buy a bike. Today I bought a new bike.
When I completed a boss in Kingdom Hearts (Ursula II) video game.
watching Wrestlemania 
i am a supervisor of my manufacturing company .i am very hard worker and efficient worker so i got salary increment from my management.it gives lot of proud to my self.i feel very happy to this event.it gives lot of goodness in my career. it is very good moment in my life.
I had bottomless mimosas.
It's easy to impress me. I don't need a fancy party to be happy. Just good friends, good food, and good laughs. I'm happy. I'm satisfied. I'm content
I won $50 from a $5 scratcher game.
yesterday i went movie with my bestie
My mother and I watched the series finale of one of our favorite new shows together.
I am watching my friends 2 dogs and having a great time seeing them play with my pup!
Being able to breathe through your nose after having a cold.
I have the gift to play music and make people happy through that. I'm just telling you from my heart, I'm so in love with life.

My sister came to my home.
Being able to breathe through your nose after having a cold.
This afternoon I hiked to the top of a small mountain and felt happy
I got second prize in a game in my ladies group kitty.
A birthday is just another day where you go to work and people give you love. Age is just a state of mind, and you are as old as you think you are. You have to count your blessings and be happy.
I had an impromptu hang out session with a friend. 
While I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me... i was laughing.
I watched LDS General Conference today and it made me happy.
I won a match in World of Warships with a "kraken" (5 kills) which is somewhat rare and put a smile on my face. 
Going out to the bar and doing karaoke with my best friend.
While I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me.... i was laughing.
While I`m lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me....I was laughing.
When I'm lying down on the sofa, mother tickle me... i was laughing.
YESTERDAY I WENT TO SHOPPING FOR MY SON BIRTHDAY. THAT TIME I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
I made some drawings that show some promise.
When I'm lying in on the sofa, my mother tickle me... I was laughing.
while I'm lying on the sofa, my mother tickle me... i was laughing
I was really happy yesterday because we had a family reunion.
while i'm lying on the sofa,my mother tickle me. i was laughing.
While I am laying on the sofa. My  mother tickle me... I was laughing.
Today my bathed that time one dog came
WHILE I'M LYING ON THE SOFA, MY MOTHER TICKLE ME.. I WAS LAUGHING.
My friend came over and watched a movie with me.
While I am lying on the sofa my mother tickle me I was laughing.
I WENT TO MEENAKSHI AMMAN TEMPLE SO I FEEL HAPPY.
 I AM WENT TO BIG SHOPPING MALL WITH MY FAMILY FRIENDS.ITS A VARIETY OF THINGS PURCHASED.
Today I made up with my significant other after a big argument.
MY HAPPINESS MOMENT YESTERDAY,BECAUSE I WAS  ATTENDED MY RELATIVE FUNCTION. I LIKE THIS DURATION.
I played peek-a-boo with my one-year-old daughter, which made the both of us laugh heartily.
YESTERDAY I WENT A MALL,THERE I SAW MY SCHOOL MATE AFTER A LONG TIME.WE DISCUSS A LOT ABOUT US.THAT MEETING MADE ME HAPPY.
Got promoted as Manager yesterday, feeling so happy.
I downloaded a new album and I was going through the new songs.  I replayed the ones that I really liked.  The feeling of happiness was the initial excitement of having this album, and then the enjoyment of hearing my favorite songs over and over again.  
I bought a new apple phone. 
While I am lying on the sofa, My mother tickle me I was laughing.
I noticed that my local gaming store had reopened for being closed almost a year.
I went to dinner with my girlfriend.
I went out for ice cream, and pick a new ice cream flavor. It was good, even though I had never tried it.
yesterday i bought one iphone 7 new piece i enjoyed to use that my cute smart phone
I was very happy when I learned how to ski and I was surprisingly good at it. 
Yesterday, In my office we all celebrated our manager's  birthday that time we took more photos and enjoyed lot
I watched the first episode of the second season of an anime I have been waiting for a long time to watch.
I got a call from a friend I had lost contact with for a long time.
Yesterday i celebrate my 25th birthday in my hometown with my friends&family members.I got a present with my father a mobile phone(Motorola z).I like so much the mobile,friends also present some gifts.I feel very happy that moment.whole day i cant forget my life time.
Yesterday I won 350 dollars playing poker online.
Sharing organic carrot cake with my co-workers.
I watched my 2 oldest kids sing in the church choir musical.
TODAY I GOT MY FIRST MONTH SALARY AFTER FINISHED MY GRADUATION.THAT MOMENT BRINGS ME HAPPINESS AND CONFIDENT.I PROVE MY 
 SELF THAT I CAN SUPPORT MY FAMILY FINANCIALLY.
While I am lying on the sofa. My mother tickle me... I was laughing.
Watching raindrops arace each othera down windows.
My kid left a card for me on my chair, that I found when I woke up.
Had dinner with family. 
This one is not going to seem a happy event, and for the most part it's not.  I'm 46, my Mom is 84, lives 2 hours away and is being taken care of by my 31 year old niece who had lived with her the past 12 or 13 years.  I talked to my niece and she tells me that Mom has been officially been confirmed as having Alzheimers.  That's not the happy part, that's rather sad to be sure, but the thing is we knew this for quite a while.  The happy part is, now that she has finally been properly diagnosed, she is now on medicine to help with the memory loss.  It's not a cure, of course, and she will eventually only get worse, but at least she is finally getting the right treatment.  There's a small happiness there.
Laughing so hard when telling a story you can barely make it to the end
I went to watch an e-sports competition with a friend.
while I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me.... I was laughing.
I went to Hindi class.
My one year old daughter gave me a hug.
I WENT TO MOVIE
 i went to temple
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I won in the inter state tennis tournament which was held at mumbai.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
i went to my sister home to celebrate their marriage day.we all took photo
I was playing with my cat, with morning sunlight coming n through the window.
I WENT TO YOGA
Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more.
I WENT TO TEMBLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I sang a song in front of my family members
I went to collage.
The happiest people in the world are those who feel absolutely terrific about themselves, and this is the natural outgrowth of accepting total responsibility for every part of their life.
When i hit my weekly goal yesterday for earnings on Mturk
I ate my favorite sweet after long time and that made me happy.
The day my boyfriend bought me a jeans trouser.
My brother called me to let me know that his wife was pregnant. 
i went to my sister home to celebrate their marriage day.we all took photo
going to my friend home
I finished my work as a busboy today and I don't have to come in the morning to finish up and clean the restaurant.
My brother came home from medical school for the weekend, and we were able to spend time together for the first time in 6 months.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
This morning my husband let me sleep in, and made french toast for breakfast. 
I worked up to 2 miles on my morning jog. 
I played video games with my friends for a few hours.
I prepared and ate a wonderful dinner. 
it made me happy when i was able to run earlier
Yesterday evening I went to near by town. On the way to the town my car got punched. I was evening 8 PM i do not get a single help on the road side. But one of the man can in bike  . He did all the help to me. I thanked him lot. My tension reduced.
I went to my girlfriend's house and spent time with her and her dog
That my daughter had spent time with my mom. It had been a long time.
I had a good breakfast in the morning.
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE TOUR WITH MY WHOLE FAMILY AFTER A LONG TIME.I MET ALL MY FAMILY MEMBERS AND THEY BLESSED ME.WE ENJOYED OUR TOUR WITH DANCE AND SONGS AND FELT VERY HAPPY.
I had a headache most of the day and then finally it disappeared and I felt very relieved and refreshed.
I went hiking today with my boyfriend for the first time in several years.
I posted an handmade item on Facebook and I got very good response. 
I went to hot yoga today. I haven't exercised in a while and haven't felt motivated to work out but I was determined to go today and through it was hard and I had to take several rests I am so happy I went! It felt so good and my body and my mind feel refreshed! Such an infusion of energy!
i played with my pet
A TRUCK IN THE HIGHWAY HIT A STRAY DOG WHICH CAUSED THE DOG SEVERE INJURY DUE TO THAT ACCIDENT THE DOG COULDN'T MOVE WAS LYING ON THE HIGH WAY ROAD AND IN ORDER TO HELP THE DOG WE CALLED THE SAVE ANIMAL ORGANIZATION AND HELP THE DOG TO GET IMMEDIATE TREATMENT AND TODAY WE HEARD THE DOG IS GETTING WELL BY THE EMERGENCY TREATMENT GIVEN TO THEM AND THIS MADE ME VERY HAPPY THAT EVEN A SMALL STEP CAN HELP TO SAVE ONE'S LIFE.  
My girlfriend spent a long time trying to win me a cowboys themed teddy bear.
My niece came in from out of town for one day to help celebrate a family member's birthday
My partner and I had some friends over to watch the season finale of The Walking Dead.
Yesterday, my sis birthday an celebrated her birthday and enjoy lot with my brother.
I spent time with a boy that I like. 
I finally beat the game I've been playing for countless hours for weeks (The Last of Us).
my baby stepped her foot in first day school for UKG that moments i feel she is stepping up to next level in her life that made me happy. we had taken photos to remember that beautiful moments.
My husband got a call today that he starts a new job in the morning.
I watched the finale of a tv show I like.
I ate food.
A deep prayer in mosque give me inner peace and happiness
I WENT TO MOVIE
I was really happy when I drove my girlfriend to her apartment yesterday. 
today one hour before my husband take me to the real estate agent for the house buying. We were looking a good house but not finding but when toady i saw a house it was very wonder full and make me so excited, and we plan to buy it.
bought a new car
I was congratulated by my boss for my work.
It made me happy today watching Wrestlemania 33 WWF wrestling, it was fun to watch and that made me happy.
i am really happy that i get to work on this hit for a long time. it is always made me really happy. i am wondering this guy giving all the chance to all of this people.and i love the movies that made me really happy always .
I went to a yoga class for the first time since last month and it was fantastic and relaxing.
Yesterday I attend the church mass. I search my daughter where is she? i shocked she is sit in front of the first line i saw that is my yesterday's big happy
I went to see my girlfriend, she resides in Madurai and that moment made me feel happy.
I went on  a date for the first time in several months with my partner of two years.
The cardinals beat the Cubs in baseball tonight
I got many easy task in MTurk including your hit, that moment made me feel happy.
It's a nice day today. Fine weather and excellent mood. I'm happy because I can walk and enjoy life.
I made Jack fruit jam at my home along with my cousins, which was very entertaining. 
A guest shook my hand and thanked me for my service.
I was able to spend the day in my house with no distractions, such as work.  I cleaned my house and this made me feel very good about my environment.
My son. He loving me and i am loving him. I life is fully satisfied as i am spending most of time with my son. in last 24 hours the happy event or moments are playing, cooking with him and went for purchase with him.

My dog's leg healed finally. My dog could not walk for a month because of a spain angled. THis time I took her out today and she was able to walk for 15 minutes. 
Last night I went for a music programme. Some sings were nice and I felt happy listening to them and seeing the lovely young girls there.
I made bread from scratch for the first time and it came out nearly perfectly.
After long time today i mate my physics lecture. 
I played tennis with my friends for the first time this year.
watched my favourite actor's action movie and it was amazing felt so happy to see the interesting moments with my  friends
I bought a new shirt for my husband on my first salary. It was his favorite color and he was so happy.
YESTERDAY WE WENT TO MY COLLEGE WHERE I COMPLETED MY U.G COURSE MADE ME HAPPY.I SAW ALL OF MY PROFESSORS.IT JUST RECALL MY COLLEGE DAYS MEMORIES. 
I became really happy when I was listening to a song I really liked this afternoon on my stereo.
We went for shopping yesterday. My husband gifted me a new handbag . Its my favorite blue color. I was very happy and fell i love again with my hubby
I danced with my son for his favourite song.
My dog has been sick for the past week, today he started running around and being crazy again!
My wife and I had sex and it was really, really good.
Packing mine and my kids' suitcases as we get ready to go to visit my parents for my sister's wedding

I was sitting down on the sofa with my mom while she was writing articles for her newspaper and I was reading CNN. While doing this, she cracked my toes. This is a tradition/routine we have done since I was a kid. Just sitting in comfortable silence as she cracks my toes and it's just a way to show she's connected and there still. It made me happy because it was nice to have that small form of affection.
I made gold 2 in fifa after performing poorly in the last WL
My contract as a probationary employee at a cement plant had ended last March 1 2017 but still haven't signed a new contract. Just this morning I receive a call from my manager asking where I was for today is my rest day, he then told me that he has something that I have to sign and I believe it is my regularization contract. So I am happy that I will be a regular employee at last.
i kissed my love to day
I received a phone call from a friend I had not heard from in quite some time.
My husband got a gift for me and that was a happy moment for me
This morning I sat there with my mother, little sister, dad, and little brother watching Netflix and enjoying a big breakfast! That made me truly happy. 
We went to picnic at 10 a.m. We reached there in two hours because there was heavy flow of traffic. The picnic spot was also crowded. As it was a sunny weekend of winter, there were lots of people who had occupied the place. We too identified the place under the banyan tree. We laid our carpet there. We took out our snacks and other edibles which we had brought with us. First, we enjoyed a light refreshment. We had also brought camera with us. We took snaps in different poses. We listened to music. We danced and played also. But meanwhile the moment of enjoyment was interrupted by the loud cries of the people. We rushed to the cries and we were shocked to see that a small boy was drowning in the canal. He was crying for help.

One of my friends is well versed in the art of swimming. He immediately jumped into the canal. After a great struggle, he dragged him out of the canal. He was in a very critical condition. He was rushed to the hospital. With immediate care, his life could be saved. We postponed the whole programme in the midway and accompanied the sick boy. But we were pleased to see him regaining consciousness. The saving of one life was a source of tremendous pleasure.

Thus, it was a day of mixed pleasure. Not only a life was secured due to our timely help and assistance but it marked an important day in my career. The memory of this day is as fresh in my mind as if it has happened today.
I was able to spend time at home and be lazy on a Sunday. 
Attending my husband's friend's house warming function with my family.
I woke up this morning.
The FDA approved a drug for the type of MS I have.
It was a day of engagement of Ms Namrata, But apart from engagement what I like is meeting the friends and relatives. Normally everyone is busy in their own daily work and therefore it becomes difficult to meet them. But This was a occasion to meet all of them. It was a day of pleasure meeting all the relatives and enjoy function with the family members and friend.
I was playing an online competitive videogame and I won the match.
The sun was outside and the earth is waking up from a long winter.
YESTERDAY I BOUGHT A NEW CAR.ITS MY LIFETIME DREAM. I AM VERY HAPPY THAT MY DREAM COMES TRUE.
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
My wife gave birth to a baby boy and this made me happy.
I went on a romantic date with my girlfriend.
I was very happy when I came to my dining hall and it was not very busy, so I could enjoy my dinner in relative silence
I bought all the supplies for fishing and went to fish on a lake for the first time.
I worked with someone who I get along with and we were able to talk about our mutual interests.
I was told by my boyfriend that he saw a reduction in my hips size already.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
I took my Corgi puppy for a walk by the ocean and he stepped in the water a little for the first time today! He normally is very afraid of water which is unfortunate since we go to the beach often.
Had sex this morning after not having to wake up to an alarm. 
I finished an assignment in my programming class that took most of the day to complete.
Today, I proposed my freind and my proposal is accepted.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
I bought a vape.
I spent quality time with my father.
I met with one of my old friends at a supermarket, unexpectedly.
I made $52 on the internet today, the most I have ever made.
I went to a family party.
I spent time with my boyfriend Tim at his house. We laid in bed together and snuggled. We watched some horrible TV show he likes while eating snacks. We talked and told each other jokes. 
The item I ordered arrived today.
Yesterday evening I was selected to participate in the 200 meters running race to be held on next day morning in my town by my sincere practice.  I was very happy 
I played with my cat and petted her too.
I made pasta for the first time
i got a chance to talk to a friend i havent talked to in years. it made me happy to talk to her and find out how she had been doing the last while,
Talking to my sister in law, eating some chocolate custard, and spending some time with my youngest child.I slept until my alarm this morning.Watching the new Meghan Trainor video for "NO!" ....laughing at how bad it is and staring into her cold, emotionless eyes.I was really sad about my dog today, she's going to get put down in the near future, and my friend cheered me up.
I was able to save a decent amount of money by clipping coupons for my grocery shopping.  It only took me 15 minutes and I saved $6.00.  This is money I can save for something else.  
today morning we went to swimming pool with all my friend. really it make my morning very joyful., still i feel happy
I went out of town to visit my grandfather, and my grandma who is in a home and has Alzheimer's. I made her laugh her old laugh that we all remember a few times while we visited, which is rare. 
I was having a conversation with my 13 year old daughter and misunderstood what she said, and we both laughed to the point of happy tears and side pain!
Yes. Yesterday night i watched ghost movie the conjuring part 2. My entire family watched this movie, all of my family got very fear, but i watched casually. They asked me you didn't get fear? how can you managing your fear.? I never get fear for ghost, i'm very brave. They got very fear. Finally watched the full movie, I said them to today night that conjuring doll will come to all your rooms. My entire family was very feared and excited, So they planned to sleep at my room. I was happy about that entire family was sleeps at my room. We're unique. So nice and unforgettable movement of life. Thank you.
My wife talked to me with love and concern.
I met up with women my age who are also my friends and we sat down for an hour of tet a tet
I went to a baby shower with my partner and spent the day relaxing with friends over food and drinks.
It was my wife's birthday and it was good to see her happy.
My husband got back his bike which he had sold off 5 years ago to another person. He decided to buy it back from him and then he took me out for a ride on it.
I did my third metric century while cycling today. Feeling tired but I am happy that I did it under 3 hours and 30 minutes.
I went to the store I bought a pizza to eat for dinner, which I don't usually do.
I was happy to watch The Walking Dead Finale!
i saw my younger sister after 3 years 
I was happy when I my mother made rice and chicken for dinner. It's my favorite. 
I bought a flower pot which would bear yellow flowers and it made me happy
Lying stresses you out, corrodes your self-esteem, and makes you unlikeable. The truth will set you free. Being honest improves your mental health and builds othersa trust in you. Always be truthful, and never apologize for it.
I am very happy to share with you that yesterday, my husband had received a very big business contract from abroad and this is the first ever foreign order in our business for the past 15 yrs. So, not only me & my hubby, our whole family, our close relatives, our neighbours etc., are all happy with us.
Yesterday i spent the night out with friends and we had a few drinks.
i had dinner with my best friend after a very long time 
i married to my lover 
am happy 
i like her smile all the time
she cares  me a lot 
she is spiritual kind hearted lovel nature .i m lucky to have her by blessing of almighty god 
 thank you lord for giving spiritual wife 
My baby started to kick the floor when I tried to help him stand up.
I got a full 8 hours of sleep without being disturbed once, this is something that hasn't happened in at least two months. I felt completely rested.
I had dinner with a large group of friends at an outdoor restaurant.
I woke up before work to find our new puppy snuggling by my head.
I watched the season finale of The Walking Dead and it was a phenomenal episode filled with hope and excitement! 
I got a call from my husband that he had been offered a job that he had previously applied for and with more pay than we had earlier anticipated.
In last 24 hrs I went with my cousin to see a drama n it was so comedy that we laughed so much .i was happy to see the drama for the first time .
I saved money at the grocery store today by using coupons.
I was planning a trip to Russia and the itinerary was  confirmed yesterday.
I just watched the film called pursuit of happiness that movie really made me to happy and motivated me more.
I had Krystal's hamburgers last night which reminded me of my childhood eating Whitecastle. 
When my son insisted to buy some apples for my uncle who was unwell as we proceeded to meet him. 
I made an excellent pasta dish substituting creme cheese for the sour creme that I normally use.  
Yesterday i went to my cousin's home with my family to have a look on the newly born baby of him.
Bought an HD TV for myself
one elephant was come to my city.that day my kids seeing that animal, very enjoy and feel thrilling.
When my little daughter helped me tidy the house. 
I went to lunch with some friends today
My son asked me in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom with him and the way that he hugged me on the way back made me happy.
Spending the night with my girlfriend made me happy. 
enjoy a lot a park and garden with children
myself help with my wife to cook. really we joy well
My wife made pasta for me
I remember the day when my dreaded chemistry exam was over and I came back home and slept as if I had taken the lotus fruit which ensnared Odysseus.
I learned that my favorite makeup company was having one of their biggest sales of the year, so I made a purchase on their website.
I had really delicious chicken wings for breakfast. 
My brother passed interview at reputed company
My sister that lives in another state sent me a surprise gift. It was a pair of shoes that I had been eyeing for quite some time. I was so happy and elated!
My wife and I went for a walk on a trail.
My relative got a ticket for polling election from a party.
Just arrived at work, had an email saying that my latest project was approved. 
I reserved a new car at a dealership!
I won $15 on a slot machine.
My 6 year olds cheerleading team won their division in yesterdays competition.
I went for a walk at an outdoor track that goes through a lovely, wooded area. 
I passed my laboratory practical test.
My son actually cleaned his room without me having to nag him about it like i normally do and he did a great job!
I tried a new recipe for dinner. 
I  had an early celebration for my birthday at my mom's house. 
I met with my brother's family and had a nice dinner.
I got to see my father who I hadnt seen in years.
The Vice President of our company traveled down from Texas to shake my hand
I was at a party and still managed to stay on my diet.
I watched a nice movie with my family
I live in a snowy region and yesterday it was warm and nice enough out of walk while running my errands, which is something I do when the weather is good. The morning walk and sunny weather was happy and uplifting.
After a long day of hard leaf raking and gardening, I took a shower while listening to jazz.
Yesterday I got 25% coupons to order inner wears in online and a cash back.
I completed code writing for one level of Android game. All working fine in the game.
My dad loaned me fifty dollars.
Today in morning I go for a walk with my husband and slowly slowly we are walking with holding each other hands, it makes me feel happy, I am still feeling happiness of that moment.
My Son was riding a small bicycle with out any one help.
The morning was relaxed and quiet.  While I had some work to get done, I was able to take my time and enjoy myself.
I was able to stop and see my oldest son on his birthday and bring him a bundt cake for him to enjoy.
An event that made me happy was learning that I won my fantasy basketball league.
Morning i played shuttle cork with my friend for half an hour
The kids and I hung out eating popcorn & watched Zootopia together on Netflix.
I sold 2 items on an online website.
I was happy that my grilled pork came out good
I have delivered on the baby child .
I found a couple of items of clothing that I can wear to work
I went to Walmart, and I found items to resell for a profit online. I made about US$50. I was quite happy as I scanned the items and some showed a profit margin.
Waking up and seeing my cat stretching on my floor looking all cute and furry. It made me happy for about 10 minutes so more than a few :).
when my dad came to home after a long business trip today, i was very happy seeing him after so long. i was missing my dad very much and when today when i saw him i became very happy.i just love my dad. he is a very nice and caring person and i love it.
Playing cards with the boys last night made me happy. 
In the past 24 hours, My girlfriend and I spent the day preparing Lasagna which is my favorite food.
Had a good band rehearsal.
I have been watching my weight and have been doing well with exercising, so today I treated myself to a jelly doughnut.
My son was accepted into his school's math honor society.
I stepped on the scale and saw that I had lost 3 pounds.
I went to the beach with my fiancee. Whenever I go to the beach, and hear the sound of the water, I unplug from the stresses of everyday life and relax. I truly recharge my batteries, and do a reset.
I met my son and his girlfriend at a local park to take my dog Max for a walk. 
I got the new harry potter prequel on dvd.
I met my sisters family
I enjoyed an uplifting time of worship at church.
Play cards with friends
I ate the new Triple Double Crunchwrap from Taco Bell and it was worth it.
My son really help me do yard work today and it made me very happy.
My boyfriend said "when we get married one day."
Going to dinner with my fiancee's family to celebrate her grandmother's birthday.
Watching Wrestlemania with no interruptions.
I went mini golfing with my girlfriend and it was great. Me and her kept getting hole in ones and we just had such a great time enjoying each other's company.
I went to gym this morning and beat my personal mile run time on the treadmill. 
My newly adopted cat and old cat FINALLY play and eating together.
My aunt came to visit me and look at the new house I bought. She came around 2 PM and took a tour. We then chatted in the living room and caught up on life in general. She left around 3:30 PM. 
Spending time with my friend watching documentaries on Netflix and then watching Youtube videos of the boat race between Oxford and Cambridge
I got a gift from my friend without any reason.
Had some free time yesterday so I finished a book that I started a while ago.
I was happy when the clothing closet I organized at Church had it's first people looking for clothing.
Purchased a Washing Machine for washing my clothes
Helping my friend hang a hammock and spending time with her.
Last night I watched the Walking Dead finale with my girlfriend. 
one of my clients paid me 10% after appreciating the way we delivered his house design . 
I watched the sunrise come up this AM. 
This morning I went outside on my back porch to drink my morning coffee and a group of deer ran right out in front of me and sat peacefully ignoring I was there.
My daughter wanted to build a diorama, with some left over clay resign.  She came up with a concept sketch and we worked on it together.  This is one of my hobbies.   It was fun to work with her on it. 
I got to sleep soundly and didn't wake up super tired
A surprise visit my brother yesterday made me very happy. I had been trying to visit him for a long time but due to situational constraints arising every time i had to postpone the visit.
Yesterday I found a city simulator game online that was better than the simcity game that was released in 2013.
I was able to take a beautiful picture using my new DSLR camera in downtown Naperville, IL.
I went to McDonalds for lunch with boyfriend and we talked about the day.
I had a long 'to do' list of household chores to complete yesterday and manged to get them all completed on schedule.
My husband, my dogs and I went snowshoeing yesterday after the snow storm we had on Saturday. The weather was beautiful, warm and sunny, and the dogs had so much fun tromping through the snow.
I went out to dinner with my best friend. 
went out with my girlfriend and made fools of ourselves singing karaoke (but was still fun) 
Saw a .gif file of divorce papers. Then a lighter was set to them and they burnt. The next image was Rick Astley (spelling) dancing and it said "never gonna give you up." It was an april fool type prank, but it was very cute and inspirational.
I am happy that my groin infection seems like it is getting better..
my child calling me mumma for the first time made me a lot proud and happy that I could not overcome the feeling of joy after hearing that from him
Grilling in back yard with the family for dinner last night made me happy.
I went out for drinks at a small farm brewery with some great friends. We played cards and listened to a small band. Time got away from us and we ended up staying there for 5 hours.
My boyfriend and I spent half of the day making homemade bread. 
I made a fantastic omelette for breakfast, with vegetables and cheese.
Some of my fellow grad students asked me to go to the bar with them
I went to work and was able to get a bonus for my recent performances. 
My daughter was able to use a spoon and eat yogurt from a bowl by her self today. 
My daughter was able to use a spoon and eat yogurt from a bowl by her self today. 
Skyping with my boyfriend
I spent the  weekend with my kids and had a amazing time. We went to six flags and rode roller coasters all day. Since it is the off season there  were no lines  
My girlfriend prepared a big dinner for us last night.
I was happy when I was done with work for the day and thought about how I had the next 4 days off. 

During my workout, I was able to complete all five sets of squats with perfect form.
My teacher personally called me for my improvement in academic areas
I made a dinner date for tonight with a friend I haven't seen in a long time.
Yesterday i received a friendly visit
Packing up the house, it was a pain in the butt but made me happy because I know we're going to move
My dog gave birth to two adorable puppies. This is my first time to see a a dog giving birth.
I celebrated my son's first birthday yesterday with friends and family.
I went for a run along the river.
I ate a particularly nice bowl of caramel ice cream
My daughter told me she loved me
I spent half the day on a boat with my boyfriend and it was sunny and beautiful outside.
The day i participant the office tournament in cricket with my friend. i get 100 runs and get 5 wicket my team won the tournament. i get the men of the match. i am really happy thus day. we are celebrated the party.
Snuggling with my ex and hoping we might be able to work things out.
My boyfriend and I went to dinner and got dessert.
I talked with a friend who I had spoken to in several weeks and it was nice. 
My husband, kids and I went down to our river lot and hung out yesterday, which always makes me happy.
Dinner last night came out perfect. The cornbread was amazing and the ham and green beans were seasoned perfectly. It was sooo tasty 
I kicked the soccer ball around in the backyard with my daughter
last day i spend the time with my gf its made me happy 
I was driving back home from Iowa and stopped at a small town. At a feed mill in the town was a giant sculpture of Paul Bunyon and Babe the ox. I thought it was funny so I took a picture.
Getting a big long happy hug from my two-year old grandson.
I watched WrestleMania on the WWE Network.
I went for a hike on Sunday afternoon, and I was able to hike longer and faster than the last time I hiked.   
I got to play Battlefield 1 all day without my wife giving me any issues.
I got my paycheck today.
Watching my favorite movie.
Working out a problem with my colleague
i am purchased my scooty bike.
GOOD life in A way to remember a special and happy event.  Write a complete sentence using one of the vocabulary words. Play with Words Code Words Choose the word . my life in well good calling in life see well tha best in may life in good leder good life
Each time I went for a walk on the beach with Ziggy, I always saw a little Malay kid sitting up high in a tree He never had anyone around him, he looked lonely. 
I got to spend time with my boyfriend and watch a movie with him. 
I watched my church's broadcast.
I was told that I will be advanced to the next phase of my job training early and ahead of my peers. 
2 of my friends got married, and it was just a beautiful day full of love.
I discovered a new streaming website.
ME AND MY BABY GIRL MADE A APPLE PIE TOGETHER
I enjoyed watching my favorite team win a game last night.
My husband and I indulged in our favorite Korean Drama, we binged watched.
My mom had been on a trip to Las Vegas for the weekend and I had been home by myself. I was happy when she got home. She had brought me back some cookies that I had wanted to try that also made me really happy.
This morning, I woke up, felt the most rested I have in about a week, had a nice, hot shower, and am having a very good cup of iced coffee.
I was very happy to get most of the garden planted last night. 
Taking a short bike ride with my husband our children through our neighborhood.
My friends and I met up to talk about our race strategy/leg assignments for a relay run we're doing.
In the past twenty four hours I was made happy by my husband surprising me by taking me out for lunch.
I finally had the chance to do lawn work in my front yard. I really enjoy being outside.
I went to dinner with my friends that I hadn't seen in a while.
I talked to my sister via video call.
Harvesting coconut water from coconut tress on the beach.
When I am working on laptop and completed that work efficiently.All of this happening at late night at 1.15 am.Before sometime I was feel unlikely because of my unaccomplishment work but after 1.15 am I was feel better.
Husband made a new chicken recipe for supper.
I attended my brother's birthday party. This made me happy because we had not seen each other in months. 
While looking at Yahoo Weather, I was happy to see that there are no more days with temperatures in the 30 degree range ahead.


Yesterday we celebrated our friend's birthday and went to a nice place for dinner and had a lot of fun and got a bit drunk.
I completed a 12 mile run yesterday afternoon. The weather was perfect and the cherry blossoms along the trail were gorgeous.
At church yesterday morning, singing in the choir, surrounded by friends and creating beautiful music.
Today when I finished my homework, it made me super happy to do so, and made me felt like i'm closer to my dream of getting ready for college graduation.
My daughter sat up in her chair for a minute.
Baking cookies for my boyfriend. 
My daughter came up to me last night after dinner and climbed in my lap and said, "I love you mommy!" without any prompting. 
I GOT A NEW JOB IN MY HOMETOWN
I got to eat taco bell. Taco bell is the bomb, so that made me happy.
I went out to lunch with my friends whom I was visiting.
My daughter was having so much fun swinging on a swing in our new backyard.
The weekend made me happy because I had a long work week and was looking forward to relaxing on Sunday.
My brother traveled from Florida and arrived yesterday afternoon for a few days to visit. 
I had some new enrollments in an online class that I teach to homeschool children. 
I was very happy when I found a new way to make my 4 month old son giggle.
I felt happy in the arms of my boyfriend while we cuddled and he held me close.
I got a text from someone I haven't seen in a few months for no reason.
Me and my wife grilled dinner yesterday, it was very tasty. 
My wife took me into our bedroom and stripped me naked and layed me down on our bed and gave me oral sex until I exploded in her mouth
We bought baby floaties and tested them out on my daughter for the first time in the tub. 
I helped my sister put on makeup for the first time. She has a lot of acne and is really embarrassed about it, and I found makeup that's good for sensitive skin. She was so excited and happy, and it's even helping her skin clear up! :)
Yesterday we went to a fund raiser for the dog rescue that we got our dog from.  
I tried a new pizza
I went to go hang out with my best friend and ate ice cream.
My son went to sleep and it wasn't in my bed! I got to sleep!
I was sitting in church yesterday morning. We have had rather gloomy weather for a long stretch. This means that the stained glass window that I find very inspiring has not been illuminated for several weeks now. Yesterday the sun decided to come out. I was sitting in church looking at, smiling at and being grateful that the image I am so inspired by was illuminated and that made me very happy and content.
We let our bunnies roam around outside fenced in.  I could tell that they were happy to be outside by the way that they were moving.  That made me happy.
I spent the day with my family yesterday and had a nice home cooked meal. 
The head of the lab I work in told me he was proud of the project I (a student) designed and that the data I generated was important/noteworthy to my field.
An event that made me happy was seeing my girlfriend yesterday. We went hiking and got to spend a lot of time together which made me extremely happy. I was happy for 4-6 hours after that.
I thought the season finale of the Walking Dead was superbly done with Shiva being the heroine along with (RIP) Sasha!
Yesterday I was able to visit my grandparents and they shared some stories about their lives with me. I spent the afternoon with them while being able to learn about their past.
Today afternoon I went to a restaurant for lunch with my colleagues.  We had a nice meal.  
I watched the biggest show of the year in professional wrestling with my family.
Last week I put in my two weeks notice at work, and today is my first full day off. I am going to use the time to help take care of my mother who is recovering from surgery, and that makes me happy to know that I am helping.
I was happy when I got a $40 tip after finishing a haircut, especially when the average tip is around $3!
I was very happy when my children came home from visiting their father.
Going to the Flea Market to look for vintage telephones that interest me with my wife.
At the end of the lacrosse travel team tryout, the coach and his wife walked up to me and extolled as to how good a player my son was adding in that he was fierce.  It was one of the many proud mom moments from yesterday.  
I had a happy moment when I realized that I had slept in for the first time in months.
I woke up to news this morning that Democrats might be able to block the potential Supreme Court nominee, which was a pleasant shock to me.
I watched The Walking Dead season final, it was amazing.
I was happy because we had a party last night for my Neice's birthday.
My father expressed how I was the best thing to happen to him
Watching an NBA game with my friends last night.
My best friend and I drank margaritas.
I was happy after completing my writing assignment.
I spent part of Sunday watching movies with my spouse.
I watched my daughter play in a splash pad, screaming "I am having so much fun!"
A friend posted a good picture I took
My boyfriend and I went to the park and took a long walk yesterday.
Met up and got dinner with friends last night.
I celebrated watching Wrestlmania with friends.
Last night, my wife and I watched a Top 100 music videos of 2016 video on YouTube.
Watching the NASCAR race with my family was very fun.
My son played pitcher for the 1st time in a baseball game and did great.
There was enough honey left to sweeten the yogurt I had for breakfast.
We made spaghetti and sat down to eat as a family.
I had a chance to meet my younger brother and bond with him before he leaves the city to get married. We played some basketball and talked, It really meant a lot to me to spend time with my younger brother because I helped mold him growing up.
Woke up to one of my favorite HITs on Mturk
Playing a few round of plants vz zombies on my mobile device
I won a game of poker against some friends.
Went to Nephew's party, he just turned 5, Spending time with family was great. 
My friends and I drove to a remote cabin for the weekend. We watched the sunrise, ate fresh eggs from the chicken, and relaxed in the hammock. It felt great to get away from the hustle and bustle of every day life. 
When I got home from work, my dog was so affectionate and was perfectly content to snuggle into me all night until we fell asleep.
I finished my grading for a class for my work.
I ate lunch with my older brother who i do not see that often.
I opened the door of the henhouse this morning, and my chickens came out into the coop. A mother hen came out with her four adorable chicks, and they hopped around and flapped their wings. They were adorable! It made me happy for about 5 minutes. 
I decided to play a videogame I haven't played in years.
I got good marks in the test conducted yesterday. that made me very happy. 
My husband who has dementia hasn't spoken verbally for two months and this morning he said a word. I was so happy to hear his voice!
I am very happy that my husband got our boat running after the bearing in it went out.
I watched Wrestlemania 33.
I went to an easter egg hunt with my kids yesterday.
Chatting with my best friend who recently moved out of the country
I made some decent progress on my programming project
i got to spend a nice night alone with my wife
i bought a new wooden cot at a better cheap rate.
My sister joined us for lunch today.
What made me happy in the past 24 hours is being able to eat healthy.
i was given a small bonus at work.
One of my grand puppies, Lucy, was outside this morning when I returned from running an errand. When she saw me pulling in the drive she was there to greet me with her tail wagging and barking to say hello. She followed me inside the house and sat on floor looking at me, waiting for her treat. Love those grand puppies!
I did not have any plans for this weekend and so I didn't have to set my alarm yesterday morning and I got to sleep in.
Sitting down at midnight after completing all the things I needed to do during the day.
My family visited this weekend and I got my birthday present yesterday afternoon.  
After a long trip I got home and sat out on my back deck and ate a late lunch and read in the sunshine.
My dog learned how to shake. 
I finished pulling the old fence posts out of my yard. 
My 4 year old daughter drawing pictures of me and telling me how much she loves me.
Alone time with a cup of coffee.
My sister and SIL came over and rearranged the decorations on my walls. They needed my sister's touch as it is difficult for me to do. She'd come for a visit for the weekend. The three of us had a good time redecorating.
I went to a restaurant with my fiancee and had a wonderful lunch, it was our first day off in a while.
Beat air dungeon in Zelda.
I figured out how to save money on health care bill by paying with HSA pre tax dollars.
I had some delicious spaghetti my nephew made.
I got to eat a chocolate cheesecake.
I was able to clean my room today which was something I put off for a while, and it feels so much better to be in it now.
Me and my wife saw the new Chips movie and it was hilarious
I watched my favorite movie while eating lunch.
My family surprised me by taking me out to dinner.
The upstairs door to my office was unlocked, so I could get in easily.
My puppy was able to sleep in until 10 AM.
I picked up a new pair of yoga pants at the store.
I won my daughter a ball from a crane machine at the resturant.
I listened to some media that affirmed my views on politics.
The interest rate on my savings account went up half a percentage point.
We took our daughter to dinner to celebrate her 17th birthday. It was amazing having everyone together. The food was good. We all had a good time.
Being outside on such a beautiful sunny afternoon.  
 
I was craving Thai food last evening, so I went and got some yummy "take-out".
A coworker came to work early to take the rest of my shift because I wasn't feeling well.
I talked to my mother on the phone 
I saw my dad at work. 
I finally finished the 3k minimum spend on the Southwest card - 60k Southwest points incoming, and I can stop worrying about that and go onto the next bonus. 
I went to the antique store and bought a lovely piece of silver.
On my way to work i got hit on by a complete stranger, that havent happened in a while.
During today's workout, I had already set the weekly record to break for distance on the Elliptical machine.
Made progress toward paying off debt.
My mom called me to say that she loved me.
 My husband and I built an outdoor bar in my backyard.
I finished a book I really liked.
I got some great deals while grocery shopping.
I had cake for breakfast!
My cake I made for my sisters birthday turned out perfect!
I got news that my grandpa's surgery went well.
I learned that my supervisor has been called out of town unexpectedly and will be away from work all next week.

This HIT.  It makes me feel happy just to think about happy moments in my life.  
I was happy to get some cleaning orojects done around the house.
My dog climbed on top of me and very deliberately licked the end of my nose.
I had a shower.
This afternoon, I went to my mother's house with my daughter and my sister came to visit as well.
I had a day off from work and it was needed, i usually work daily.
I did a five minute workout and I realize I am stronger than I was a year ago
I visited my family an hour away.
I was happy to loan my neighbor some tools to accomplish a repair job that she had someone doing for her.
Had a great brunch at a local restaurant.
I ate out with my girlfriend.
My girlfriend thanked me for attending an event with her, at her request - knowing that I would normally not be interested in such an event.
I unlocked and achieved level 92 on the video game Battlefield 1.
I installed a traditional light switch to replace a malfunctioning switch.
I spent time with my father watching the yankees game.
Yesterday I went to the park and it was such a beautiful day that I was outside for hours.
I was able to hang out with my girlfriend and watch the NCAA basketball games. 
I received a cash bonus for pet sitting.
Volunteering for a local charity felt rewarding
Me and my wife met our daughter today and spent a few hours together.
I had sex with my partner. 
It was a beautiful sunny day -- the first genuine taste of Spring. 
I found out that I had a little bit more money than I thought I had.
I met my daily goal for taking steps in a fitness program sponsored by my employer.
I wrote several new pop songs for guitar and voice.
Found a sale for 35% off accessories i was low on for my vaping gear.
The fresh, spring breeze felt good coming through my window.
I found an amazing new mocha chocolate cheesecake ice cream recipe to make for my roommate and I feel pleased to be able to do something nice for him.
I got a refund on a non-refundable ticket.
I received my shipment of electronic shooting earmuffs from amazon five days early.
i waxed my truck and it makes me feel good to get that done.
I took a beautiful photo of my friends horse.
I went to see an alpaca show!
Driving in my car and listening to the radio.
My dog made me happy when I saw how excited he got when I came home. 
My wife bought home dessert from work and it was delicious.
It made me happy to have a day off and relax after working all week. It made me feel good to rest.
I ate a huge meal because I worked out.
I helped my daughter understand her chemistry homework.
Buying a specific facial scrub/wash that I've been looking for.
Took a nap later in the day and woke up very refreshed.
I got an email from a friend I hadn't heard from in a while.
This morning a received a phone call from a close friend in NYC.
I had a nice breakfast with my family.
Had a really nice time at the park because the sun was out and it warmed up.
My husband went for a walk with me.
Happiness Happens Day.[11][12] In 1999 the Society declared August 8 as Admit You're Happy Day (now Happiness Happens Day). The idea was inspired by the event that happened the previous year on the same date- the first member joined the Society. In 1998 the Society asked the governors in all 50 states for a proclamation. Nineteen of them sent proclamations
My wife on the beach playing with the kids building a sand castle. 
I went to class and got back my exam for Sunday's class.  Found out I got a 81.  Thought I failed this exam, but I did pretty good for not knowing the materials.
get in touch with my ex girlfriend until now
My neighbor helped me with an issue I was having with my car.
I got an unexpected gift from my parents.
I got my brother to buy me a cold dessert I love. I ate it while enjoying the warm weather in the house.
I played an online game and beat a challenging boss that I was worried would beat me.
pizza dinner.  so good.
I started a Business on today
I did my laundry and got clean sheets on the bed and I love the way they feel when I sleep.
We just found out our tax return came into our account. 
Watching tennis on TV.
Getting a raise at work
I was happy I was able to make time and watch the final of the Miami Open today
As a young girl, I found myself wed to the nicest boy. I became pregnant soon after the wedding, but his family didn't seem to mind at all. They seemed to love me... To formally introduce me into the family, I was invited to my husband's annual family reunion.
I finished the FAFSA application and submitted it. It was a grueling process and a final phone call today for help allowed me to submit.
Got tickets to a bulls game.
I finished several yard work projects I started yesterday, and was happy to be finished and be able to relax.
I tried a new chicken recipe and it turned out great. 
I was happy after I finished my workout because I felt accomplished.
I had time to make a new kind of cookie dough that is supposed to be softer, it worked out great.
Because the weather was nice, I drove with my windows down and my music blasting. 
Looking out of the window at my parents' house and seeing the beautiful sunset tonight made me happy.
I ran into an old friend at the gas station.
my friend's birthday party, last Saturday evening, we went for a meal in an Paradise restaurant.there were about 10 of us, he invited some close friends and work colleagues, most of them were people I've known since university.
A great song came on the car radio while I was driving to the store.
Tears, if any, are primarily tears of joy and/or emotional relief, not sadness. Some examples include tears shed at weddings, when babies are born, when parents come home from wars, when your kids graduate, when lost kids at the mall find their parents, when the world has gone to hell and someone holds you and tells you it will be okay, etc.
I won my fantasy basketball league
My husband showed me some steps that he made to replace the broken steps in the front of our house.  They looked great and I was very happy!
I found out how big my first pay check in 5 years will be.
This morning I was able to SCUBA dive with some good friends at a near by spring.
I had the first nice, long phone conversation with my high school best friend that I have had in a very long time.
Got the snow tires off of my car.
Me and my wife watched our favorite soccer team play on television this morning. We both comment on the players and have fun trying to tell the players what and how to play.
My dog did well on her walk and didn't act aggressive towards another dog. 
my husband also booked my sister and brother in law ticket too, that made me more happy.
I went for a light jog in the morning with my dog. 
An event that made me happy was going for an hour run in this nice weather today. 
I became a proud father of a baby boy last month and the boy is a surprise for me. When my wife was diagnosed as pregnant, she had to undergo different tests advised from the doctor.
when friend called me and asked for dinner, i was so happy.
My kids both took a nap at the same time, so I got to take one too, which is super rare
Baseball opening day is today which means I get to watch some baseball again.
I went to the mailbox and there were 2 coupons for a free Snickers candy bar. 
Tonight my parents went out to dinner while I was asleep, but brought me back chicken wings without me asking. 
My son sprayed sunburn soothing spray on the back of my sunburned neck for me.  
Making homemade orange juice with my girls.
I was invited in to audition for a part in a student film.
My infant daughter smiled at me.
I enjoyed driving around listening to music in my car.
This afternoon, I saw Life in theaters with my parents.
Talking to my mother on the phone
My favorite major league baseball player, a pitcher no less, hit his second home run of the afternoon during the Opening Day ballgame.
Tried a new recipe for roast and it turned out beautifully. I thought it would be tough but it wasn't. It was moist and flavorful and delicious.
My dad fixed my car up
I went to the gas station to get a cup of coffee this morning.  Having someone open the door for me and telling me, "have a good day beautiful" made me feel good.  (especially since I didn't feel all that beautiful)
A lady asked me for a ride to a woman's meeting next week that I have been inviting to things for several weeks now to get to know her and connect her with other friends.
My relatives gave me gave me a long talk and provided reassurance to my confidence to finish college when I doubted my own ability.
We enjoyed a delicious pulled pork dinner, and all three kids ate it!
It made me happy to give my animals a bath today, with finally the sun coming out.  They were very happy as well.
in last day my friend's birthday party, last weekend  evening, we are went for a dinner at super restaurant.we total 15 members friends we enjoy a lot that day .
I played some video games online and did pretty well.
My sister in law arrived for a three day visit.
I practiced Zazen Meditation successfully.
It was warm enough to go for a walk, take the kids to the park and open the window!
My son tied his own shoes.
I found an interesting Internet forum related to a new television show I love 
Saw my girlfriend for the first time in a few days.
My daughter learned to sing America the Beautiful and performed it for me.
I finally received a package in the mail that I had been waiting for.
My daughter seems to have completely gotten over her cold.
I was able to eat sweets for my one cheat day of the week.  
I had a delicious breakfast made by my husband.
I was happy to spend time with my family today.
I GOT JACK FRUIT FROM MY FRIEND. I LIKES JACK FRUIT VERY MUCH. WHICH MAKES ME HAPPY.
I managed to make a few more business contacts/connections for some of my online businesses.
I finally received the remastered PS4 edition of one of my favorite games of all time, Kingdom Hearts, in the mail. 
I was watching South Park and all the episodes that were played today were hillarious and I was laughing throughout the whole thing.
I ate hot wings.
My brother called me to say hello.
I did not plan on going to the gym today, but I ran on the treadmill for about half an hour.
My best friend and I went shopping and I found awesome deals. 
My friend asked me to go out to dinner.
Going out to the movies with my mom.
Getting a new flavor of kit Kat, cranberry and almond.
It made me happy to be at the park with my boyfriend and my step kids. It made me happy to see them play on the kids swings.
I found a $20 note on a sidewalk.
I put in a dip of Copenhagen Southern Blend.
I threw together some salmon for dinner and my wife said it was in her top ten fish dishes ever, including some of her favorites from beach vacations in the past
I was able to fix a valve cover gasket.
My daughter gave me a hug which is really rear.
I watched all the kids playing together in the front yard.
Today, although warmer than I'd prefer the breeze picked up and allowed for an early spring breeze to refresh my thoughts whilst working.
Cleaned the house
Babysitting my nieces.  I allowed them to pick what they wanted for a snack, with the answer being Dunkin Donuts.  Grandparents wanted to see them so we went and visited them as well.
I slept in really late today and got to relax, which was especially enjoyable because of the stress I've been dealing with lately. 
I ordered nail supplies on Ebay.
I ate Dominoes pizza for lunch
I had today off, a day of movies and Netflix along with crocheting.
I downloaded a new game for my pc last night and I am happy that it ran perfectly on my computer with no issues at all.
Cuddling with my cat.
My wife made peanut butter cookies which are some of my favorite. I did not know she would make it.
I cuddled with my cats on the couch watching Law and Order: SVU.
At the gym, I saw a really cute girl and she smiled at me.  It felt really great and gave me some confidence about myself.
I finally did my laundry after several days of not doing it.
 I went to get groceries and found a coupon with 20% off and save a lot of money. 
Opening birthday gifts from family and friends after going to church.
I had fun making some jokes with my youngest brother.
Having my friend come over for a little bit to just spend some time and talk
I went with my daughter to a craft store.
Went to a theme park with friends and family.
I listened to new music from my favorite artist.
I got to talk to one of my sisters that I hadn't talked to in over 2 years.
I had delicious ice cream from the Berkey Creamery on the campus of Penn State University.
Had an awesome lunch, french toast and shrimp and gritz
My son and I talked to a 91-year-old woman who was so happy to see a 9-month old at the grocery store.
Enjoyed a family dinner with my parents.
I watched a movie I wanted to see for awhile (Hacksaw Ridge) and it was very good.
I hit my alcohol limit yesterday with Bacardi.
I talked to my best friend about an upcoming art class we're taking. 
I am very happy about the book I am reading.
My boss just informed me that we are having a delayed start at work tomorrow due to emergency training sessions.
It's Opening day! My Cardinals are playing the Cubs and I get to see Fowler play in our uniform for the first time. 
today i had my favorite meal, bacon eggs and cheese on a hero.
There was a big thunderstorm during the day, and our power stayed on. It was really cozy.
We smoked ribs and played outside with our kids all day. 
I made up mojito cocktails to drink
Fed an ice cream cone to my dog
I watched a show with my family, it was hilarious content and sitting together and enjoying it made me happy.
My youngest daughter rode her bike with training wheels today!
I used a chuck-it to throw a tennis ball for my neighbor's dog to chase.
i brought new shoos yesterday
It made me happy spending time and playing with my dogs.
Bought an Xbox one for myself 
I realized I had enough money to go to the store and get more beer and cigs.
My sister and I played piano together after church and sang in harmony.
Someone had some nice words to share with me
I got to play in the orchestra at my church today.
I was able to spend time with my nephews and see their childish energy.
When i went grocery shopping to try to make stuffed peppers for the first time. I knew I was going to embark on something completely new to me and i was excited because i was doing something new and different. 
My dog's ashes has returned from cremation
yesterday i went to my wife's house, she was staying there for last one month and me not been there for those time due to heavy workload, and seeing her i am very happy, its an enjoyable moment.
Doing yoga in the evening.
I had a really good workout this morning.
A situation I have been worried about dissolved
I had a good lunch that consisted of a couple of tacos and a "Doubledilla" earlier today at Taco Bell.
Receiving free dog treats and a 50LB of dog food.
I planned a vacation with my family and thinking about the fun we are going to have makes me happy.
I made my own pickles today.
I booked my ticket for my sister's wedding in the summer today.
my son got a promotion at work.
Booked a car which is one of our favorite brand. Today received a call saying that we can collect the car. My whole family are eagerly waiting for its arrival which makes is feel very happy 
Snuggling with my cat
I was able to find a good deal on a tv today.
Decent weather so we did a chicken breast and veggies on the grill with temps around 50 finally getting outdoors. 
Watching a movie with my partner
Eric came over and he brought me flowers.
I was last happy this afternoon when I threw a friend a baby shower. We had brunch at a tea room and it was beautiful. The food and the atmosphere was beautiful. All our guests had a great time and loved the tea room. 
Early morning my girlfriend give me surprised when she kiss my lips its the best gifr of my life and thats the happiest event for me.
Someone complimented my hair, shirt, and bag.
I had some tasty gin and tonics in the sunny backyard.
I had a burger from McDonald's for lunch. 
My dog made funny faces when she was trying to play with me.
I got a lot of work done today.
I enjoyed a nice glass of root beer, something I haven't had in a very long time.
This HIT made me happy today, because despite very uneventful weekend, it helps me find happy moments in my life.
I helped someone get their phone charged at the airport.
I got all the laundry done and folded.
I ate some really good fresh mozzarella from Arthur Avenue.
I bought a new clipper set to cut my hair.
The place I live in is experiencing hot and sunny day, the fall in temperature last evening was a good feel that carried cool breeze for long hours.
 My brother has won a award for his performance in the medical field and today he is going to get honored by an honorable person and we are all going to that occasion which is a great pleasure for us.
I got an internship this summer. 
My wife bought one shirt for me and I was happy to get it.
I took my daughter to the beach for the first time 
My boyfriend drove me to the store today since my car was in the shop. 
Had a super delicious chocolate chip cookies with milk. It had been a long time since I have enjoyed something like that.
I finished an essay that I have been putting off for weeks
I watched my grandkids ride quads through the mud.
Played with my 9 month only puppy
Ate lunch with family.
I was able to paint the garage because the weather finally improved. This made me happy.
Getting my sons results back realize he does not have strep.
I went on a nice run outside.
I ate cheesecake factory for lunch
I went to a yoga class.
Getting a good night's sleep.
I ran in to a friend that I used to work with at the book store today and we got coffee so we could sit down and catch up.
Watching the Cardinals game on opening day. 
Today I re-potted my tomato seedlings into larger pots.
My daughter learned how to ice skate backwards at her lesson today. 
My wife and I drove around and looked at some houses to potentially buy.
I was able to pay my credit card bill today.
I cooked a chicken spaghetti and got rave reviews from everyone.
Going to church made me feel happy today. 
After 4 years  my mom came to my hometown we glad to receive her 
I got to meet up with an old friend.
I went to the salon and got my hair done.  This made me feel beautiful and happy.
I ordered pad thai and i really like it.
 Last day was my weeding day am happy that day and  thought prom had to be perfect. Ha! This was my wedding daya|the day that most little girls dream about. It was here & it had to be just so.
My friend told me that I have no fat on my body and am in great shape.
For lunch I met my parents. This made me happy because I have not seen them in a while.
I talked with my girlfriend for a few hours
I bought a new laptop.
Watching ghost in the shell with my son.
Seeing our disabled son accomplish a milestone.
I met a guy and danced with him last night.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

Spending time with my brother.
I read a graphic novel that I had been meaning to get to for at least two years.
I got a call from my agent , about my home baying approval.
I went hiking and found a new trail I like.
My partner and I shared time watching our favorite show.
Today is opening day for baseball, and I got to watch the Cardinals take on the Cubs.
I got to enjoy pho, a Vietnamese noodle dish, for dinner after work. 
A surprise episode of Rick and Morty appeared and surprised me.
I received an unscheduled day off of work yesterday.
I went to the beach yesterday with my friends
Waking up and feeling accomplished.
Yesterday i took my family to my native place to see my relatives and i was very happy because seeing my native place brings back my happy childhood memories.
My boss told me I'd been doing a very good job over the last month. 
I had a nice long talk with my girlfriend before she went to sleep.
The cast I direct put on a great show that had me laughing and proud. 
My mother in law came over and brought us dinner.
Read over the novel I'm writing.  Feeling extremely happy that it is getting close.  This is after years of work on other novels that fell apart by this stage.
last night I get mail from my  university,I selected for higher studies and I got merit Scholarship for abroad studies so am very happy for last night with my family members,i am very joy and celebrate party with my friends.
I finally got a car after three years of not having one; I'm so excited!
I caught up with a friend for lunch today
I had brunch with my friends at a nice restaurant.
Making breakfast for my family and some friends.
I went to a meeting with a couple dozen people about my age about community work. I met an interesting woman who told me about a charitable group she belongs to and I want to look into this group because it sounds interesting.
I finally beat a video game that I've been playing for a while.
I had a delicious smoothie.
I HAD A RIDE IN HILL STATION WITH MY GIRL FRIEND
My girlfriend and I had a very passionate lovemaking session.
I ate a delicious meal for dinner this evening.
I got my hair cut and the stylist really made it look amazing.
I ate a nice dinner with friends, without any issues.
I watched a movie with my roommates. 
When I got a wrist watch gift from my sister.
My mom came and visited me today and brought one of her friends along, we had a nice lunch.
When I went outside to get my mail, I received a letter from a friend stating she was getting married in the fall. 
I took my mom out to dinner and caught up, which was really nice and relaxing.
Coming home to our beautiful kitties and watching the cubs go for a repeat!
another event in the last 24 hours that made me happy was waking up next to the love of my life. he is simply the best.
I was able to make up with my girlfriend after a huge fight.
Lunch was delicious
I went to the park with my daughter.
I made progress on a project I've been procrastinating on.
My wife letting me sleep in. 
Finding replacement cups at goodwill today for my magic bullet.
I got to dance at Law Prom.
Someone today told me how much they appreciate all the work I put into our community, and told me how I was making a difference in their life.
I went to a horse show today and won both my classes!
I've beat my dad in a game of chess, after not playing it for months.
We went to see the Grand anicut dam in our area.
A cute girl smiled at me and it made my day.
I got to take a walk in beautiful weather on the beach. 
Buying virtual items in a mobile game and receiving several of the items I wanted.
Walk outside and feel the spring temperatures. 
My car survived another 500 mile trip.
My computer which had crashed, was fixed yesterday, and now I am happy that I can work again.
I m very happy when my family use Vivel products on my suggestion.After a long discussion my family agree these products.
Inviting someone that I wanted to be friends with to go somewhere with me and she accepted.
Today, I got promoted to senior level and I am extremely happy. 
I woke up feeling refreshed, which is very rare for me. 
Today my wife prepared one of my favorite dishes for lunch
My roomate came home from work after I had spent the day alone.
I went to watch the Power Ranger movie and felt like I was back in my childhood. The movie was great and I was so happy for the remake. It made me feel like a kid and couldn't stop smiling after watching the movie.
I drove home from my aunt's house in record time.
I got to hold a very cute baby in church this morning.
I got a new dog and love him so much!
I met a man at a bar last night who was going through a breakup but still had hope for his future. 
I got to see my significant other who lives an hour away from me.
I bought a new dress.
Another event that made me happy today was smiling at my baby. My three month old is learning how to laugh, and her face lights up when I smile or sing to her.
My estranged mother sent me a very nice text.
My older sister got married.
I was glad to sit in a comfy chair and watch rain fall today.
Saw a new movie in the theater (it has been years)
My daughter calls to talk almost every day and today she called several times.
My favorite character on The Walking Dead didn't die.
i go to temple and i say the poor man,help is very hungary and i help for him i am very happy
My boyfriend and I ate breakfast out
Watching "The Real Ghostbusters" on Netflix.
A very close friend gave me a piece of advice at a time that I needed to hear it most.
I got to spend time with my husband, which is a rare occurrence with our schedules. 
I made progress on my knitted cable sweater.
Bought something to treat myself using mturk money.
I was able to speak with a family member and receive good news from them, I was worried I was going to get bad news.
I was able to go for a long walk and listen to a new podcast that I enjoy
I got a promotion to senior manager and I received the confirmation letter on it
I cleaned a good chunk of my house today.
I read a good, stimulating book.
Yesterday i went to my friends house warming party and i was very happy to see all of my old friends.
I took the family geocaching for the first time.
I reached an important milestone in the video game I was playing.
we have participated an even of cricket event near my home town , there are 5 team participate, out of five , 2 team in  final in that we are one the team, it it tough fight in final, still did not won the match. but we given tough fight to other team. this is one of the happiest day, still feel that if we won the match.
I woke up and my cat was snuggled up beside me sleeping.
I was happy when I got a moment to myself as my oldest daughter played outside while my youngest was asleep.
I visited my real life happy place, out on the country farm where my mom grew up.
I ate some delicious lobster bisque.
I had a nice train journey from my hometown to nearby place which is so wonderful to see.
I had a banana split for the first time in many years
Planned a fishing trip for 12 members of my family and friends and it went off without a hitch.
Giving a cookie cake and a card to an associate whos last day is today. He was very happy.  
When I am playing at the kids on the bed time that made me extremely happy spending time with them.
I went out to dinner with my friends. 
When my family arrange for trip to abroad with me
I had an excellent meal that was cooked entirely at home, consisting of grilled fish, potatoes with garlic, and brown rice. 
I dreamt a beautiful dream.
The football match of Manchester vs Arsenal and Arsenal won 4-1. Congratz for gunner 
The other reason is that my pets always greet me even when I am down, I talk to them and share them my problems and my deepest secrets, they don't seem to mind but I am happy that they try to listen. 
Make tea without tea powder.
I was happy after my boss notified my that I could leave work 30 minutes early.
When my child said something funny.  I was so happy to hear that he has a great sense of humor.

I spent time talking with my sister and brother-in-law over the phone/skype. This is a weekly event.
I purchased a strength band to do some workouts at home and found a really good one after weeks of searching.
I ate a plate of spicy enchiladas, one of my favorite foods, and had a good dinner.
My husband and I received 4 free coupons for Vons grocery store doughnuts, picked them up and happily ate them today.
My sister with her children came home today.
I reached an apology and clarification from someone.
I was happy when I watched the walking dead season finale and saw that sasha went out fighting against negan by making herself a zombie weapon.
When I return back to my home. I saw my dad were waiting for me with a glass of juice and that moment made me feel So special So I enjoyed a lot and felt the most happiest moment of my life.
I found a deal at Lowes on something but they were out of stock so I walked next door to Wal-Mart and they matched that deal.
I was happy when I bought a new video game.
Spending time talking with my family.
The local library is hatching chicks for the spring time. My daughter go to see a few hatchlings that were barely a month old. She very calm and sweet looking at them. As they seemed to sit still and nap my daughter sang them a lullaby song.

Snuggling with my kid this morning after he woke up and climbed into bed with me. It doesn't happen too often anymore. 
Today I got a new friend. I am searching for a good friend and finally I got it.
When my brother unexpectedly made a batch of brownies.
had a good a laugh with some people
i got new car from my father.because i always encourage my career so he gives new car for my salary increment.it is very pleasant moment in my life.it gives very surprised moment in my life.i celebrate this event with my family.it is very good memory in my life.
I had potato skins with pork belly on them.
I want to be happy. I realized that being happy isn't necessarily about getting there, it's how you get there. It almost sounds like a cliche, but every entrepreneur I've talked to - every good entrepreneur - really enjoys the 'how you get here.
I went to a wine a tasting.
went for bike ride 
I received compliments for the chicken dinner that I made tonight.
Sun is shining and I am continuing to scrape paint from my railings and start priming them.
Listening to old songs and being able to remember all the lyrics.
I do not think I am successful just because I have money. I'm successful because I love who I am and I have no regrets, and I'm successful because I have a great heart and I have compassion and I care and I would be happy with or without money.

I went to temple with my friends.
Listening to old songs and being able to remember all the lyrics.
While on a hike, had an incredible view of the entire city
I made a fool of my friend yesterday and when she realized, we had a laughter blast.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
I had a certain type of food, which I haven't had in a long time. 
When i am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care."

I made oatmeal chocolate chip cookies tonight.
Rick and Morty season 3 episode 1 was posted as an April fools gag after waiting a long time for the next season to start. 
Going golfing with my brother.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
YESTERDAY NIGHT I WENT TO THE CINEMA WITH MY FRIENDS. THAT MOMENT UNFORGETTABLE MOMENT.
I watched Wrestlemania and got to see AJ Styles wrestle.
When I am getting to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say"have a nice day and take care".
when I am getting to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "have a nice day and take care"
I went to my favorite breakfast restaurant this morning
when i am getting to go to my office,my parents send off with cute smile and say "have a nice day and take care"
When  I am getting ready to go to my office. My parents send off with cute smile and say ''have a nice day  take care''
That suddenly jumped my self certainly my wife came
WHEN I AM GETTING TO GO TO MY OFFICE, MY PARENTS SEND OFF WITH CUTE SMILE AND SAY "HAVE A NICE DAY AND TAKE CARE".
My cat slept on my lap for a long time.
When I am getting ready to go to my office my parents send off with cute smile and say Have a nice day and Take care"
I WENT TO EGGO PARK WITH FAMILY AND FAMILY FRIENDS THAT'S MY HAPPIEST MOMENT.
Today I used the KonMari method to clean my house.
MY HAPPINESS MOMENT BEFORE 1 WEEK, I AM SO HAPPY , BECAUSE I WAS PASSED TYPE WRITING EXAM.
I logged on the IRS website and found out that my tax refund was being processed.
YESTERDAY ME AND MY FRIEND WENT TO A RESTAURANT.AT THERE WE ALMOST TASTE 50% OF THE DISH.EACH AND EVERY DISH IS AWESOME.IT MADE ME HAPPY.
Won title of Mr. Perfect at office event yesterday, so happy.
My dog loves to follow me around and sometimes I'll turn around and catch him staring at me in a funny way, like I caught him or something.  He'll just freeze in his step and his ears are all perked up, haha.  
I went to temple and did meditation. 
When I am getting ready to go to my office my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care".
I won 50 dollars on a scratch off lottery ticket and I have never one anything on one before.
I made a really melodic riff on a song I've been working on.
I ate the last piece of a cake that I was not expecting to exist in the fridge. 
i installed windows 10 pro in my computer and run whatsapp web application it is running very nice nice moment
I went hiking in Yosemite National Park and I got to see waterfalls, mountains, and snow. It mad me extremely happy.
I went to temple yesterday evening in that place i meet my friend with her child and she shared more about her husbands family then i played with her cute baby make me happy.
My mom made a nice steak dinner and baked brownies and corn bread for us to pack for lunch this week. 
My boyfriend brought my sushi.
Yesterday i visit my uncle home in his hometown at 6.30pm.He bought a new YAMAHA bike in his own use.we went the temple with bike and pray the god. We took some foods in hotel and back our home.
A girl texted me that I like.
Listening to the band Belial.
I turned in a work project this afternoon and the person I contact for complimented it.
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE RECEPTION PARTY OF MY CLOSE FRIEND.AFTER A LONG TIME I MET ALL MY COLLEGE FRIENDS AND FELT VERY HAPPY AND WE ENJOYED THE PARTY WITH FULL OF FUN.THAT CELEBRATION  MOMENTS MAKES MY WHOLE DAY HAPPY.
When I am getting ready to go to my office. My parents send off with cute smile and say ''Have a nice day take care''
Looking through old journals from when you were young
I ate a tasty chicken burger that my wife made for me.
Had a nice weekend Saturday to relax. 
I think other people are going to say this, but it's true.  Seeing this HIT be available again is a bit of a happiness.  I am a casual Turker that can go for weeks or months without doing any jobs.  The reason for that is I get turned off by a lack of good jobs that are not tedious jobs that ask dozens of questions with little compensation.  When I see good jobs like this one, it does motivate me to do other jobs.  I do like the idea of furthering science and related fields.  The (social?) science related jobs like this one are more meaningful than the jobs that ask you to go go google and search for stuff.  Furthermore, if the RIT in the requester name stands for "Rochester Institute of Technology" then you and I have something in common.  I'm a RIT alumnus and have been working there on staff for 20+ years.  If you are part of the same RIT, then it is even better that I'm helping out a fellow member of the RIT community.  It you're not part of the same RIT, that's cool as well.  Happy to help.
When your dentist tells me that i donat have any cavities.


A close friend from Europe came to visit me for the first time in a few months.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say ''Have a nice day and Take care''.
I went to Temple.
I tested out the sound system in my new car.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
i went to college
I WENT TO YOGA
I enjoyed a leisure tour in kerala which is a natural beauty.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
our whole family went to cinema theater  to enjoyed lot and watched cinema
I was cuddling my boyfriend on the couch while watching a movie.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
If happiness truly consisted in physical ease and freedom from care, then the happiest individual would not be either a man or a woman; it would be, I think, an American cow
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I had my favourite dish after so long time
I went to computer class.
If happiness truly consisted in physical ease and freedom from care, then the happiest individual would not be either a man or a woman; it would be, I think, an Indian dog
Hitting 5000 hits submitted on Mturk today
I danced for and hour and made me feel alive. 
When i downloaded new applications on my new android device.
I found out that I'd won a prize at my local supermarket.
our whole family went to cinema theater  to enjoyed lot and watched cinema
drinking coffee
I ate tacos with guacamole and chips with my co-workers for lunch.
I recently got accepted into graduate school, and it was a school that I was hoping to get into.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I took a warm bath with my dog laying next to me. 
My team won the basketball game. 
I saw my parents and bid them farewell form their most recent visit.
I watched an exciting action series on TV.
i was happy when i had a good lunch
I am planning to construct a new house. I applied for municipality approval. I was bending for the past six months. Yesterday I got the approval letter. I was happy.
I ate fresh sushi for dinner.
That it was 50 degrees today, and it the snow has really started to melt.
Driving home and getting back to my apartment -- being able to relax for the rest of the day.
TODAY MY CRUSH PROPOSED ME WITH FULL OF LOVE.HE SURPRISED ME WITH ROSES AND CARDS AND GIFTS ETC.,I FELT FLYING OVER THE SKY AND I FELT THAT I AM A QUEEN FOR HIM.I MADLY LOVE WITH HIM AND HE MAKES MY DAY VERY BEAUTIFUL AND HAPPY.
There are some friends that are supposed to be coming over for a bit tomorrow that I haven't seen in awhile.
I saw some very pretty yellow wildflowers.
My kid went to school without crying. 
The weather was so beautiful today and really uplifted my spirit. This Winter seems to drag on forever but I finally feel that Spring is on the way and I can't wait! I do believe I suffer from seasonal depression and the constant grey skies have been awful but today's blue skies made me hopeful and happy.
i went to see sunset yesterday
AFTER THE ACCIDENT FOR THE DOG WE CAME TO KNOW SERVICES RENDERED BY THAT ORGANIZATION AND AS TOKEN OF OUR LOVE AND AFFECTION TOWARDS ANIMAL AND IN ORDER TO HELP THE ORGANIZATION WE DONATED A SMALL AMOUNT FOR THEIR WELFARE. THIS HAS DONE DURING LENTEN PERIOD MAKE US VERY VERY HAPPY.
I took my dogs to the groomers and their new haircuts made them look so cute it brightened my day.
I designed a T Shirt with a positive message on the front that I'm going to sell online.
I got to eat a burrito after having not eaten all day.
my sis was really enjoyed and she told this was my birthday in my life. so every one enjoyed the moment lot.
I got to celebrate with my friend on her birthday. 
I hit a new monthly earnings high on mturk. I usually cash out there first of every month.
today i started working after a long gap so that made me very very happy because i am sitting and working with my dear friend. this beautiful i never forget in my life.
A happy moment today was when my 4 year old woke up and gave me a big hug.
I wrote an email to an old friend.
I talked about sports with my dad.
While playing with my niece make me feel happy
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I was really happy when I had a nice dinner with my girlfriend at a fast food restaurant. 
My elder sister called me last night that she is planning to buy a car for me and she was asking which model you have to buy. I was too happy that God not only giving me house but also a car.
hit a six and won the match for my locality team. won a cricket match for team .
A lazy chicken in my farm has laid an egg.
It made me happy today being able to have food to eat.
i am really happy that i get to work on this hit for a long time. it is always made me really happy. i am wondering this guy giving all the chance to all of this people.and i love the movies that made me really happy always .
I received my grade for a health psychology exam, a 92%, which is much better than I expected!
My husband wake up early morning for went her's office function at time 4'0 clock. he not wake up me to prepare tea. he prepared tea and drink. every time he wake me. this is the first time he do like this.
My girlfriend gave me a surprise gift to me when I went to meet her that moment made me feel happy.
My partner sent me a short message expressing that they enjoyed our date and loved me.
I talked to my 4 year old niece on the phone
I get to know some new method in currencies market that will going to make me more profit in coming days, that moment I found the method made me feel happy.
My son took second place in karate. Therefore, I am very happy is a victory for us with my son.
Slept well yesterday night after couple of days sleeplessness.I felt very good after that.
My roommate opened a window in the kitchen to let in fresh air.
I had time to clean the outside of all the windows on my house.  I am so glad to get this done because they were filthy and have been bothering me for months.
yesterday 8 friends came for lunch to our home and we enjoyed a lot.

I made some money betting on a horse race. I made an extra 300 dollars. I was actually short on rent but this helped or will help me a lot. 
Yesterday I saw a girl dancing and singing in a church service and I felt happy.
I held my cat for a good hour nap.
I prepared croft work for my children. 
A seller on ebay gave me a great discount for buying multiple games.
had a wonderful hyderabadi biriyani rich of spiciness from my all time favourite restaurant
I went for shopping yesterday. I went to a restaurant and bought food for me. While i was walking i saw an old lady begging for food. I decided to give food which i had. I gave her and she said nothing but looked me with her tearful eyes which makes me sad and happy in sense.
ME AND MY FRIEND WENT TO A MOVIE YESTERDAY AFTER A LONG TIME.IT MADE ME VERY HAPPY.EVEN THOUGH THE MOVIE WAS SLIGHT BORING,WE BOTH ENJOYED THE TIME THAT WE HAVE AT DISCUSSING ABOUT US.
I was really happy last night when I wrote an awesome new song.
We prepared special dinner and had dinner with  my family
I enjoyed talking with my neighbour after a long time.
I heard my two kids actually being nice to each other and playing.
We had rain and thunderstorms all day and that always makes me happy.
I had sex with my wife last night for the first time this month.
I was on Youtube watching First Dates UK. There was this really cute couple on a blind date and they were so sweet! It made me happy secondhand, because I saw how nervous and eager they were, and it was just super endearing. 
I got taco bell and it was good
My cousin will be graduating in grade school next month as a first honor, and that I will be the one to put on his medal during the graduation ceremony. It takes me back to when I graduated in grade school as 2nd honors.
i compose a song yesterday
I was able to enjoy the spring weather by sitting by my apartment complex's pool while I read a book. 
My friend came to my house and made a happy moment for me.
Passed my CPR training yesterday.
Manas life is a long drama of pain. Happy days are very few. I too have had my share. Tenth of June, however, proved to be the happiest day of my life. The day was Tuesday. The day broke with a light drizzle. Clouds were still hovering in the sky. I got up a bit early. I was worried. The result had been out the previous night and yet I had no information about it.
I sat over a cup of tea in this mood when lo! there was a noise of school fellows rushing towards my house. Soon they were upon me. They hugged me and told me that I had done remarkably well. I had not stood first in my school but had my name in the merit list. I was very happy. All showered congratulations on me. My parents too were very happy They served cold drinks to all who came to congratulate me.
It was around noon, we all sat at the dining table. The lunch was in progress. There was a loud knock at the door, ft was the up postman. I ran to him. He had brought a letter for me. The letter was from the Principal stating that I was passed.
I got my homework done early so I can enjoy my last few hours before school start.
My grandparents congratulated me on my internship offer.
Kids had their food without my help. 
My husband came home safely from work.
A memory of my diseased mother.
Help others- I was walking towards the market. A Stranger approached me and asked me for the directions to reach the Heart Hospital nearby. Probably his relative or friend was admitted there. I gave him a directions and told landmarks which he can see on the way. This was the great moment of satisfaction. 
I did some creative writing with a friend.
The pug is feeling better after a sick stomach over the weekend.
YESTERDAY ME AND MY HUSBAND GO FOR A LONG DRIVE.I AM VERY HAPPY IN THAT LONG DRIVE.
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I discovered the TV show Peep Show, and have been binge watching it as it is massively funny.
I learned a new recipe for spaghetti that was way better than my previous recipe.
I fixed a problem I had been having with some software on my computer for quite some time.
My children took the ingredients I supplied for them and made a creative meal. 
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.[3] Since the turn of the millennium, the human flourishing approach, advanced particularly by Amartya Sen has attracted increasing interest in psychological, especially prominent in the work of Martin Seligman, Ed Diener and Ruut Veenhoven, and international development and medical research in the work of Paul Anand.
I got to have a real good snack today, I made tostadas with cheese and jalapenos which is a childhood favorite of mine.
Driving around on errands stopped to get delicious tea and pastries. 
I got mcdonalds with my brother.
I got my new shirt and I am very happy for that.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.
I went on a bike ride.
I learned how to use the pool vacuum.
Me and the choir I belong to had a successful concert in another city
Boyfriend took me to a buffet and I threw my diet goal out the window for a couple hours.
I got 8 hours of sleep/
I played with my cat Loki. She as being affectionate which is rare. She played with the laser pen and toy mouse.
I meditated and felt peace.
Today morning I have won the first place in the 200 meter running race by 24.50s.  This is my fastest running in my life. 
I masturbated
The pasta was liked by family
Had a nice dinner with my girlfriend that I made. It was nice and we had a good time with dinner and watching tv together
A smile never cost anybody anything and a day seems to go better when you are surrounded by colleagues that smile and are willingly to help you anytime or just to hug you when you are not feeling ok.Isnat everything better when you have nice sociable colleagues to work with
I got to sit down with my youngest child and watch top chef with him.  I am a professional chef, so it's nice to share my work with him.  It was a great bonding experience.  
after we finished swimming we went to hotel to finish breakfast with my friend. too joyful day
I gave my grandfather a weedeater while we visited because he told me his other one broke.
I finally bought the purple paint for my front door.
Yesterday evening me and my friend john went to church, prayed for his mother health, because her mother is in very serious and emergency ward. We both prayed for his mother and today we have plans for big prayer for his mother, assemble all of friends and will go to church. Pray for his mother. Yes its makes me very happy and very healthy. I love all of peoples. We're all brothers and sisters. Whenever i pray for others and my family members its makes very happy and lovely feel. I would like to help everyone. Very nice. Thank you.
My grandfather called and talked to me.
My husband stayed home over the weekend and he spent some time with my children and i
I was happy when I purchased a new tea that I ended up loving - rose vanilla
I was happy when talking with friends in the warm sunshine at the baby shower.
A bobcat visited our yard.
We had a party at the ladies club in the morning wherein I met my friends and made new friends. Catching up with my old friends made me happy.
Played with my new little dog for some time. I threw the ball and my dog was catching it. My puppy is becoming expert in it. Feeling happy.
I watched the WWE Wrestlemania pay per view all afternoon, and really enjoyed it.
My child who has verbal disabilities told me he loved me a few times!
i bought a new phone for which i saved my salary for so long
I was happy when I listened to music. It relaxes me.
I had a get together with my school friends and it made me happy
Happy people rarely keep clutter around the house because they know that extra belongings weigh them down and make them feel overwhelmed and stressed out. Some studies have concluded that Europeans are a lot happier than Americans are, which is interesting because they live in smaller homes, drive simpler cars, and own fewer items.
Today, we celebrated my friend Srinithi's cute pet "Tiger" (Labour Dog)'s first birthday in a grand manner. All our friends in our apartment & neighbouring apartments - who are very much interested in pet growing have participated in the party and we all enjoyed a lot.
Arsenal the soccer team that i support managed to get a point from Manchester Cit F.C in the dying minutes of the game.
i bought a new car for which i saved for a very long time and finally today i bought it
i love her nature
i liked playing with kids all the time
children are god nature
i love kids

My husband made me my favorite dinner: Pork with guacamole.
I got a recent rejection reversed and paid. It was a rejection that was really bugging me over the past couple of days and it felt great to see it gone.
I arrived back at home after a weekend road trip.
Did you know that it has been scientifically proven that being kind makes you happier? Every time you perform a selfless act, your brain produces serotonin, a hormone that eases tension and lifts your spirits. Not only that, but treating people with love, dignity, and respect also allows you to build stronger relationships.
I completed my 12 hour night shift and was able to go home and get some sleep.
I went and ate breakfast with a friend of mine and shared a nice and touching conversation with him.
I was able to complete a job for my direct boss that had previously taken me about 3 tries to complete.
In the past 24 hours I got a good news that my cousin brother took a mercedes car n we all went for a drive .
I found the necklace I really wanted for a discount online.
Had dinner at one of my favorite restaurants. The food was mouth watering.
My mom prepared chicken recipe which was so taste to have.
I got my son a new soccer ball.
When my son shared his favourite ice cream with my mother which he would otherwise not share. 
My friend and I played Titanfall 2 together and I thought it was a good time.  
In the evening we went to the beach near my cousin's home.
Went to meet my childhood friend
in the past my child school conduct the classical dance competition. my child involved that competition he is doing dance very excellent.that is very happy moment.
When we watched our favourite movie together as a family. 
I got paid for a free lance assignment that I finished a while ago today.
We were taking a walk with the kids yesterday and my son kept stopping to pick up 'treasures' - rocks, pinecones...  it was good to see that he finds beauty in small things.
Getting a big essay done made me happy. 
we are plant a new tree.
we gone for watching cinema. its very comedy film.
I helped my wife in the household chores 
Yesterday night me and my wife were outside talking. Suddenly it started raining, I don't know from where. It was raining after two months. So both me and my wife were not eager to get back home. After enjoying the rain for a while we went back home totally drenched
I watched a YouTube video about an abandoned dog that was rescued from the streets and taken care of, then placed in a new home with loving owners.
I went to the park with my grandmother and watched the playing dogs. 
Me and my husband had a dinner at my favorite hotel
I was able to see one of my favorite church members yesterday! They had just got released from the hospital and are doing much better now. I was so overcome with joy and happiness. 
My wife and I enjoyed a really nice dinner in the late afternoon.
Finally, closed a deal to fix my seat covers.
Watched the tv show into the badlands yesterday, had been waiting for the second season to come out for a long time, such a great show.
Moving money around in my bank accounts in preparation to go buy a new car!
A customer told me about his vacation.
I chatted with one of my best friends for an hour which doesn't happen often.
I confirmed plans to visit my boyfriend later in the week.
Won my first chess tournament.
I found out I have an unclaimed property check for $300 for money i earned while working as a sales associate years ago that was never paid out to me and I should recieve the check in a month!
My cat was very animated. 
My birthday cake had a fondant decoration that looked exactly like my dog
I cleaned up a dirty old pair of shoes.
Went and had a relaxing day fishing.
I was spring cleaning and found 20.00 under the couch.
I got home after eight hours of traveling.
I won the best mother certificate in my child school 
My foster daughter came running and gave me a big hug after I had been gone for a few hours. 
I discussed the television show, 'Imposters', with a friend on the phone for close to an hour.
My sister gave me breakfast when I started from my house yesterday. Very happy to eat home made food.
Got my monthly pay in ny bank account.
My friend and I went to a brewery neither of us had ever been to before.
After so many times today I go to Parlor and have a facial for about one hour. After that my face is glowing, cheeks become soft and that *sparkling* feeling I get after taking off a facial mask makes me happy.
My wife prepared tastiest butter chicken for sunday Lunch 
Some of the kids got out of the house to hang out with their friends and the rest had some friends over.  It was good to see the kids enjoying themselves and having fun.  My wife got to relax and I got to work on my favorite hobby.
I was able to take a short nap during the middle of the day because it was a rainy and dreary day out.
Another event that made me happy was watching baseball on opening day.
I had ice cream with my training batch and we had chat with all our friends
I was offered an at home job interview on Thursday afternoon with the Xerox corporation.
I cooked a pork roast in the crock pot and it turned out really well.
I was happy that the weather was nice enough for me to enjoy a cigar outside
my parents
I applied for some job openings that can potentially lead to interview calls
I worked out. I lifted an eighteen-pound dumbbell 30 times in each hand and did toe-ups and heel-ups 30 times each.
Buying a delicious Japanese lunch after working since 4am.
Sitting on the couch watching a program about a river in Guinea with my middle boy leaning against my shoulder made me happy. 
In the past 24 hours, it was nice to come home and relax with the love of my life, I truly am never happier anywhere else.
We had a special home cooked dinner.
I was finally able to finish up the last stanza of a poem that I had been working on for a while and had been stuck on.
I got a full, uninterrupted 8 hours of sleep.
I found out my friend got the job she had applied for and really wanted.
I enjoyed the ride over to the beach with my fiancee and our conversations. I enjoy riding in the car with him since we love each other and have good conversations.
I put freshly laundered sheets on my bed, took a shower and went to bed... there's nothing like that feeling. 
I found an outfit that I could wear to an interview in my closet saving me money.
Went to shopping
I was able to get caught up on laundry.
A walk to the park to my pet
I went for a walk with my dog in the park.
The little girls sang twinkle twinkle little star to me.
My boyfriend fell asleep holding my hand while we were on a bus.
Watching our favorite TV show together in bed in the morning.
Getting more money than I thought I would.
I went to the mall with some friends of mine, it was fun we just basically talked and didn't do much shopping, everything there seems to be to over priced.
My son cleaned his toy room last night before bed. 
Figured out how to take my favorite vape mod apart and repair it.
I got a quote from a contractor to paint my cabinets for under $900. I was ecstatic since I was told it's a very expensive project to get done by someone. 
When my lab mate helped me carry the rubbish to the autoclave unit this morning
I went in a party with my friends and enjoyed a lot.
I got eight hours of sleep last night.
I was happy that my son went fishing with my husband instead of staying home and playing video games.
Purchased a Bicycle for exercising and keep my body fit.
Taking my dog to the vet.
We had a delicious meatball and pasta dinner together. 
the sun has been bright all day with no clouds interfering ,on this day when i needed to charge the batteries on my home solar system to full capacity . 
My neighbor's dog escaped and ran over to our house to visit us so I got to see and talk with our neighbor when she came over to fetch it. 
Last night I got on a FaceTime call with a friend I hadn't talked to in months and had a two hour long conversation with them. 
younger daughter and I pretended that we were orcas.  
I got to pet 3 doggies at once!
Yesterday being a sunday we all slept for an hour after lunch time. When I woke up I saw all the family is relaxing but my 7 year old son is sitting on his desk doing his studies. The dedication and concentration of him mesmerized me and I am too happy too see his motivation level.
I enjoyed a potluck lunch at work yesterday with co-workers
I was able to make a city on the city simulator game that was self sustaining.
I was able to pay off my small student loan, I will only have two left and then I'll be free from student loan debt.
We watched the Walking Dead and enjoyed the episode.
My daughter stopped by for a visit and to have dinner and we had fund catching up on family news.
I sat down and finally got time to read some of the book I'm reading. It was relaxing and I had the cats and dogs on the couch cuddling with me. 
I took my dog to the park to run
had coffee with my mother before work
Read Calvin and Hobbes comic about the dying animal they found. It was such a beautiful piece of art.
I finished the task I had to do measuring the lenght of bolts needed for securing a working top plot on a table.
having my parents around with me made me After a month and half
Hiking with my husband and daughter yesterday was fun and made me happy.
The sun was shining when I went for my long run yesterday morning.
I was able to crochet while the bread was baking. 
I'm used my new laptop bag for the first time - it holds my water bottle, macbook, and folders for work, yet is lightweight and compact.
History day came to an end
I was able to get a puppy from the local store that sold dogs. 
I ordered a new amp off  ebay and  I checked the tracking number and it is at my local post office  already. I didnt  expect it till next week. 
Achieving a task I had been meaning to do for weeks.
I woke up this morning and  had a  bonus  on mturk. It is always nice  to get a  small extra  that i was not planning on 
An old friend gave me a call out of the blue.
When my husband got home from work and new that we had together the next four days off together. 
I discovered that I really like this Schumann piano concerto in a minor record that we have that I haven't listened to before after listening to it last night.
My mother discharged from the hospital after long period
I saw my son and we had a nice conversation about his new job.
i've eaten a pizza last night
Thai food for dinner, was delicious
I finished reading the novel 'Papertowns' and I'm planning to buy another book of John Green.
My daughter came home from a weekend at her mother's place.
I watched Beauty and the Beast at the movie theater with my mom.
I watched a comedy special that I had never seen before that I found hilarious.
I was able to quit my jobs ahead of my due date. This is liberating because I can now focus on the pregnancy.
I got to spend 3 hours on the phone with my new partner. 
The day i went to tour with my lover in kerala. we are seeing the kathakali. we are enjoyed  and we are going to beating.
last we are went to kerala zoo seeing more animals and beautiful flowers, birds. we are very happy and enjoyed thus day.
Cleaning out my van so it's all organized.
My cat children were showing me their affection.
I was able to get some work done that had been on the backburner for a few weeks. 
We took the kids on the tractor, and they always love that, which makes me happy. 
Waking up from a full nights sleep. I havent slept well lately but today I woke up fully rested and it was amazing!
I made a pork chop dinner that came out really well.
i got a dimond ring as gift from my uncle
I was happy to get home from Iowa and have a familiar toilet.
I won a prize at the barbershop. It was just for a free trim, but still, I don't win much stuff. It was nice to win something for once.
I ate 2Onion rolls with butter that I had been salivating over.
I got a nice tip from a customer at work. 
I hung out with a good friend and we worked through some issues.
I was able to eat fast food for the first time this week.
Having homemade pizza.
Ahead on my daily tasks
watching cinema 
I filled some holes in m back yard that the dogs dug.
One of my favorite happy moments was spending time with my mother at one of the famous tourist spots in my city. It was one of our first real exclusive mother and daughter trips since an unhappy incident that shook our family life
My boyfriend shaved his beard. 
My one year old son walked up to me and gave me a kiss and hug.
I completed a training task at work without any help from my trainer. 
Waking up to my boyfriend and his dog in bed with me.
I cooked my favorite meal for lunch.
SPENDING TIME WITH MY KIDS I DONT GET TO DO THAT A LOT
I had fun going to the park and seeing a criminal get tackled by the police yesterday.
I got a really good deal on some used furniture from a second hand site, it is like new and a bargain.
I binge watched the whole season of Santa Clarita Diet on Netflix and that made me happy.
The weather has finally been consistently nice enough that I could walk around outside without a jacket.
I was happy to spend the evening with my husband enjoying his rabbit stew. 
Laughing at a hilarious thing our 4-year-old said at dinner. 
My husband came home from a weekend out of town.
I was made happy by playing with my dog for a bit last night.
Went laser tagging with my friends downtown.
I made it home after a 13 hr car drive from vacation.
I booked my flight ticket to go back to college.
Having a good workout at the gym.
When I was talking to my friend who are living out of state.actually she was my best friend that why i feel very likely with her. 
Went to see a movie with my daughter. 
I won a little money off a scratch off lottery ticket. It was just 100 dollars but it made me happy because I  ould take my family out to dinner with my winnings. 
I was happy to see that my work schedule includes three consecutive days off this week.


I read a book and a particular chapter made me feel warm inside and mildly happy. 
I cooked my favorite dish -- udon noodles with beef, eggs, and mung beans last night. 
Also at church, watching a little girl notice another, older kid who has a birth defect that left her with only thumbs and one finger on both of her hands. The little girl sat and stared for a couple minutes and then turned to her mother and whispered "mommy, I like her hands." It was a wonderful reminder of the love and acceptance all of us are capable of.
Watching the undertaker wrestle for the last time live at wrestlemania 33, as he was a huge part of my childhood.
My daughter is getting over her cold. 
Going to the park with my boyfriends dog.
My husband made us chili for dinner, and told me to just hang out with our daughter and relax while he took care of everything. 
MY WIFE IS PREGNANT
I got to see my Aunt who I rarely get to see.
I played a board game with my friends whom I was visiting.
My son was going down a slide by himself for the first time and kept saying "Daddy, watch it!"
I got a meal at my favorite restaurant, and it was particularly well made. 
I took my dog for a walk in the evening and got to stop and talk with a few neighbors along the way.
I saw my neighbor Steve and talked to him for about an hour.
I was very happy when my daughter had a great time at her friend's birthday party over the weekend.
I felt happy leaving the gym after doing cardio this morning.
A package that was supposed to arrive tomorrow arrived today.
I had some free time to play the video game The Last Guardian.
My wife came into the shower with me and soaped me up and rubbed her soaped up body all over me
I talked to my father for the first time in weeks since he has been overseas. 
I watched a surprise leaked new episode of one of my favorite shows, Rick and Morty. The show is HILARIOUS, and as an April Fool's prank they legitimately released the first episode of their new season. At first no one believed them but it was actually real!
I got to drink a beer from the brewery that was previously unavailable in my state. 
I went on a date with my GF.
I listened to jazz music while I worked.
My wife made me breakfast
I went to Beauty and the Beast in 3D yesterday with my sister-in-law. It was the best movie I have ever seen. It was everything I hoped it would be. I was smiling like a five year old through much of it. It is my favorite fairy tale and they did not let the audience down. The music, the graphics, the acting and the storytelling itself was so uplifting and happy. I loved it. I was so happy I never wanted the movie to end. I wanted to stay in that world. It was just a wonderful movie experience.
I was able to wake up early and brew a beer that I've been wanting to make for weeks.  Everything went just as planned.
My SO said I was the best boyfriend. 
I met a girl, hit it off with a good conversation, and we made plans to meet for a date this weekend.
While at work, some of my co-workers made me a little happy. They at least lessened the burden of work and made the environment happier. Was happy for maybe 1-2 hours
I got to eat some Chinese food that was made well this time instead of being hard to chew and too blackened like last time.
I was able to spend some time with my partner and watch some TV. She's been busy and we haven't been able to spend some time together.
Today my husband surprisingly made a coffee and woke me up.  I am so happy and shocked.
I completed a big project in one of my core engineering classes.
We got carry out from a local restaurant, and I got to enjoy a Sunday meal with my whole family. 
After a very busy day at work yesterday, I was very happy to get home and put my feet up.
I won $50 on an instant lottery ticket.
First time cutting the grass because it is a sign of the warm weather coming that make me feel so much better inside and out.
Purchasing 12 plates from my china set at a second hand store for less than the cost of one new - and they were on sale for an additional 15% of.  
Another happy moment yesterday was when I spend the day with my husband.
I hit the road expecting major traffic this morning, but for some reason the roads were empty and my drive was peaceful.
I got see my nephew and niece for the first time in a month.
I was happy because I was able to get my house fully clean in the afternoon.
Mom is not used to showing affection. So watch her being uncomfortable with the level of affection was amusing. 
Teaching my little brother how to shave. Hes only 7 so it was a pretty funny experience, we had some nice giggles.
My partner and I started watching season two of Better Call Saul.
My four year old daughter told me a joke that made me happy.
I spent some time on Sunday playing with our dogs.
One of my Sunday School students brought me a card that said "I missed you" after I had been gone two Sundays.
I ate a dairy queen blizzard
My boyfriend and I watched the finale of a show we've been loving together.
Took my dogs swimming for the first time this year since it is finally warm out
I woke up without being in pain.
This morning, I experienced pumpkin-flavored Cheerios for the first time.
Eating with my family before taking off back to college.
It was Sunday, and I got to relax at home.
The sun is shining for the last day before the rain comes in.
I watched the season finale of The Walking Dead and it was a good episode.
I got my favorite food that afternoon and chowed down after a long day of work. The item was cheese pizza with parmesan cheese and crushed red pepper.
Ate some good yogurt from target
Eating a large and satisfying dinner
My cat came to me when I called it.
It was my nephew's 5 year Birthday party. I always enjoy going to family events, my wife and I are close to our families. Spending time with her nephew makes my wife smile a lot and it makes me very happy to see her happy.
My cat slept through the night and let me sleep in this morning.
My friend told me that the guy I suggested she match on a dating app has been texting back and forth with her for over a week, and their conversations are really fulfilling and fun.
My husband won his bet on the Women's Final Four game.
I purchased several items at Anime Boston.
I got to watch the finale of Big Little Lies, which was very engaging and entertaining. 
I ate a delicious home cooked meal at my girlfriend's parents house.
This morning i met one of my best friend after a long time which made me very happy. 
A friend sent me a funny cartoon in an email.
I am so happy we got our huge yard mowed!
I spent the morning with my boyfriend and had breakfast before work.
I made love with my wife. 
Listening to my nephew through a voice note
I completed my schedule for the week
i scheduled a meetup with my old roommates to watch the UNC national title game
 i attended an enthusiastic and very joyful sports day in my daughter's school in which she won a prize.
My brother took me to his shop for a cup of coffee.
What made me happy in the past 24 hours is being able to do 200 sit ups in a dat.
i got to have a family dinner with my siblings last night.
When I realized the money transfer I initiated last week finally went through, and the money was in my account. This allowed me to purchase items I'd been in need of all weekend. 
I began to pack up my belongings for my upcoming move.
Watching Walking Dead with my husband made me happy.
My family spent time at an amusement park and batting cages.
I talked on the phone with my brother for about 20 minutes and felt good about it because we hadn't talked in several weeks.
I ate lunch with an old friend I hadn't seen in a while. 
My wife made rice pudding for dessert after dinner. 
Visiting my sister in Ohio and getting to spend time with her two daughters.
Good bye kisses from my kids at the bus stop . 
My sister, my brother and wife, my husband and myself went out to supper together. We three siblings don't get to spend lots of time together, so we enjoy the time we have. And, the good was good.
I made a big commission sale that I've been working on for the past couple of months.
Kid was sick so got to stay home and play Zelda while he slept.
My boss is an idiot and I laughed at him behind his back.
I saw a funny video of a bunny rabbit trying to hump a chicken called "How Easter Eggs Are Made"
I got a 100 on my homework.
I researched tons of information on the Ketogenic diet and am really excited to apply the new knowledge to my everyday lifestyle!
I was able to spend time with a friend I haven't seen in a while and we caught up.
My mom sent me flowers.
Wrestlemania is tonight and I have been looking forward to watching it.
Netflix was working, I could watch movies  without any problems.
My grocery bill was $30 lower than I had projected it to be.
I watched Golden Girls all afternoon.
I played soccer with my daughter before getting her into bed in our livingroom. I also read her a book.
I saw some pranks on reddit from yesterday. Some were funny.
I saw the monthly dividends that posted to my bank accounts yesterday.
I took my daughters shopping. We didn't buy much but had a great time trying on goofy things.
 Sitting on my front porch this morning drinking my hot tea and enjoying the sounds of Spring.
 
I just paused and looked at the sweet little pug-tzu that was a gift to me last Christmas; he looked so adorable I just had to laugh out loud.
My boyfriend made me grilled ham and cheese when I woke up today and brought it to me in bed.
I had the best sleep in months 
Power came back on at my house. 
I've grabbed *several* pretty nice HITs this weekend (especially nice since weekends are usually super quiet), including, notably, Nate Hodges *keeps* sending 2-3 dollar HITs that only take like 10 minutes. 
My daughter gave me two cute pencil drawings she made for me today.
My wife and i went grocery shopping today and had a fun time hanging out without the kids.
Last night, I got a great night sleep, and woke up feeling even more refreshed than I did Saturday.
Got a hair cut that I'm very satisfied with.
I got to hear about my coworker's trip to mexico where they had a lot of fun.
 I bought some new guppies for my fish tank.
I socialized with friends online.
I got a new board game online that arrived today, and spent a few hours playing it with my husband.
I hugged my fiance.
I found out my grandfather is going to be free of health issues for the first time in a while.
i got to write music again and feel inspired since last week i was depressed.
I weighed myself last night and found that I have lost 5 pounds in the last month without even really trying, except that I stopped eating ice cream.

I ate Zaxby's yesterday, and it was a good meal.  
I was happy to have a dare night with my wife.
My husband kissed me and told me to stay in bed while he took care of our son this morning.
I created a family video of a recent vacation.
Last night I was able to sit and enjoy a cup of tea and a snack while curled up with a book without any interruptions.
My daughter in law moved in to the house and is helping out.
I had five guys burger and it was so good.
I helped my friends moved.
I felt happy when I met a new neighbor and got to learn some things about  them.
Got a text from a friend about popular culture.
I worked extra hard on a hobby project and I think it is going well.
I placed an order for a computer component that I needed.
I rediscovered some music I loved as a child on a Spotify playlist of the early 90's hits.
I made a great pot roast.
I had italian ice at Bella's as they opened for the season.
I went to lunch with my friends to a new restaurant and tried shrimp ceviche for the first time, and loved it.
I was able to eat lunch and go shopping with my girlfriend today. 
I cleaned the inside of my vehicle.
Watching a movie with my girlfriend was educational
I bought a few small gifts for my wife today.
I had grilled eggplant for dinner.
I enjoyed a delicious takeout vegetarian dinner.
I looked in my fridge and saw that I still had one slice of cake left.
My family had a wonderful cookout and we enjoyed the wonderful weather with delicious home cooked food.
I worked out for about an hour, doing lots of pushups and situps.
The wife said she would give the kid a bath tonight instead of me.
I didn't have to go anywhere today.
Trailer Park Boys is back on Netflix with a new season and I've been waiting a year so I feel thrilled to see "my boys" back at it again.  
I enjoyed a nice relaxing afternoon outside by the waterfront.
I found a ten dollar bill that I thought I lost at the store.
my co workers mom brought brownies in and they were yummy.
I made really yummy rice.
I went to a wildlife refuge with my friend and we saw nutria in the wild.
Taking a bubble bath.
I made a cake yesterday that I hadn't made in years.
My 7 month old daughter did not cry once today and did not spit up any food or milk.
It made me happy to sit down and have a beer with my girl. It made me feel good to be happy and with her.
My cat fell asleep on my head. 
I watched an online stream of a music concert.
Helping my older aunt to go grocery shopping and taking her around to places. 
Finished my assignment for school the next day.
I ate a slice of pizza with spinach, garlic salt, and oregano.
I had my favorite breakfast cereal mixed with peanut butter.
I went for a walk and it's really nice out.
i was able to get some extra exercise in and it made me feel more accomplished.
An old man paid for my kombucha at Walmart so the cashier could leave after she rang him up.
"Little Moments" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Brad Paisley. It was released in September 2003 as the second single from Paisley's album Mud on the Tires. Paisley wrote this song with Chris DuBois.
Driving to the store on the sunny day getting a few camping supplies with my sister. 
My mom cooked me a dozen crabs.  It made me happy because I see my mom once a month and I love eating crabs.
schedule to meet again with her
I received a very happy phone call from a friend about something that happened that day.
I talked to a friend I had not talked to in a while.
I read articles and watched a lot of videos about working at Amazon MTurk, which made me more knowledgeable on how I can be successful. I always find learning to be fun and enjoying. I'm still doing it right now and will continue doing it in the future.
I watched a comedian doing standup for about 45 minutes.
my daughter peeing in the potty! hopefully she is getting close to being pottery train
My Sister got Passed Final exam of MBA
I got a new pair of shoes from the store and they look and feel great on my feet.
I finally worked out today for an hour. 
Texting my dad.
Planning a vacation with my family
I'm happy that my favorite football team, FC Barcelona, was able to win their league match despite missing some key players.
My husband went out early so I was able to sleep late in a Sunday morning. That makes me exceedingly happy.
Ate a banana in record time.
My ex-husband described to me a good experience my son had spending time with a new friend earlier in the week.
My phone was acting up and I got an iphone 7 and I love it!
I was happy after I made a delicious dinner because I was proud of myself.
I did my longest run yet 25 minutes.
The chicken I made was really delicious
The delicious steak that I had for dinner tonight made me very happy.
I got some good news from my doctor.
I got a case of Cherry Dr. Pepper and have really enjoyed drinking them.
My girlfriend gave me a back massage.
My husband made dinner and it was one of my favorites.  I was very happy to see that he had made that.
My nephew farted on the car ride home from the air port and announced, "I tooted!"
Today, I watched one of my favorite movies while eating stovetop popcorn for the first time.
I went to the historic Blue Room on the KC jazz district to watch my son play trombone in a student jam session.
Found a dime on my walk.
I was able to ride my bicycle 10+ miles this morning because the weather was just so gorgeous and with no wind in the air was a no brainer to hop on and just ride.
I cleaned the apartment. 
when i talk to my sister about it we both were super happy
I had a large breakfast which consisted of a lot of bacon. 
An event that made me happy was talking to my sister this morning on the phone after not talking to her for over a week due to time. 
For the first time, I felt a strong urge to kiss this little fairy child. She was so beautiful and adorable that I thanked God for the gift. My mother asked me to hold her and kiss her but I was afraid to touch her as I thought that might hurt her.
when i was talking with my friends about our past memories that made me very happy. i had good time with my friends.
My dog peed on me while he was on the deck and I was underneath him - my wife and I both laughed about this for a really long time
Laying in bed this morning just casually browsing the internet on my phone since it was Sunday and no work.
I made it to church on time this morning even though I was running 10 minutes behind when I left the house.
Today the guy that I am casually seeing called me on his way back home. 
I found my wedding band that was missing for a month.  
I took a nap with my cat.
I worked out for the first time in a couple weeks, and was able to get right back into it.
I made muffins with my son.
I was really glad to have fried  fish for dinner.
For dinner, I went to Texas Roadhouse with my parents.
Watching my favorite show today that airs once a week made me happy.
Getting to sleep in/ fall back asleep after waking up 
I watched a very interesting music documentary on one of my favorite bands.
I had bacon for breakfast. I love bacon. I love making it in the oven so it's nice and crispy. It went great with the pancakes and coffee. Yum.
I ate lunch with my mom, something I haven't done in quite awhile.
Getting a text from my daughter telling me she misses me and when am I going to visit her. 
I ordered a hamburger and french fries for lunch out and knew I would enjoy eating them.
Completing these HITs. It really makes me reflect back on the positive things that happened in my life and focusing on those rather than the negatives. :) 
I took an afternoon nap which is a rare occurrence! 
Getting caught up on my laundry for this week, makes me happy for the whole next week as well.  
I can remember many happy moments in my life in last night at the same day my friend call me and invite for a dinner am so happy after receiving  invitation,we are dinner at outside restaurant that day very happy.
A beer I really enjoy was on sale at the grocery store, so I stocked up.
I finished my weekly cleaning routine.
I got encouragement from my grandpa regarding my progress in college.
Family dinner on Sunday was delicious and a nice time as a family!
We had a really cool thunderstorm. 
I noticed my skin is clearing up. 
Had delicious barbecue for lunch.
I ate a piece of my son's birthday cake.
I visited a wedding venue where I observed the area and spoke to someone about my sister's upcoming wedding next year.
It's opening day for Major League Baseball.  Go Red Sox!
I was able to complete some homework in a timely manner so that I could spend some time relaxing.  
I found out I received a $25 bonus check from my credit card company.
I was happy to get some good news regarding my job.
I PURCHASED A NEW BLUE COLOR SOFT PURSE,WHICH I LIKED VERY MUCH.WHICH MAKES  ME HAPPY.
I watched a few YouTube videos about kittens and puppies, and it very was uplifting and soothing for me.
I've been marathoning Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and I reached the end of the third season. 
I walked the dog.
I reflected for a few minutes last night and wrote in my journal.  
I lit my new candle this evening, which smells great and reminds me of home.
I took myself out for coffee and read a good book. 
My neighbor didn't bother me today.
Getting a bonus of $5 on Mturk.
Cuddling with both of my dogs in my chair.
It made me happy to see my stepkids have fun and play with the rest of my family at a kids birthday party. It was nice to see them be happy and playing.
My girlfriend sent me a text message saying she loves me.
I played some online poker.
This evening I took a hot, steamy, awesome shower that felt amazing and really relaxed my tense muscles.
I went to the cannabis shoppe and acquired some edibles.
My husband ran to the store for me.
My daughter showed me her book that she created, that has many of her Bible verses in it.
The kitchen was clear of dishes this morning and this made breakfast that much more enjoyable.
Saved on this weeks shopping
Ordered some take out food for dinner.  The cashier remembered me and asked how I was doing.
I got to watch interesting YouTube videos last night before falling asleep which was a nice way to fall asleep. 
I had a pleasant conversation with my mom on Facebook. 
I bought a new album on itunes
The Keurig brewed me the most perfect cup of coffee this morning.
I was able to secure a spot on a affordable housing project in San Francisco in the mission bay area. This will really help to decrease my rent payments 
I received a bonus yesterday from my work here in mturk which is really nice.
Playing the Super Nintendo 
I played a board game with a lot of friends and they liked it so much that we are going to play it again tonight.
I bought two pairs of shorts that fit very well at American Eagle and used a 20% off coupon.
I was able to be really productive today.  I got so much work done.  
I hung up the painting my girlfriend made me.
 I was able to talk to a relative  over the phone that I have spoke with in quite some time. 
It makes me happy knowing that my car will be fixed from hail damage by the end of next week.
I had some Sonic for dinner.
Being able to relax and watch some tv.
We got " to go " food and I didn't have to cook!
Watched one of my favorite shows on Netflix.
I watched sports on TV.
I had a most delicious beef roast dinner with my brother.
My sister got me a second-hand drum set that was posted for free on a community listserv page.
It was nice out after work today for the first time in a few months so I rode my bike home, felt awesome
My wife and I watched the Disney movie Moana last night, and it was fun to have a movie night together for the first time in a long time.
Found an item that I thought was lost.
I bought myself a new couch and love seat.
I flirt with all girls in my get together.
I finished an online assessment for a potential employer and scored very high.
I was very happy to see an old friend.
I was able to get tickets earlier this morning, with an early sale, to a big soccer match at Gillette Stadium this summer.
Fowler tried to fake Lester out and steal second base, and he's such an amiable dude that I can't help but be happy for the day.
today i saw a friend from high school
I went to the library with my baby, and I picked up a book I had on hold.
My husband and I hung our DIY headboard.
I watched the movie sherlock holmes
watched a comedy special on tv
My son has prepared well for his test today; his efforts and confidence assures me and makes me happy that he will do well in this test.
I won $5.00 on a $1.00 scratch off.
I spent the day with my three year old daughter.
me and my sister went to meet our parents
It made me happy watching the season finale of my husband's favorite show with him.
Won a trophy at a basketball game 
Finished putting up a fence in the yard with mike.
I made a really funny comment on a forum and got a lot of likes; it made me feel smart.
Lots of great tv shows on tonight
My family got to go out for pizza with our friends.
I read more information about the Trump-Russia connections, and it seems like there's a possibility that he gets impeached or resigns.
When I finally got to take a shower. After a long day of cooking and being on my feet a nice long hot shower hit the spot.
My father has returned
yesterday i went to my school where i studied from 1-4, there was cultural programme going on and i watched it and fallen to the world of memories, i met few of my teachers there ,many of them have retired and obviously a happy moment
Taking an afternoon nap.
I watched a really funny webseries on YouTube that I really enjoy and can't get enough of.
There is a good chance I've been approved to adopt a rescue dog. 
I place an order for a game compilation that I was hesitating on.
Baking with my girlfriend.
I saw the progress report of a coworker that I have been helping out and it looked fantastic, which made me very happy.
I got a haircut that I needed forever yesterday.
I completed a few projects I had for the weekend and got them completed.
Our dog learned some new tricks.
yesterday midnight My cousin sister gave birth to twin babies which was very surprising and is very happy to hear that we got twins in our family. 
Biking to my friend's show
My son took a long nap that allowed me to get a lot of yard work done this afternoon.
Relaxed to watch some television and work on some surveys then my cat jumped on my lap purring away, made me so happy. 
Playing a computer game
I went to yoga. 
I was last happy when I saw my kids after a few hours. While I was gone to a baby shower, they were with my husband. They were happy to see me and we gave each other big hugs. 
All my friends give me gifted a bike as on my birthday and arrange the party thats the happiest event for me.
I was able to sleep in this morning until 10am.
I met some new friends in a cool bar and listened to some good music.
I found out Prison Break was coming back for a fifth season. 
I streamed videos with my long distance best friend.
I went for a long relaxing walk.
I had a nice chat on the phone with a good friend.
Some people that I saw on the streets and in a grocery store today made me moderately happy.
I took some nice pics of the airport at night all lit up. It was pretty.
My husband got off work early.
I finally felt well-rested after being a little off my sleep schedule.
I won several matches in a row in the video game street fighter V. 
I received phone call from officials I was not expecting of, it made me happy because the call rewarded my expectations.
After a long time Today I received a bonus for the task I have done and it is really a huge amount that I never received before. I am in full of joy and happiness for that reward
I went to a party with my friends.
I saw one of my old friends yesterday and he said that I look young.
I watched the movie tarzan this morning 
My mom sent me a card in the mail for Easter. 
I was able to get my tires repaired from road damage for free because it was covered by warranty. I was expecting it to be expensive.
I went to footlocker and bought new shoes
I went out to dinner
Celebrated a family member's 30th birthday
Donated blood.
I earned some extra money doing a survey and this made me happy.
Getting my washing machine fixed!!!
I rubbed my face in the clean laundry.
I got a large tip at work today
I watched a funny movie. 
Eating a hearty and healthy meal. 
My husband's nanny and papaw called me tonight just to say that they loved me and wanted me to know that they were thinking of me and praying for me.
Today was my day off of work and it was very nice relaxing and watching baseball.
Tonight I watched a TV program I like with two cats on my lap and my husband by my side.
Another one of these HITs was posted!
We took our daughter to the park to swing.
I managed to work a few hours today.
Was vacuuming carpet and found money under the couch.
Eating candy made me happy, it was white chocolate. 
My son is very naughty boy his gave a small party to his father and me in hotel he ordered our favourite desert which is very lovely
I got to visit with my husband's family this weekend.
My family grilled out.  This made me happy to be with my family and enjoy a great meal.
the celtics beat the knicks and retained the one seed in the east. 
In the last few hours i meet my brother he came from UK After 5 years back my family meet them we are so happy after visit my brother,that day we celebrate a lot at my home with my brother and family.
Seeing a friend that I hadn't seen in a longer time than usual.
Tonight I went to the gym, this made me happy because working out and being at the gym makes me feel good about myself. 
I made a good amount of money on mturk
I baked some cookies, and they turned out perfect.
Paying off some debt, yes lawd!
Reading someones silly Facebook post.
I played pool with my friends today and won.
My niece wrote a mad libs story about me that was my little pony themed  and that featured me acquiring a picture of a "truck" on my "haunches."
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

Watching the new Rick and Morty.
I applied for a promising-looking job posting, which made me feel hopeful about leaving my current dead-end job.
I spend all day with my family, outside of town.
I had sushi with my family.
The dining hall had my favorite dessert.
For dinner tonight, my wife made breaded pork chops.  This is in the top 5  of my favorite foods.
I had pancakes with my coworkers this morning, and got to work a shorter shift today which was relatively easy and enjoyable. 
I had a long discussion with my friend and helped him through a troubling time.
My wife and I got to sleep in the same bed together for the first time in two weeks.
I did not get hungover after drinking last night
Finishing an exam.
Yesterday i met my  old friend and he did not recognize me and after telling him one story which we used to share with each other he recognized me and i was very happy and i chatted with him for a long time and he brought back my old sweet memories.
My friend said yes to being the DJ for my upcoming wedding. 
I listened to a new episode of S-Town.
I spent time filming a project today with my friends and it felt great to accomplish our goal.
I talked to friend that I spoken to in a while on the phone.
Finishing taxes.  Happy in that there's a relief that it's over.
yesterday night  my friend's birthday party, last Saturday evening, we went for a dinner in an north Indian restaurant after that we play a little bit games with my friends in outside we are celebrates a wonder full day that.
I did a very great yoga session at a new studio along with about 100 other people, the largest amount of people I have shared my practice with.
I found my fitbit charger as I've been trying to locate it for the past few weeks.
I made a good amount of money on Mturk yesterday.
Going to the park with my son.
I ate some really good nachos with lots of cheese, guacamole and sour cream. Great!
I got some exercise that I needed very much.
I met up some friends for dinner and chitchat.
I WAS SURFING IN THE INTERNET AT HOME
My favorite TV show (Rick and Morty) had a surprise debut on April Fool's Day.
The Warriors won the game.
I went shopping and found a dress for my graduation ceremony.
I ordered a new subscription of Game Informer magazine, my favorite publication.
I had a fun conversation about movies with my coworker.
When I reached home safely driving 300 miles.
The illness I was experiencing all week finally went away yesterday and I feel back to normal again.
I had some taquitos in the fridge, and they were the flavor that is my favorite. 
I went for a run to clear my head and relieve stress.
Watching the Grand Prix in long beach made me very happy.
an event that made me happy in the last 24 hours is when my son learned another letter. we work on letter everyday and sometimes he struggles but today he learned the letter f and seeing his progress makes me happy
I bought a new shirt that I can't wait to wear.
Listened to my fave music
I ate a steak, green beans, and corn on the cob for supper.
I received a phone call from a friend.
Getting to snuggle and read books with my son.
Finishing and tasting my first crockpot beef stew and finding it to be delicious.
I facetimed with my boyfriend for an hour.
I met with a friend who I have not seen in months.  We had a chance to catch up and talk about life.  
I got a pizza, it has all my favorite toppings on it.
Exercising for more than 40 minutes with the stationary bike and an elliptical.
I went to church and the speech by the priest was inspiring.
I finished studying for one of my major exams coming up and now I feel much better.
I made some cool clothes for my kid. 
Taking my son to a home depot to build an easter egg basket.
Knowing tonight was WRESTLEMANIA !!
My boyfriend make me sausage and sauerkraut, one of his specialties. 
I made mango shake with a twist, and it came out delicious, and everybody liked it.
I m very happy when in my office our project team celebrate together for approved our project.
My son came to visit in order to get my advice on how to get the most out of his first conference and how to present well.  
Today, I received a gift from my wife as a token of love and I am very happy.
I had no major commitments today and got to relax.
The lift in my residence apartment which was out of order for last 3 days got repaired today
The sun was unexpectedly out in the morning.
I am really into watching basketball, so I felt really happy to watch the NCAA Final Four. I thought I wouldn't have time this weekend, but it was great to see Gonzaga win because this was their first time in this tournament. i'm always happy to see under dogs win.
I talked to my brother and we talked about our satisfying days - mine with mom and my aunt, his with his grandson.
I saw some high schoolers that I mentor at Wal-Mart and they came running over to give me a hug.
I got my entire yard cleaned up and it looks great!
The girl I'm dating sent me a picture of her smiling. 
I accomplished all of my to-do list.
I took some photos of dahlias in the garden and processed them.
Today I was happy when my mother in law baked fresh cookies that I was able to eat. Due to several food allergies, I am usually unable to eat any home made baked goods.
My daughter called from across the world and spoke to us for over an hour.
I met my neighbor's son and we played together with my nephew.
I was happy and blessed to see a beautiful sunset today.
Received the blood work test results back on our family dog and it is not as bad as we thought.
I found a recipe that will make cooking chicken noodle soup easy for a class I am teaching.
I got to sleep in this morning.
i go to shopping at the time i say blind person and i helped the cross the road.
I watched the Penguins win on tv
Having a decent night sleep last night.
My puppy was in a mood to play fight, so we proceeded to play fight for a few minutes.
My kindergartener read an entire book by herself at bedtime. 
I made a delicious stirfry for dinner.
Found a new song I really liked.
I got ahead of my homework that I was falling behind in.
I worked at a place I used to spend a lot of time at and was able to help the owners for an evening.
I won the prize in a lottery of $100
I ate a really good meal for dinner.
I went out to lunch with one of my best friends and we had a very good conversation.
Yesterday i went to meditation meetings and i was very happy to know 7 chakras and know how to activate kundalini.
I got to play with a very cute golden retriever puppy.
I cleaned up and straitened up the kitchen, it looked really good.
in my home town one of my classmate  participate local body election, even me also spend day for that. now yesterday, EC announced that he own the in local body election, he is going to meet  state president to celebrate the announcement by next week , still  we are going to job. one of the happiest even , as friend this is one the good new for me also my friends together. 
My mom grilled pork chops for dinner and they were perfectly seasoned.
I was happy when my children went to sleep so I could get on my computer and relax. 
Eating a sub from Publix after I've been craving one for a week.
I got to watch the new Rick and Morty last night.
I had a great comeback in tennis sport after overcoming a brief knee injury.
I got a lot accomplished today and finished organizing my home office.
Checking my NCAA basketball bracket and seeing that i am in second place in my group. 
Used my new Suunto GPS watch to record my navigation on a hike and just downloaded the data and it is super cool.
Helping make sure all my customers found or got what they needed.
When my wife told me that she loves me at bed time made me feel happy and warm inside.
I had a good discussion about life with my friends.
When I shift my new home with my entire family
I had a great meeting with some students (I work at a university), and was so proud of the work they did to accomplish a task.
I got to see her again.
I won the match football between KH vs KT. I scored 2 points and MVP of the match 
The third moment is that at least, I guess, I'm now just a little calm about the situation with my relationships, I'm not really good with them but I know people look up to me it's a lot of stress, however.
I was happy after finding out that there was less traffic on my route to work.
When I got a compliment at work from a customer.  I was very happy to hear that and appreciate.
I watched a movie with my son on the couch, a nature documentary about venomous animals.
I had to go to the mall for the above two events and was able to find a parking spot within a few minutes of arriving.  That mall is super busy all the time and it takes rounds of circling to find a spot.
A little superstition of mine, but i found a grasshopper nearby my apartment, so i consider i'll be having some good luck within the next few days.
I enjoyed today, a beautiful clear day with just a light breeze so I went for a walk and greeted one of our neighbors who was also walking.
I got free 5 gb mobile data from my service provider as a surprise gift.
My daughter answered a question of mine using  words that I didn't realize were i her vocabulary. 
I was happy when my husband was able to get our car running and to be able to get to the grocery store yesterday.
The most happiest moment in my life is when my bestfriend Divya and i went to Bluerose and have a great bonding moment between the two of us.We climbed the highest tower there and made fun from the black ape.
We also rent a bike so we can explore more about the place. 
I fixed a glitch in my cable service by tightening a connection.
I was happy when I transferred money to my bank account.
Playing my favorite video game.
My daughter is learning to read.  At the library she picked out a book all by herself and read it from cover to finish without any help.  She was very proud of herself as was I.
Playing games on the tablet with the 6 year old. It's not often that we have a chance to just sit down and play games in the middle of the day, it was fun.
Today I purchased a new shirt today with my favorite color white.
Watching my favorite team (San Antonio Spurs) win.
had a good dinner of pasta 
i got new car from my father so i celebrate this event with my family.so i go to tour with my family. it makes more good values in my time.it gives lot of fun in my time.it is very pleasant in my time.
I saw high school friends that I haven't seen in a few months.
I think that women out there should just be happy with how they look, and they shouldn't really try to conform to any stereotype. Just be happy and, hopefully, healthy.
I had a skype call with my mother and father.
met my school friend accidentally
I got to open the windows and enjoy the fresh air because the weather was beautiful today.
Seeing yet another one of your hits here and reminding me of the happy things that happen daily! Thank you!
Waking up before my alarm goes off
I'd be happy to live till 80 as long as I was comfortable and in good health. Mind you, ask me again on the eve of my 80th birthday. Even so, I hope we don't all start living to be 120. I'm not sure I'd cope with another 60 year
I went to shopping with my sister.
Waking up before my alarm goes off
I had a food that i enjoyed, which made me happy
I started doing exercise again, after a break of 2 months.
 I don't need a fancy party to be happy. Just good friends, good food, and good laughs. I'm happy. I'm satisfied. I'm content.

I spent the day with my family. 
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
My wife told me to take the day off work tomorrow!!
Managed to make over $10 today on mturk and while thats not much money its more than I normally make tinkering around in the afternoon. 
Going to bloody mary bar with my brother.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma.They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
When i care to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to set a bright future in my life.
YESTERDAY I WENT TO MY BROTHER MARRIAGE FUNCTION AND ALSO I SAW MY FRIEND. WE ARE DISCUSS OUR FAMILY LIFE. THAT MOMENT I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
My sleep schedule didn't get ruined after sleeping much later than I normally do.
When I am go to my office. I met my grandpa and grandma.
when I came to my office. I met my grandpa and grandma.
I get to spend time with my daughter.
when i came to my office. i met my grandpa and grandma, they shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life
When I am came to my office I meet my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle 's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get bright future in my life.
Bit the dog but that dog didn't go away what we do don't know
WHEN I CAME TO MY OFFICE. I MET MY GRANDPA AND GRANDMA, THEY SHARED ME ABOUT MY UNCLE'S SUMMER VOCATION TRIP AND BLESSED ME TO GET A BRIGHT FUTURE IN MY LIFE.
I got free lasagna for dinner.
When I am come to my office I me my grandpa and grandma, They shared me about my uncle's  summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life
MY DAUGHTER'S SCHOOL ANNUAL DAY FUNCTION MY DAUGHTERS WON PRIZES SO, I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
AM GOING TO MY GRANDMOTHER HOUSE WITH MY SISTERS AND VERY ENJOYING HAPPINESS THAT MOMENT
I dropped off a large box of items to the Goodwill for a donation.
YESTERDAY I WAS PRESENTED SMALL GIFT IN MY BEST FRIEND.
I called my mother to wish her a happy birthday and tell her how much I lover her.
YESTERDAY WE WENT TO THE MOVIE WITHOUT MISSING OUT ANYONE OF MY FAMILY MEMBERS MADE ME VERY HAPPY .WE ENJOYED AT THE CORE.ITS UNFORGETTABLE MOMENT.
I won 100% cash back on my purchase from a mega store yesterday, i am so happy.
Remembering I had left-over tacos when I was looking for lunch yesterday.  
I earned profit from my new business. 
When I am come to my office I me my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
My old friend from high school contacted me and I haven't talked to him in over a year.
I finished my Italian homework
It was pleasantly warm today. 
yesterday i took dinner with my friends and i am very happy that moment
I spent time drinking with friends and discussing life.
After finishing my lunch yesterday i spend 2 hours with my parents and talked more about that makes me very happy after long days.
I was able to stay within schedule of my priority list for today and got to study for my midterm 3 days in advance. 
I went and got my nails done,
Yesterday i propose my love. She accept my love,and i am so happy the moment,she present a greetings card and i am also gave a gift. Then we saw the picture in theatre.Then we return their home.We spoke 30 minutes in phone,i am so happy &enjoy the moment.
I played some NBA 2k17 on PS4.
Eating Organic Apple Pie.
My family went to bed early so I had time alone.
I WENT TO THE TEMPLE AT THE MORNING TIME.THERE I SAW A LADY WITH MENTALLY AFFECTED.SO I WANT TO HELP HER AND I HANDED OVER THE LADY IN TO THE CHARITY HOSPITAL.NOW SHE WAS SECURED AND WELL TREATED BY THE HOSPITAL AND I FELT VERY HAPPY FOR HER AND MYSELF.
When I am came to my office. I me my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
My kid read a story to me that they made.
Went to the gym. 
This is cheesy, but it was a really quiet day so I need to reach deep.  I was happy to see that most of my Sunday shows (Bob's Burgers, Simpsons, Family Guy, that dumb time travel show, etc.) were new tonight.  It's a very small happiness compared to winning the lottery or not dying in a fire, but those things did not happen to me so we take what we can get.  Those shows amuse me and I am also happy that I can take a couple hours and enjoy them.
Making eye contact with the person you were looking for in a crowd.
I got a 50% discount on my meal when I found a coupon in my wallet I forgot I had.
When I came to my office , I met my grandpa and grandma . They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to set a bright future in my life.
I went to Yoga and Meditation class.
I took my daughter to the park and pushed her on the swing for the first time.
I WENT TO BROWSING CENTER
i went to shopping
I WENT TO MOVIE
I prepared chicken soup in my home.It was so tasty that I ever feel the taste.
I WENT TO MOVIE
evening went to theme park played dry games and water games with my children
I took a hot shower at the tail end of my day.
I WENT TO PARK
The happiest people in the world are those who feel absolutely terrific about themselves, and this is the natural outgrowth of accepting total responsibility for every part of their life.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I visited my friends home and has a party.
I went to yoga class.
Being pregnant is supposed to be the happiest time in your life.
Finishing my grades submission ahead of time for once
I planned for upcoming week and felt really productive, that made me happy.
When my nephew returned from school and ran to hug me.
My best friend came to my house and gave a lovely shirt as a gift.
evening went to theme park played dry games and water games with my children
going to beach
My girlfriend sent me happy pictures of yoshis
My favorite basketball team won team games in the past 24 hours.
I WENT TO MOVIE
My husband and I cooked an apple crisp together, which was a lot of fun to do, and eat after. 
I saw the new Triple X movie.  
I ate breakfast with my family.
I ordered a piece of merchandise online. 
i was happy when i saw the warriors win
Yesterday i celebrated my son's birthday. all my relatives and family members gathered together. After 10 years all our family members gathered. It was surprising to me.
I found an unclaimed $5 bill at a gas station.
That the customer service employee on the phone spoke English. 
I took a small nap.
YESTERDAY I GOT APPRECIATED BY MY DAD FOR THE FIRST TIME OF MY LIFE.BECAUSE I GOT THE RESULT AND I PASSED MY GRADUATION WITH FIRST CLASS.SO I FELT VERY HAPPY
I managed to fix a minor problem with the frames of my eyeglasses, which had been bothering me.
I had a big, tasty lunch which consisted of a burger, fries, and a chocolate malted milkshake.
I went to shopping mall and had a little purchase. 
My entire family are in a different country. My aunt and two of my cousins are visiting my Mom. Because it's so expensive to talk on the phone we usually just send emails and whatsapp messages but today I got to speak to my Mom, my aunt and my cousins. It feels wonderful to reconnect with my family. Today was a very good, happy day!
i went to meet my lover to day morning
THE BORD EXAM FOR THE SCHOOL FINAL ENDED DAY BEFORE LAST DAY  AND MY DAUGHTER WORKING IN AN IT COMPANY GAVE HER PRECIOUS TIMES  TO HELP ONE HANDICAPPED STUDENT BY WRITING HER ANSWER PAPER IN THE EXAM HALL WITH PRIOR PERMISSION AND HOPE GOD'S BLESSING WILL BE WITH MY DAUGHTER AND THIS MADE ME FEEL VERY VERY HAPPY.
I found money while doing laundry.
I got the chance to see my sister happy because she broke her wrist and today she's happy because she can use both her hands to comb her hair.
I found my Nintendo 2Ds after it was missing for a few days
Yesterday, my sis birthday an celebrated her birthday and enjoy lot with my brother.
I finished a challenging homework assignment and did a good job on it. 
I saw a big sale on crab legs and bought enough to last me for a long time.
today my aunty did all my kitchen work that made feeling relaxed and comfortable. so i am happy in the morning.
I spent the afternoon hanging out with my friends and serving the community.
I called my mom and we talked for a while.
I talked about stocks and investing with friends at a cafe.
A chill out with my buddies last evening was simply awesome
I WENT TO HOUSE
I was really happy that I was able to arrive at my home from my girlfriend's apartment without running into large amounts of traffic on the road. 
my best friend called me she was my school friend and she was my best friend. it make me happy to talk her.
i met with my dream actor, in a train. he s my favorite hero now.
My son won the title for summer camp Martial Arts Champion.
It made me happy to be able to play my Mario game
i am really happy that i get to work on this hit for a long time. it is always made me really happy. i am wondering this guy giving all the chance to all of this people.and i love the movies that made me really happy always .
I talked to my parents on the phone for about a half hour, and it was super nice talking with them and catching up.
after long time one of the important  person in the church she came to me and speak us. my other friends jealousy. 
While walking on roadside I got some money on the roadside, that moment make me feel happy.
My dog came up to me and started snuggling and kissing me.
I went to the gym and had a good workout and the weather was perfect.
I got a profit in currencies market with my own method that moment made me feel happy.  The profit that I made is small but I feel happy.
I'm happy because I will get my salary today and go to a restaurant. There I can relax and relax with my friends.
I went for Sunday church gathering and that made me happy.
My lunch was very tasty.
This is a small event...  I was cold this morning so I took a long hot shower.  I really enjoyed warming up by having hot water flow over me.
i went with my wife and son for purchase and had a lovely evening
I ate some thai food. Its been awhile. i used to live in thailand so it is hard for me to get a good plate of thai food. Plus I am on a diet so it was the first time I ate real food in two months :). 
My friends came over and collected my laptop for repair yesterday morning. I felt happy meeting them
and handing over the laptop.
I made something for my significant other that made him happier.
Today i spoke with my parents .
The last bit of snow in our back yard melted.
morning we had  a meditation camp in the wellness centre felt immense pleasure and happy perfect way to kick start a wonderful day
When i reached home, i said to my husband that i gave food to an old lady who was begging for food, my husband hugged me and said that what i did is a big thing and he is proud of me. 
YESTERDAY MY MOM CALL ME AND SAID THAT SHE BOUGHT A NEW CAR.IT MADE ME VERY HAPPY.BECAUSE IT WAS HER DREAM IN HER LIFE TIME.HER DREAM COMES TRUE.
I was very happy when I sat down to eat my sirloin steak for dinner tonight.
My daughter helped me to clean the house
I was happy on seeing this hit again , if I share things I feel my happiness is doubled.
I had a conversation with my kids, just the 3 of us.  They were well spoken, knowledgeable, and able to have an interactive conversation. 
I spent all day relaxing and had no obligations to bother me
I finished editing a huge project; doing the project under the deadline of leaving for my parents sucked, but sending the email with the document attached was awesome.
I went bikeriding today. It was nice to go bikeriding because I was listening to this indie band and just cruising down my neighborhood and I could feel the wind brushing past me. It was really relaxing and also felt really good and freeing to just move my muscles and keep active. Thus, I was happy!
I made it to the end of the day
I just realize that my money savings is enough to buy myself my first ever electric guitar. I am very excited.
i drive the car to day morning
I ate a meal that was especially delicious at a restaurant. 
My husband took me to the shopping mall and I was happy roaming in the mall.
Kissed my girlfriend last night before dropping her off at home. 
On a holiday, I was sitting in my room after finishing my home work. As my friends were away to hill stations, I was feeling very lonely. I watched the cars and other vehicles passing by and wished that like my friends, I would also have been travelling or passing my time.

While my mind was occupied with thoughts of holidays and having fun with my friends, the door bell rang. I ran to answer it and found the postman with a parcel and a letter for me.

I signed the paper and took the parcel. My hands were itching to open the packet as my curiosity knew no bounds. I ripped the parcel open and found a beautiful tape recorder in it. The parcel had been sent from the United States and the letter along with it was from my uncle who had sent me that wonderful gift.

However, even more joy than receiving the tape recorder was the letter which my uncle had written. The letter was an invitation to go to the United States for my holidays. My uncle had arranged everything for me-the tickets and the visa, and I already had a passport.

My heart skipped several beats as I ran to give this great news to my mother. She was taken aback initially and her first reaction was not so positive.

However, she thought about it, consulted my father who was at his office and they both agreed to allow me to go to the United States to spend the rest of my holidays with my uncle.

I jumped from room to room and started packing my clothes, my toys, my books and other articles that I would need on the flight and in America. My mind was filled with various ideas about how I would spend my time with my cousins. I started dreaming about Disney world, Universal studios, the Statue of Liberty, the Grand Canyon and all the other tourist attractions that I had read about in magazines.

My father took me shopping the same day because he felt that I would need some more things to take with me. We bought gifts for my cousins and my uncle and aunt and when I came back home my cupboard was full of new clothes, shoes, gifts, etc.

Since I had not expected any such thing to happen to me, and I had been feeling sorry for myself, this offer came as a great surprise. This was indeed the happiest day of my life and I don't think I shall ever forget it as long as I live.
I finally ate fast food after cooking all week.
I managed to get cheap housing for my internship this summer. 
I can not remember too much from my young childhood, besides the warm feeling from sitting in a basket of laundry just come from the dryer, my dad teaching me how to ride a bike, and the days my mom would pick me up from grade school and we would eat and talk at Arthur Treacher's while we were waiting for my brothers to finish school. And I can remember one vacation with my family by the seashore when I was very young, when my grandmother showed me how to dig for clams, as well as a trip to Disneyland where we stayed in a loft with a circular staircase surrounded by orange trees. All of these memories leave me with happy, warm feelings about my childhood. I also remember playing with my brothers and reading in my room a lot and other minor incidents, but these more mundane memories don't really carry the same emotional weight.
I could tie sari well even I was doing it after a long gap.
I had something good to eat tonight.
Finishing some tiresome paperwork.
Normally we have sex whenever we get time. After we came from the engagement ceremony I could not resist to look at my wife who was looking very sexy. I took her in my hands. She also did not resist. and finally we had a very satisfying sex.
I ate one of my favourite foods for dinner (sushi).
The world evolves a drip at a time.  
YESTERDAY MY FRIEND CALL ME FROM U.S.A.WE DISCUSS MORE ABOUT OUR COLLEGE DAYS THAT MADE ME VERY HAPPY.
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
I got the news of my promotion to a higher post.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
I though of a way to solve a programming issue I am having in one of my classes.
I gave a whole meal from Whataburger to a homeless man who was very grateful.
I watched the new episode of Rick and Morty.
I weighted myself on the scale and saw a move in the right direction. 
Nowadays, happiness is a fuzzy concept and can mean many different things to many people. Part of the challenge of a science of happiness is to identify different concepts of happiness, and where applicable, split them into their components. Related concepts are well-being, quality of life and flourishing. At least one author defines happiness as contentment.[6] Some commentators focus on the difference between the hedonistic tradition of seeking pleasant and avoiding unpleasant experiences, and the eudaimonic tradition of living life in a full and deeply satisfying way
I got a $15 return for a toy that my puppy didn't like so now I can get him one he actually does.
Had a nice big lunch at a good restaurant with my boyfriend and a good friend. 
I dropped expensive technology and it still works well after.
Today, I found a song that I have been searching for a long time.

The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
I ate dinner.
I rescued several drowning insects from the pool this morning.
After the concert, the choir celebrated a birthday for one of our members and it was a blast
My favorite author just announced a new book coming this summer.
I found new music that I enjoy
My son got to go to the science fair for judging and awards. He received an honorable mention. After we went to eat at Black Bear Diner. 
I felt a new sense of meaning in life.
In the function he first price medal was given and praised by my coach that I would grow as USAIN BOLT. 
My wife helped me with my project
My husband helped me do the dishes
I found my lost laptop charger. I had lost it weeks ago and we thought it had been trashed but we found it today while cleaning so I dont need to spent $150 on a new one
I watched a great episode of Black Sails.  I think it was the series finale and it ended great.  There was a decent sense of closure to the whole show.  
because today holiday school for my baby she is playing with me make interesting life
I made great time in my road trip home, from Indianapolis to Chicago.
I had a client tell me that she loved the sneak peek images from her daughter's senior photo session.
Yesterday morning i went to market to purchase the vegetables and milk. I forget my wallet at home. I have completed the shopping and ready to give the money shop owner, insert the pant pocket to take the wallet. Nothing in my pocket. I was shocked and thinking about when came out from home with wallet. How can i miss my wallet. Yes my wallet was in another pant. I was wear some another pant. Okay leave it. I told to shop owner sorry sir please cancel my orders i don't have money. i was forget to comes with my wallet, sorry sir. That shop owner told, no problem sir please take it don't cancel the order. Bring the money tomorrow. I hope you so much you never cheat me. Because i know about you. Every weekend i saw you at church, you helping lot of peoples and caring lot. So i know about you very well. I was really excited and very happy!!!. I thanked to that shop owner and afternoon i gave money to that shop owner for my purchase. Very good peoples. God is great. Thank you god!!!!!. Thank you.
I could go out and work in the field. 
I was finally able to make a fruit cake for my family
I was happy when my partner gave me a lovely massage
My partner and I went to dinner after the baby shower and had a nice relaxing meal.
My grandmother is visiting us.
I cooked a rice pudding for my family and it turned out to be a really good one. I got appreciation from one and all which made my day.
I went to office and had to meet a new client. The meeting was for defining the company products to the client and get the deal. I got the big order and it is great. I felt I achieved something big.
I tested out the new version of Construct, a game programming engine that I use.
Got a great deal on things my child needs for his disabilities. 
i went to my favorite place for dinner.
I was happy when I spent time with my family because we don't get to do it often. 
I have bought new sofa and it made me happy
Happy people rarely keep clutter around the house because they know that extra belongings weigh them down and make them feel overwhelmed and stressed out. Some studies have concluded that Europeans are a lot happier than Americans are, which is interesting because they live in smaller homes, drive simpler cars, and own fewer items.
My son showed me his progress card issued in his school yesterday. He got "A" grade and also he is the class topper. I am filled with joy and felt very proud of my son. He also added that his teachers & principal appreciated him for his overall performance, good behaviours and personality.
My girlfriend called me yesterday and we talked about sweet nothings.
i helped a homeless person who was in need and provided him shelter and food and i felt very proud and happy
My husband let me sleep while he took care of the baby, gave him his bottle and put him to bed.
I finally got around to starting working out. I'd been putting it off for the past few months and it felt great to finally have some progress to show.
I got a confirmation email that a video game I had ordered online has shipped.
Before work, I stopped by Taco Bell for dinner and had to wait a few minutes extra for my food. For the inconvenience, they gave me some free cinnamon twists.
I found and bought an amazing three piece illuminating candle set on sale for $9.99 at a local gift shop in my town!
I got to have a makeover as I was going on a date with my husband. This has been a long time coming. 
In the past 24 hrs I went an attended my nephews annual day n I was so happy to see him dancing n acting in a play .
I was able to Skype with my parents and show them my new place.
Came to know about my flatmate's wedding date confirmation.
i bought unstitched materials and bangles for my wife.
I watched a movie with my boyfriend and we cuddled.
When my son sang a song to make my uncle smile who was unwell. 
While playing in an online RPG today I came up with a good idea that everyone seemed to find both humorous and practical.  
When we returned from the beach,we went to a restaurant for having the dinner.
Prepared biryani for the first time
to day my family members going to joke picture. that picture seen i am very happy.
watching tv
When I met my old friend in the mall and we shared childhood memories we cherished. 
I go a lot of chores done around the house today. They were on the to do list for a while. They were things like putting the snow shovels away. Welcome to spring cleaning.
it made me happy to finish my goal of studying french this morning.
Getting home and not having to cook dinner. 
got oil massage on morning session
done a good and enjoyable intercourse
I performed great in bed
Right now I am really happy because my manager asked me to take a day off tomorrow. I am planning to take my family to a road trip to Munnar just to escape from the routine drudgery and hot climate
I spent some time playing with my cat which I always enjoy!
I learned my favorite band is releasing a new album very soon. 
Got good performance rating from my manager
I ate lunch at my favorite pizza diner. The food was delicious and I had a great time eating out with my friend. 
Yesterday, I woke up and went to the gym to exercise.
Bought two new balls for my son.
Had a lovely dinner with my wife, she prepared one of my favourite dishes !
I found a good new car that I can lease. Met with the car salesman and Im getting ready to purchase a new car!
I had some good pizza.
I was able to go outside in the sun and not need to wear a jacket.
I took a hot shower in a clean, hotel bathroom and felt refreshed.
My mom bought me my favorite fast food snack.
I found a lot of the items i was looking for at the grocery store on sale and were really cheap so i ended up buying more than i normally do and still saved about $20 off of my bill!
I found some extra chewing gum. 
My dog cuddled with me all day
I had a good workout.
Wife and I had a great dinner out.
I was at the grocery store and was able to help an elder with their groceries.
My husband took over the driving for hours on a long trip.
I was able to get in touch with an old friend 
I've been watching a television series and an event I've been hoping for finally came to fruition.
I received an opportunity to volunteer to prepare meals for senior citizens next week and I accepted.
Today my friend gave me lunch buffet for his birthday and enjoyed it.
Attended Yoga classes in the morning. Learnt about Surya Namaskar.
My friend and I played a game of cards.
Everyday in night my mom have something a new story to tell me and now it become my habit to listen something from her. It is a great feeling which makes me happy.
I have went to attend my friend marriage party yesterday night and met one of my school friend after a long time.
Had a really good dinner last night, best one all week.  My wife has a flair for meals and Sundays are starting to become a tradition in the house of the best food night of the week.
I was able to go to church and sing and praise God for all the blessings He has given me.
Another event that made me happy was seeing that the flowers I planted are growing. 
My mama got promotion and he conveyed me today. I felt happy and asked treat for promotion
My new Xbox One video game Mass Effect: Andromeda arrived from Amazon via UPS delivery.
My daughter completed a swimming skills test for a job and it went very well for her.
I was happy that I beat the second main dungeon in the new Zelda game
my village
Found out my favorite TV show is going to start in a month
I listed the items I found in Walmart online for sale. There should be no time between purchase and resale. I took pictures and created listings.
Going all in with AJ in no limit hold em poker on a board of JJ10 and winning a 3way pot of over $300 at the casino.
the other event which made me happy today was when i saw tv interview of my favourite actress priyanka chopra in tv today.she is my favourite actress and i just lover her. today suddenly when i saw her interview in tv i became very excited and she made my day.i follow her in social media everyday. watching her live interview was fun today.
Sitting at the picnic bench outside with the sun pouring onto my face made me happy.
In the past 24 hours, right before bed for a couple of hours I played The Legend of Zelda - Breath of The Wild on the Nintendo Switch. It's a great game and it makes me happy to relive my childhood in a different way.
Catching up with "The Expanse" on TV
Gas prices had just come down today when I went to fill up my car, and I got the cheaper price.
I  modified my morning smoothie recipe and it tasted pretty great.
I found a pair of shoes that I was looking all over the place for.
I curled up with one of our four cats before bed and did some reading. It was so comforting and relaxing. I really love time I spend with any of my four cats reading.
My wife told me that she loved me and gave me a kiss as she was leaving for work. She does this everyday but I still enjoy it. 
I made plans to go to a comic convention with a friend this summer.
Playing with my child
I read a few stories to my children.
Watch movie at home with my family
My mom brought home some cake from my favorite bakery.
I got the whole garden planted in one day.
I made and ate a burrito bowl. 
Watching the Walking Dead with our friends for the season finale episode.
Making my mom laugh super hard.
I went swimming with some friends of mine, i'm not very good at swimming so I just basically stayed there and just enjoyed the water and talked to everyone.
My wife emptied the dishwasher before I left for work this morning. 
Seeing my best friends new twin boys on Skype.
My children went to bed right away without waking up overnight. They're 3 and 4 years old. We've been having trouble with them waking around 2 -4 AM and it was brutal for awhile.
When I told the students that they performed good on this afternoon's presentation.
I met with my college friends and enjoyed a lot.
I spent part of the day hanging out with my baby chicks.
I was happy when my husband attended Church last night with me instead of staying home and watching television.
Purchased a Air Cooler for my office for working with a cool mind.
The sunshine and fresh air.
My girlfriend picked up some ice cream for me as a present. 
the restaurant i usually eat from surprised me with extra spinach on my local cuisine meal. 
I saw a beautiful eagle flying over my house last night. 
I realized one of my favorite moves was available and sat down with my family to watch it with popcorn.
I one a big battle on a video game 
I got to see some family and spend time with them
My daughter who is only 5 years old had been playing around in the park. All of a sudden she stopped playing and ran to me to give me a hug and then again she ran away and started playing.
I received a new component in the mail for my computer monitors to run simultaneously 
Yesterday I had my favorite grilled cheese sandwich for dinner, it was delicious. 
Our family went to Buca Di Beppo for my father-in-law's birthday and the food was delicious.
I made a turkey sandwich for dinner that tasted very good.
I ran into a former co-worker at church and had a pleasant visit which was nice since we hadn't seen each other in several years. 
My husband and I watched "That 70s show" on Netflix, which is one of my favorite shows. It made me laugh out loud and just feel glad.
I talked with my dad on the phone 
spent about an hour hiking through the woods with my dog Charlie
Listened to the first Saviour Machine Album in its entirety (hard to do with the two small children we have).
Enjoyed a tasty cookies with walnuts and coco flakes which were delicious.
we bought a new car and it made me happy 
Watching Pacers have a good game last night made me happy.
I finished all of the errands that I had to run and crossed ~5 things off of my to-do list.
My boyfriend and I made homemade pasta sauce together. 
I took a long walk with a good friend in a nice park with great weather.
My amazon store got a record 3 sales in the same day.
Got new wireless headphones for my iPhone 7 Plus
I talked to a  friend  I haven't talked to in a long time  and  we got cough up  on old times. 
My husband surprised me last night and got us a bottle of wine to share. 
My wife surprised me last night and got us a bottle of wine to share. 
Packing to go on a holiday to visit my boyfriend.
Playing Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild on Nintendo Switch all day Sunday.
I was teaching my kids how to pop the seeds on a flower while we were spending time together out in the yard. It was a beautiful day and lots of fun. 
I watched a really good episode of Futurama on Netflix.
Had sex with my girlfriend after long time 
Mu husband is downstairs right now making me breakfast and it smells really good!
yesterday my brazilian soccer team have winned a match 
My mother gave me a new bureau and my brother helped me move it to my house
I finally reached my goal to buy another newly released game of PS4, Horizon Zero Dawn.
My cat sat on my lap for a little while and let me pet and hug him.
I got dinner with some friends.
I checked my bank balance and found that I had been paid the night before.
KFC for dinner, my favorite!
I brought smoked meat to work for my lunch today, and I'm really happy to eat it.
The day i am go to friend marriage function. seeing my old college friends. remember the college days. its very memorable days. we are celebrated the friend marriage party.i am really very happy and we are enjoyed the day.
Getting to be outside in the sun for the first time in a while.
I finally beat a boss while playing a video game.
I went to work for an expected crisis, but actually turned out to be less serious than expected. 
My husband and I went out to dinner last night together, which makes me happy. 
Sitting down to watch my favorite shows while drinking coffee and eating breakfast. Sunday night is my favorite night for tv, so come Monday I'm excited to sit down and watch!
My wife and I cuddled on the couch and watched "The Americans"
i ride a my bike with top speed 158km/hr it feel window on my face
My son unexpectedly got invited to a circus yesterday. I was happy to find out that he was well behaved and didn't get freaked out (which has happened in the past).
I sang a song and posted it on a website for singing and several people listened to it and told me they thought I sounded really good. I really liked that and it had me smiling really hard.
I received an unexpected check in the mail.
I booked at vacation for the end of this month.  
I got invited to go out next weekend by some friends.
I was able to teach my coworkers a new skill at work.
Walking my dog around the block.
Talked to my parents through phone
play with my friends.
My wife and I got Chipotle for dinner.
My happiest moment probably had to be when I got into my high school!  It is an arts magnet school, so I had to audition to get in.  It was super nerve-wracking but I did it and it is my home away from home now.
I got to spend time with my parents. 
My husband complimented the dinner I made.
I set a new personal record at the gym. 
I'm having a good hair day, with little effort.
I got to sleep late.
WATCH TV WITH THEM
While at the park I was able to get a nice workout in, which made me feel better about myself.  
I was happy when my cat came and snuggled with me while I was watching tv.
I managed to get my rent paid in full and on time (this makes me happy because it means that I do not have to stress about rent).
I was happy to sit outside and enjoy a fire.  
Talking on Skype with my sister who lives on the other side of the country. 
I finished a book I had been working on for awhile.
I was made happy by not having anyone around except my husband. We were able to just be together last night and talk about the events of the weekend.
My wife cut my hair and it looks great.
I found out a friend is also having a baby boy.
I made myself Pasta to eat.
Finalizing plans to move.
when I was smoking at street after completing my work. 
Took a nap in the middle of the day.
I met a nice receptionist at the hotel where my family and I stayed. She upgraded our room at no extra cost. I was thrilled. 
I was happy to see the sun shining this morning.  
Me and my friends played a game of pantomimes and couldn't stop laughing. 
My latest package from Amazon arrived earlier than anticipated. 
Yesterday afternoon, sitting in my favorite wine and beer store, drinking a coffee saison and reading a new book with my boyfriend. It was the perfect way to spend a Sunday afternoon.
Playing basketball with my friends at the gym, as it has been a bonding experience with them, as also has been helping me get ready for the d league.
My husband is less cranky. 
Getting a good nights sleep before work.
We had good friends over for dinner last night and had a great time eating with them and just sitting and talking for a couple of hours, catching up on each others' lives. 
I PURCHASED A GIFT TO MY DAD ON HIS BIRTHDAY
I got to see My fiance play an Ultimate frisbee game.
I had a long conversation with my friend whom I was visiting.
My daughter and I went to the playground and played together.
A new season of one of my favorite TV shows unexpectedly premiered a new season, and me and my husband watched it together.
I rarely get to go out on my own, so I really enjoyed going to a town about 15 minutes away on my own to pick up dinner from a few different fast food places for everyone who was in visiting. 
My favorite N.B.A. team won a basketball game I watched on television. 
I was very happy when I got up this morning and both my kids were still asleep so I could relax and drink some coffee!
I felt happy having made a tasty dinner.
I was craving avocados and the local store had them on sale.
I took my dogs on a long walk yesterday, it's always nice to get some fresh air.
My wife woke me up by rubbing my ass and whispered that this was going to be a very good day for me
My wife and I were reminiscing the days that we first started dating. 
I was watching this TV show called Key and Peele, it's a sketch comedy and they did one skit about "high maintenance chicks" and it was SO funny. I started laughing instantly. They're hilarious!
We made cheeseburgers for dinner. 
My friends trusted me to get an important task done.
I cooked a delicious meal for my family. 
I found the part for my car cheaper than I had originally thought
I was talking to our son and his wife. We had a great conversation. He is doing very well and his wife is super sweet. I was telling them to go see Beauty and the Beast. My son was joking and said he was pretty sure I had already been online looking for behind the scenes info. He was right. We then talked about greek mythology and Grimm's fairy tales and how they have inspired much in movies, literature and art. It was a wonderful fun conversation that reminded me how very blessed I am to have such a sweet wonderful boy. I am also grateful he found a sweet wife.
I got an email letting me know when I'll be able to walk through the house I'm working on buying after some renovations have been made.
I bought new food storage containers to better handle my food. 
I baked some cupcakes. Baking is one of my favorite activities and I haven't had a dessert in a while so this was a pretty good treat.
Every night when I come home from work, my dog is always happy to see me, which makes me happy, no matter what happened prior that day. I'm always happy for an hour or two.
I got to talk to my friend on the phone last night from the internet.
I was able to go out and enjoy a nice dinner with my partner in a new restaurant that we've been wanting to go.
My dad presented a hand bag. I am so happy and excited. 
I earned a high grade on my aircraft test.
I was able to make breakfast for my wife before she left for work, so her day will be better as well. 
My son and I teamed up and played video games last night, which was very fun bonding time together.
I watched a movie with my children.
Watching our two girl dogs run in the fenced in area of the yard playing until they wore themselves out.
Speaking with my neighbor about the pizza oven he in installing and working out a date where he can prepare pizzas and I will setup our 18" outdoor screen so we can watch movies.  
I had a happy moment when there wasnat any traffic on my way into work today.
I made eggs and toast and a smoothie for myself this morning, and it energized me.
I got to eat my favorite meal and desert. 
I was happy because I grilled steaks for the for the family and everyone really enjoyed them.
I got to have a good home cooked meal with my parents
Eating some velvet cupcakes my girlfriend made for us.
I got to take a nap on my day off.
I was happy after everyone in my home went to sleep, and I was able to finish some work.
I spent some time within the last 24 hours playing video games.
My daughter cuddled with me this morning after she woke up.
I played video games
I did my make up this morning and I love doing make up.
Had a day to myself yesterday afternoon to work on some homework.
I play with my dog for a few minutes rolling around.
Yesterday, I got to go on a nice long bike ride as the weather was unusually mild.  
Making it back to my place safe.
My husband and I were thinking of ways to work at home.
I was able to sleep in an extra hour and a half this morning.
I finished my yard work I had planned such as cleaning up where my hosta plants are. 
I spent the evening relaxing at home on my computer. I partook in my usual Sunday evening hobby, 1-2 hours of world of warcraft. It really helps me unwind from a hectic week. 
Watched the walking dead season finale! 
smoking a cigar while playing an old point and click video game
I made strawberry pancakes that turned out amazing.
Went to get my favorite drink from my favorite coffee place. 
My boyfriend cleaned the apartment when we got home yesterday. It is great to be with a person that helps out around the house. 
I went shopping after work at Big Lots and got a lot of food that I couldn't normally afford at a deep discount due to their one day sale.
I got to hold a cat.
I ate a delicious chocolate.
I noticed that my smallest chick, who is not thriving as much as his/her siblings, has grown and is starting to catch up. 
I watched a movie with my girlfriend at my house.
I had a good phone call talk with my mother today, which made me feel very happy.
 A very good friend gave me a hug and said how much they cared for my husband and I. 
I am happy my son was excited to go back to school this morning.
My boyfriend took me out for a nice night on the town.
I went to the park with my kids and watched them run around in the green grass. 
Drinking my daily first cup of coffee
I ended up saving a lot of money on my monthly expenses by changing service providers
i finished all my chores early and had extra free time
i went with my family to a wonderful movie after which we had a delicious dinner at a famous hotel yesterday.
I picked my uncle and aunt who came back from holidays.
What made me happy in the past 24 hours is seeing my friend give birth.
i slept really well last night and now i know i won't be tired today.
My cousin text me this morning and said "Good Morning", she rarely misses a morning saying hello. Even though I'm usually busy with work, I try to find the time to answer her text in return. 
I made myself a good dinner.
My granddaughter smiling a big smile when she saw me.
My family took me to my favorite restaurant for dinner.
I chatted online with my son and he was feeling good and in a hopeful mood.
I ate some good chicken wings. 
My daughter played a song for me on her new clarinet
I was doing yardwork out front, and my five year old came out and told me he wanted to help.
Hearing my 6 year old daughter read a book without having any issues sounding out the words.
I got my period . Means no pregnancy ! 
Sunday evening, my husband went out to eat. We got married on the second of September many years ago. We began a tradition, even when money was VERY tight, to celebrate the second of each month. We still do. 
I watched the newest episode of Rick and Morty with my Fiancee and we had a great time.
Watched my wife play Zelda
I remembered the good times I shared with my recently deceased grandmother.
The St. Louis Cardinals defeated the Chicago Cubs in their first game of the 2017 MLB season.
One thing that made me happy was I got to sleep in this morning because I didn't have to babysit.
I got to watch wrestlemania with some friends for the first time in forever. 
One thing that made me happy in the last 24 hours was taking a nice hot shower.
The sun was shining today, it lifted my spirits immediately.  During my lunch hour I went for a walk in the park behind my office.
The beautiful weather and being able to talk a long walk at lunch time.
a nice cold iced coffee from dunkin donuts
Having some success at work today and staying focused and productive made me feel happy because it made me feel like I was spending my time in a worthwhile way.
r/place was completed and the artwork that I spent the past couple of days defending is permanently in the final image. The reason this is meaningful to me is that my favorite community banded together to draw a message that we all felt strongly about.
I was happy when I got to run my mile with my friend
Some neighbors came over to visit us with their kids and we all went swimming in our pool.
I stayed up until 5am turking and made $20.
happy is my life in Spending time with family makes you less happy then being with friends ... the life of a full-time working architect, mother of two young boys and ... as unhappy as those who have more stable hours during the day. Being sick in bed made us most depressed, reducing well good work by boys in all so happy in my life 
I tried out a new restaurant today.  The food was very delicious.  I really enjoyed my lunch!
I had my girlfriend's family over for dinner yesterday at our new apartment.
I woke up feeling very comfortable and well-rested which is not very common for me.
I was happy to see that my tomatoes I planted sprouted this morning!
I was able to sleep in today because my kids are on Spring Break. 
We went fishing yesterday.
I won a doubles tennis match with my friend as my doubles partner.
My son did really well in the stream selection exam and that's one worry off my chest. I was happy as he can pursue his dreams.
I made a recipe that I've tried several times before, but made some adjustments this time, and it came out much better than usual.
I went to dentist for small hole in gum and she said "biopsy" and I was terrified but got appointment same day with oral surgeon who said does not look like cancer no biopsy needed!

As an extra sentence . . . THANK YOU LORD JESUS!
I got to eat one of my favorite dinners tonight with my husband. 
I stopped at the new Taco Bell this evening to try it out, hadn't been to a Taco Bell for a few years, and ordered the three taco combo and it was actually very tasty, very good.
I finished 4th in an online poker tourney and won 560 bucks.
It was a lovely spring evening as I walked to my favorite place to eat and to my surprise as I looked down in the gutter there was a twenty dollar bill laying there un-wavered.
I went to the movies with my friend today to see the movie Life.
My wife and I woke up early today and went to check out a new breakfast restaurant in our neighborhood and it was very good.
The event that made me happy was when I was able to complete the project at work that I've been working on for days.
I took a nap.
Today I baked brownies they smelled and tasted amazing.
Going out to eat with my husband, enjoying some just-us time and a good dinner.
I got to work today without traffic. It usually takes an hour or longer to get to work, but today I made it to work in 20 minutes.
Yesterday was my birthday. So my friend presented a wrist watch to me. I feel so excited and happy.
I was practicing guitar and I figured out a part of a song that was stuck in my head.
My son came up to me and gave me a hug for no apparent reason.
I bumped into my cousin while I was out shopping and we caught up on things going on in our lives.
I got to play some call of duty black ops yesterday. I thought my xbox controller was broken but it totally worked and I got to play for a few hours! 
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
I made the best omelette for breakfast. It was delicious and filling.
I broke $500 in one day on Mechanical Turk yesterday - not a milestone for me, as my record was higher than that, but it was a very, very good day.
I was able to sit down and watch the whole NCAA Men's basketball championship last night after my wife and daughter went to sleep.
I stepped outside my home and experienced that fresh smell after it rains.
I found a brand of shortbread cookies that I like, a lot.
Completing all of my household chores and getting to relax.
My husband told me he booked us a weekend trip away in two weeks to celebrate our anniversary.
My father, who I care for full time, was able to get out of bed today and walk for ten minutes.
At work, one of our vendors brought me a Star wars Death start fathead then came over and installed it in my office!
While getting my morning coffee at a local coffee shop, I had a nice conversation with a woman I met in line.
I caught a taxi during prime time, when it usually takes a long time, in about three minutes instead of the usual ten.
The most happiest moment i stil reckon when i came back from the first day of my school, i was so excited and happy to attend my classes and meet with new friends. when i return back to my home. i saw my dad were waiting for me with a glass of juice and that moment made me feel so special so i enjoyed a lot and felt the most happiest moment 
of my life.
The event that made me happy in the last 24 hours was when my friend told me he sent me a gift this morning. I've been feeling down and I was talking to one of my good friends and he said he sent me a gift in the mail so I'm looking forward to tomorrow's mail.
I woke up in time to get breakfast at my local shop. Doesn't happen very often because I'm usually one too late. So it's always exciting
Watching the Tar Heels get redemption from last seasons title game made me very happy last night. 
I was happy that it didn't start raining until I got home.
My granddaughter and grandson came over for dinner and spent the night with us.
I started a new job and yesterday I really started getting the hang of it. 
Yesterday morning I was able to help someone out who was in need of some compassion and it really made me feel great.
When my alma mater and favorite team won the NCAA basketball championship. 
All of my neighbors in my apartment building were out of town at the same time yesterday so I had the whole quiet place to my self.
This morning I took my dogs to the vet and the vet gave them both a very positive health report.
I went out to eat at an all-you-can-eat restaurant.
I finally received a mouse that a ordered a while ago that had been backlogged for a long time. The mouse worked fine and met my expectations.
My daughter was eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich at the kitchen table, when she opened the sandwich, placed a Frozen sticker inside and took a bite of it. 
I made hummus, which I enjoy doing.
I was happy yesterday because I got paid a day in advance and was able to pay my rent on time.
I ate a delicious bowl of Korean potato salad.
I had a good workout at the gym where I was able to meet my goals.
I got married yesterday, my entire family as there including people I haven't seen in years and they all were more than happy to welcome my wife to the family.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was getting to watch a movie and eat pizza with my roommates.
An event that made me happy was my wife meeting me for lunch at work. 
When my new soon to be boyfriend came over yesterday and surprised me with a big bottle of wine. 
I did well on a work related examination.
Seeing my son walk hand in hand with both of his grandparents down the sidewalk.
My son works for a start-up, and they got their first table offer, for a generous amount.
I got up early and completed a difficult work task well before sunrise.
I was happy when I had the opportunity to work on a quiz, that I was not prepared for, with a group this morning
I received an unexpected text from a man that I like. 
The fact that I got promoted my job as a certified pharmacy technician at a hospital made me feel like I'm in cloud 9. It's a feeling that is indescribable because I know how much I've worked hard for this job. It wasn't an easy job, but that's what made it even more worth it.
A person I work with made a comment that I was one of the most useful co-workers he had.
I spoke to my oldest sister for the first time in several years on the phone.
My favorite baseball team won their second game of the 2017 season in a hard-fought effort and it was great because they lost the first game of the year!
I made a really good chinese food lunch yesterday - authentic recipes, and I got to exercise my creativity.
My boss is out of town!
Smackdown Live after Mania, it was a great how and I am pleased with how entertaining it was.  Shinsuke Nakamura debuting was perfection!
An event that made me happy in the past day was that I edited 2 chapters of my book instead of one. It made me happy to feel so productive. 
I finished putting drywall on my wall that was a huge hole. I feel happy about it because it actually got done.
My neighbor said good morning to me but he said it in a nicer way than usual.
I purchased a new dripper tank for my electronic cigarette. I have wanted one for a while now but never had the funds to afford it until I found a good one on sale yesterday.
I went to the store and bought some ice cream.
I received my tax refund so i'll be able to play catch up with a couple bills.
I went over to a friend's house to play the new Zelda game.
I watch the Cubs vs St Louis baseball game.  It was a good, close game that the Cubs ultimately won over their rivals.  I enjoy watch a good baseball game.
My son learned a new karate move.
I earned an Amazon.com $5 gift card through a reward site.
I have my work caught up and that makes me quite happy for now since I work independently part time and had a lot of work come in over the weekend.  
I am very happy to share my view's, Actually I am very very happy at present. My lover called me after a long time. Actually we had a fight 6 months ago and after that we didn't had any talk. Suddenly she called me today and she said great word i.e marriage. I really want to marry her. Initially her parents not accepted our relation ship, but now she convinced. I am eagerly waiting to meet her, At present she is in US. 
I cleaned our rats' cage and gave them a nice place to sleep.
I got to have dinner with an aunt and uncle who were passing through town, and it was nice to catch up since I usually only get to see them once per year or so.
Something that made me happy today was eating a hot dog while watching the opening day baseball games on tv.
I was able to eat healthy all day for once
I was made happy by watching a light-hearted movie with a very good ending.
I had my annual performance evaluation this morning, I did well, it was lovely to hear compliments and appreciation.
Successfully updating my resume so I can start applying for a promotion.
finding out I fit in a size smaller at old navy.  wahoo!
Finding out that some items I donated yesterday found their way to new homes made me feel happy because I felt like I was helping others and being efficient with my resources.
I went shopping with my girlfriend and who introduced me to a new product that I enjoy.
I was happy when I was praised by my boss 
We went out to eat at my family's favorite restaurant, with my parents' best friends.
I learned that a friend from Nashville will be coming out to visit next month.
At work, I was trying to solve a problem.  It was bugging me all day, but I finally figured it out in the end.
I received an Easter card in the mail today from my grandmother.
The laundry dryer in my building got rigged up to be free so I saved money while doing laundry today.
My mother called me today with some great news.
I didn't have to cook today because I spent all day yesterday cooking for everyone. 
Being lost my job, I was searching for a suitable one for the past 6 months. Yesterday I received a call and to my surprise I got the offer for a job which made me very happy. With that happiness I am looking for the joining date.
My daughter caught 5 fish
My dog is feeling really good today after a bout of feeling sick for some unknown reason.
I spoke with my sister and she is thinking about visiting me during the summer holidays.
the person I had dinner with someone I have a romantic past with, and they were very affectionate with me at several points
Got a huge blessing of a $1,150 bill we could not pay being brought down to zero!
I got to read another chapter in a book that I really like. 
Opening day for baseball was today and I listened to the Reds game for awhile on the radio, that was enjoyable.
The braves opening day was today.
Figuring that since I found twenty bucks it would actually be a free dinner in reality, and believe it or not, I was able to parlay my luck with the owner of the place to get a free dinner on the house because last time I order was from home and the delivery was messed up.
I ran into a friend that I had not seen in a long time at the mall last night.
The Golden State Warriors beat the Washington Wizards by about 15 points.
The event that made me happy was when we bought a new SUV. We've been lookin for the right one and finally decided to purchase one since we got a great deal.
I ate some tv dinner food. 
Today I finished a big project at work. 
My 4 year old daughter entering the room just to say "I love you mama" and running off to play.
My boss treated us out to chinese food today and I was happy since I didn't stay hungry.
I took my family to the restaurant and we took our dinner and enjoyed a lot. I feel so happy and make others happy. It is a memorable moment.
I spent some time with my dog who is usually outside.
My brake light turned off without having it serviced.
I learned that we will be having a mid-season party for our dart league this coming week.
My daughter is advancing so fast! she is 14 months old and can already use a spoon to feed herself. 
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I got all of my laundry done and folded. I hate doing laundry and it was a relief.
My new cellphone finally came in the mail, and it's better than I expected!
I was able to come home for lunch and spend some time with my two dogs.
A person sent me an online message complimenting my music. 
I was invited to attend a "cafe crawl" on campus
Taking our dog for a walk with my fiancee.
My dog is reactive on the leash (lunges and barks) but on our walk today she didn't react at all when a person riding a horse when by us. 
My coworker enthusiastically complimented my outfit and accessories.
Last night I tasted some very good peach cobbler. Hadn't had that in a while.
A customer called in and attached multiple optional services which carries extra commission. 
My coffee maker's automation worked, meaning it hadn't been trustworthy, so I woke up to fresh coffee.
The happiest movement is change to person to person and time to time, as far as regarding my happiest movement is concerned when i completed my high school, it is definitely an unforgettable movement for me all my family members was waiting my result, it was just momentum movement.
Another event that made me happy is playing games with my friends. We accomplished a lot in the game today.
I found out that my dog is pregnant. I'm excited to see some puppies running around. Something cute about puppies.
I had a dinner party with some friends of mine in order to catch up and it was a hit. I was happy they enjoyed the food and each others company. 
I was happy to find a nice birthday card for my friend.
My husband and I bought ourselves new wedding rings.
Today is the first day of my weekend so that makes me happy.
I got to see my returns from my investments for the first quarter of the year and the numbers were amazing. 
Getting my checks for the month for my business. 
Yesterday when I went to bed my cat curled up right next to my head and put his paw on my hand and went to sleep.
Last night my daughter told me she took a test in the class she is struggling with and she got a perfect on it.
I saw a picture of my niece having fun on Facebook.
I went on a long walk yesterday, the first walk I've been able to go on in a while due to bad weather. It was a beautiful day outside. 
I saw the Power Rangers movie with my nephews after they came home from school. 
I went for a brisk walk.
I was very happy last night because I was able to have a long phone conversation with a friend that I had not heard from in a couple years.
I received my new passport.
I went to a party with a friend of mine and was able to talk to a lot of people I had not spoken to in months.
My car broke down on the way to the wedding, a complete stranger stopped when he saw me in a tux and insisted on giving me a ride that was an hour out of his way.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was I did very well on my math quiz.
Another event that made me happy was seeing pictures of my newborn niece on Facebook.
When Kane came over at 11pm just to kiss me goodnight.
I was able to get onto the main street from the side street while making a left turn.
Being intimate with my girlfriend.
I got a Fedex overnight from my mortgage company asking for immediate payment, but my mortgage is current - I called and they verified it was a mistake.
I had an excellent submarine sandwich for lunch.
I was happy when I realized that all my hard work was beginning to pay off and that I had money in my bank account.
A family member gave me money to help pay a bill. 
I spent about 15 minutes taking a walk which was very enjoyable because of great weather.
I got approved for a new credit card with which I can buy a new computer and VR gear.
My favorite MLB player had a good game last night and has hopefully broken the terrible curse that seemingly took possession of him last season when he couldn't hit the ball to save his life.
Last night I was able to sit in bed and read a book for about an hour, since my baby had gone to bed early for the first time in weeks.
My 15 year anniversary is coming up, and I'm planning a trip.
Eating leftover pizza, it's just so good after it's been cold for awhile in the fridge.  I especially like supreme pizzas.
Something that made me happy today was killing a boss all on my own in Zelda. I didn't have to get my fiance to do it for me. 
I cleaned my back deck off. It was crowded and no room and now you can walk around it with no problems.
Someone told me about a dish that would go great with the tomato soup I'm going to make.
My husband cleaned the entire house and did the dishes. I dread having to do the chores that need to be done after working for a long week, but when I got home yesterday after my 7th straight day working, I discovered the house was spotless and clean, thanks to my husband.
I read a funny joke on an internet forum.
I made a very good chicken dinner.
I made a delicious corned beef brisket for dinner.
It was funny reading the reaction to the controversial Pepsi commercial.  Sometimes it is good to enjoy the absurdity of life.
I ate pizza and it tasted good.
I had a satisfying dinner with my parents. We had pork chops with mashed potatoes and macaroni and cheese.
I slept almost good last night and I seldom do that so that makes me happy also.
Coming to second thing which happen in my office today, I mean couple of hours ago. Actually today our clients came to office for visit. I am working for apple project, because of great work in my support project my company gave me a gift. Which is iphone 7. I was surprised and client appreciated my work  
I did yoga this morning to try to make my back and neck more limber.
Embarrassingly enough, I got my first "match" on the Tinder application and I'm kind of pumped about that.
An event that made me happy was anticipating the North Carolina vs. Gonzaga basketball game to see who wins the NCAA Tournament.
I received a nice bonus for work I did today.
Another event that made me happy in the last 24 hours was getting a good amount of work done and feeling accomplished for the day.
My dog made me laugh out loud on our walk tonight.  We came across one of her small dog friends, my dog is about 70lbs the dog she was playing with is about 15 lbs.  My dog was rolling around trying to get the small pup to play.  They were so funny together.
Finding out that there's a Chick-fil-A truck that parks near my worksite weekly.
Walking two laps around the park tonight
Playing a fun game I enjoyed yesterday made me feel happy because I had looked forward to playing it and it gave me a sense of accomplishment and escape from daily concerns.
I cooked a great dinner of barbecue chicken, peppers and potatoes instead of succumbing to the convenience and expense of fast food.
It made me happy when I saw a dog eating with his cute face
I rented a rug cleaner and cleaned all of our carpets, and they look really good now.
I rearranged and organized several things in my garage and it didn't take as long as I thought it would.
A friend called me today and we had a chance to catch up.  I haven't spoken to this person in so long.  I felt great reconnecting with this person.
I got to have my favorite food (sushi) during my lunch break.
I had tamales for lunch and they were delicious.
I made a lot of money on the stock market today.
I was able to spend at least 6 hours today working on mturk. 
After planning for so many days yesterday we bought round trip ticket by air to my favorite city for sightseeing. As I booked the ticket my whole family hugged and kissed me out of joy. This joy will last until we start our trip .
My dog turned one
My son really enjoyed the dinner I made for him.
Temperatures are soaring but my winter blooms are still around. Tending to my plants makes me happy.
I had trouble sleeping, but instead of trying to suffer through it, I got up and got an early start my Monday, despite the fact that several fibers of my being were screaming not to.
Got another huge blessing today of money for groceries that will definitely help us!
I had a good work day where I nearly met all of my goals. 
On my way to work this afternoon I stopped at my usual spot to grab a fountain Diet Pepsi and the manager who is always working and has become a friend of mine gave me the drink for free, she and I always bullshit about something for a few minutes, she's a cool chick.
My mom cooked me dinner.
After finding twenty bucks AND getting a free dinner I felt as if have become indestructible , that lady luck was on my side, so I headed off to the local card room and ended up at the end of the night with 300 bucks. 

All true, sometimes the universe spins your way for the day.
I went to the gym and ran 2 miles today.
Opening day is here and Major League Baseball is back.
The event that made me happy was when my favorite co-worker came back from vacation. She is the life of our workplance because she is vibrant and full of energy.
Watch my show on the television. 
Today I found a folder I thought I had lost.
Seeing my oldest daughter come back from school and smile at the sight of her baby brother.
I worked out and I had more energy after my workout than towards the start of my workout since I was dreading the workout.
My friends and relatives came to my to home for celebration. I talked with my friends and relatives happily and shared beautiful moments  happened in my life.
My family came over and visited for a few hours, I hadn't seen them in a while.
My daughter informed me that she had a few friends that were planning to go to her party.
I watched the end of a big poker tournament with a group of friends.
I scheduled a 3 day vacation to the beach. Booked the hotel and everything over memorial day weekend. I cant wait! 
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
I ordered Sling TV and now I have "cable" again. I cancelled my cable and did not have anything to watch for a few days. 
My boss approved time off for this Thursday to watch my daughter for half a day.
My friend cooked me a frozen pizza, and it was delicious.
My parents finally told me they are impressed with my flipping business.
Doing my evening workout and making progress with weight loss.
My grocery store started carrying a non fat cottage cheese, I don't have to drive to the one farther away now!
I received a package of books from Amazon that I have been anticipating.
My son came in this morning (he's special) and showed me that he had written down a few words (which is difficult for him). Made me feel very happy to see him succeed!
I stopped by a nice restaurant that is one of my favorites. I ordered a medium-rare steak, asparagus and potatoes. 
I have a new puppy that I've been house training, and when I came home, there were no messes on the floor.
My happiest moment in my life s......for my 20th birthday my dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i cant forget date day in my life, date was my first surprise given by my dad..
I was walking with my friend smoking a cigarrette and checking the mail box.
 With my significant other called me out of the blue. And told me that they were going to be picking me up early. I couldn't stop
I just met someone that is from the same country as me. Its a small world and we were able to connect on that note. 
I was happy that I was able to find all the sales items that I wanted at the supermarket.
I was able to have a video chat with  my cousin whom I haven't seen for 10 years.
I woke up in time to cook my wife a yummy breakfast before she had to go to work and spend time with her. 
Just found out that I will be going on a work trip to Europe which is something that I am very interested in.
Sleeping very well last night. 
I woke up yesterday to a $25 bonus in my bank account that I was not expecting, it was a performance bonus from work.
Yesterday morning I managed to finally fix a vexing computer issue at work that has been a problem for a week.
I watched a video on mining a resource in a video game.
I was able to get to sleep early last night, so now I have a much simpler daily schedule. 
I purchased 9 new summer dresses and 2 pairs of shoes from amazon.com. 
I watched Netflix, while eating my hummus.
I was able to get some must needed minor repairs done to my car at a reasonable price within the past 24 hours and it made me extremely happy and excited.
I saw sunflowers sprouting in my garden.
I made a business deal that is going to be very beneficial for my small business.
My cat was planning on ambushing me from behind my computer tower and instead of grabbing me he managed to spill a bowl of food on himself. 
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was my communications class being cancelled for the day.
An event that made me happy was being able to go to the gym after having been sick for a week and not being able to work out.
My friend Tiffany is picking my kiddo up from school right now so we don't have to wait in the rain for our kids. 
I found five dollars unexpectedly in my pants pocket. 
Going out to a restaurant that we reserved because it was close and not because it was good, and it ending up being excellent.
I went out on my patio, and it is sunny and warm, and baseball is starting, and it already feels like summer!
I took two refreshing naps during the day. 
I was happy when I woke up and realized that it was going to be nice outside today
I ordered something online that I really wanted. 
That I was able to get off work early, and with pay! Also my boss treated us dinner at Cheesecake Factory as if everyone got a job promotion. It was an unexpected moment and I am thankful for having a boss that appreciates all his employees.
I bought and ate a type of decadent chocolate cupcake that I really love.
I got an agreement from my landlord to temporarily reduce my rent while I am going to be out of town for a few months.
I felt adventurous when cooking dinner (I do not make a lot of fly-by-night dishes cause it can be so wasteful if it fails) and concocted a Mexican-type dish that was all good things together - enchiladas, tamales, and tacos and my husband just loved it but now my problem is that I'm not sure I can remember exactly how I did it and he already said he wants it again soon.
I made a delicious cup of coffee this morning and I am drinking it right now slowly and peacefully.
It was a nice, quiet day at work.
Getting a nice bonus from a requester, it feels good when hard work gets recognized.  I am putting it towards a new hard drive.
I got new glasses recently and they make my face look half decent. 
I made my goal on mturk. I have been having troubles meeting this goal and I need it to pay my bills.
I figured out I have enough money to order pizza if the new recipes I try don't turn out right.
My daughter received the news that she was accepted into a music scholarship program that she had auditioned for. Seeing her achieve something she wanted and tried hard to achieve made me feel very happy and proud of her.
I found a new necklace in a video game.
My back was not hurting much for the first time in a few weeks.
I checked off all the things on my to-do list for the day.
I was unusually in the city where I work.  I decided to have lunch in the nearby park.  I enjoyed being away from my desk.
I went for a walk.
I learned that my federal and state tax returns were accepted.
The cable TV is not working probably but the stations are still coming in but cut out every few minutes but as long as I have TV that's mostly watchable I'm happy.
Today I even faced one more happy thing i.e is my sister blessed with baby boy. 
I had fun with my neighbors on the deck, eating donuts and talking about society.
I made a big sale on eBay.
I was able to get a parking spot close to the grocery store while it was pouring rain.
My babys first doctors appoint today made me very happy that he is healthy.
My son said "I love you mommy".
I got my internet connection back.
my son had a great day at his internship
I got through the entire weekend email box at work on my own because I arrived early.
My son, who is two years old, woke me up this morning giving me kisses till I woke up.
I made some money on mturk
I was on a date with my girlfriend.
My mother in law (who can be hard to please) complimented me on how my house looks and how I had got the garden looking nice.
I was happy that my favorite tv show was on tonight.
I realized that my cousin is getting married this weekend and the wedding should be a lot of fun.
My girlfriend asked me to come over after her dentist appointment. 
I found a song that I like and had forgotten the name of.
I got a new CD in the mail that I had forgot I had ordered.
I was happy this morning when there was no traffic on the road and it only took me 25 minutes to get to work. Normally, my commute to work is 60+ minutes.
I got a small bonus for some work I did.
I went to work and nothing went wrong
I went on a nice run with my dogs and even though it started to rain it was just so nice and warm it didn't matter
I made an A on my economics paper this morning.
I found out that my sister in law is pregnant.
Watching my 4 year old son play soccer.
I bought some flowers for my yards.
I won 300 dollars at the casino.
I was able to spend some quality time with friends at the lake.
I saw my wife
I received a phone call from my aunt.
I entered a video game tournament last Sunday with over 200 entrants and got 4th place, making roughly $300 and being able to hang out with friends from other states that I haven't seen in months.
I had a good conversation with one of my associates which whom I owe money to. He was willing to give me some more time.
I spent time crocheting infant booties and a beanie.
Despite only getting a little over four hour sleep, I still had a great workout today after I finished up my job.
I found out my niece is having a baby girl in December of this year!
Going out and feeling sun on my skin felt great.
I ate out at a very nice Thai restaurant and my meal was delicious.
I just got my jeep fixed after a year of it being laid up and it didn't cost a fortune. 
Saw my girlfriend after a long day of work.
I got into the shower after a long day and it was refreshing and much needed.
Mom brought home food from outside surprising  everyone.
Playing with my neice when she came over yesterday.
I bought a new TV.
I fit into my skinny jeans.
I got all the new new server stack online at work.
My girlfriend surprised me at work and brought me food during my shift.
I may be getting a raise at it looks very good.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was working out longer than an hour at the gym.
I cooked a meal and for the first time in two months my husband and I ate the same food together.
I had drinks with my co-workers after work.
After a spell of wet weather I noticed that my hop vines are over a foot tall this morning.
I was able to walk outside for an hour this morning.
I held my cat and I gave it a nice pet. 
I was happy it rained on my veggie garden.
An event that made me happy today was watching someone play a video game.
I had a professional meeting with a colleague and we got a lot done.
I was able to cut the grass and fertilize my yard before the rain came down.
Being reinstated to school.
My car battery died but my friend helped me jump start it. 
Walking into my sister's house, and seeing the look of excitement on my 11 month old nephew's face when he saw me.
My wife finished her crazy season and gets to be human again!
I spent about 1 1/2 hours walking and talking with my best friend.
My daughters, who are both UNC graduates, have created a text message group and are sending texts so we can communicate during the basketball championship even though we're all in different cities.
I enjoyed a brisk early evening walk during sundown.
When both my kids were in bed last night and I got to enjoy a beer and episode of Big Bang Theory.
After dinner I decided to make a root beer float and I hadn't had one in years.
I was happy when I found out I got a job interview for next week for a position I really want.
Going out to dinner with my family.
I went to go see my relatives who I hadn't seen in a few months.
being able to pay for my daughter fifth grade patrol trip to Washington Dc made me happy. Although I did not have the extra funds to afford the 800$ trip but I made her happy so that its fine. 
I was happy when I played outside with my kids.
I was made happy when I learned that they approved my workers compensation claim this morning.
Watching Fawlty Towers with my boyfriend after a long hard day.
My first event was that I received a scheduled sum of money that arrived on time and without any issues. 
I BOUGHT NEW PHONE
I spoke to my niece for the first time in a few weeks and was able to catch up with her.
I spent time with my mother and we didn't end up fighting at all, which is much more normal for us.
i went on a run with my girlfriend
I went for a swim in Kealakekua Bay this morning and a pod of dolphins swam by just a few feet away.
I was pretty busy working my part time job this morning and made $30 without tips.
Watching my daughter play with her new toy ball in the house. Its cute to watch her throw it. 
I drove to Boston for my job and it was my first time in this city. I was happy to visit a new place.
I went to church & listened to a very inspiring sermon on forgiving yourself. 
I was able to sleep in this morning.
I turned the page on the calendar, and I saw where my husband wrote I love you on our wedding anniversary date.
I won $100 playing poker.
Watching the Cubs opening day game last night even though they lost.
I drank my morning matcha latte.
I woke up and took a shower and when I got out I got my hair perfect and that made me happy.
Had time to make dinner and watch a movie with my wife.
I went for a run today in the sun and felt very energetic and exhilarated. 
I had cheesecake and peppermint chocolate iced tea for breakfast this morning.
An event that me happy today was being on time to work. Most days I am late due to traffic and oversleeping. Although this is a small event it made me smile. 
I was able to find some long lost childhood items.
My mother had flowers delivered to me at work today.
Going for a drive with my neighbor where we talked and laughed
I played a game with a friend.
My son decided to ask a girl he likes to the prom.
I had a great breakfast with my wife that included eggs and bacon
Watching my son get 100 points (a perfect score) on his flying side kick at TaeKwonDo class today made me very happy.
I went shopping with my daughter. She picked out a few things she wanted and seeing her happy makes me very happy.
It was my mom's birthday and I made her a cake that she really enjoyed. 
I purchased a good video game at a discount.
I got in a great workout after work. 
my brother got engaged last night. he is marrying his high school sweetheart .
This morning on my way to work I stopped to get gas and for some reason decided to buy a one dollar scratch off lottery ticket.  I scratched it off when I got to work and won $10.00.  
Today was very busy at my job which is a great thing because the busier it is the more I get paid, so seeing how busy it was made me feel happy.
I was happy that I found a good deal on dog food.
I got a new battery for my phone so I no longer have terrible phone battery life.
I won a game that I was playing with a friend.
I made a suggestion at work and the manager finally listened and decided to try my idea out.
I won 10 dollars in a scratch card.
After waiting three weeks I was able to get a new phone today, there was a promotion with metro PCS so monthly bill went down 40 dollars for two lines and the phone with a 13mp camera was free so with a case just $61. 
My roommate cooked dinner.
Received good results from eye doctor
My dog came into my room. 
The fact that I get to watch Gonzaga play in their first national championship game tonight on television.
I woke up to the smell of food.
Going out for Morning walk
My son who is non-verbal said the word "pop" when his worker was popping bubbles with him.
Had an appointment with my cardiologist today and get good news that I can continue to perform my daily activities for now, I have a heart issue so this was great news. 
I am glad to start using mTurk again after not using it for two years.
I have been looking for this band that i heard a long time ago, and I finally found them again today. It was my white whale, and I got it. 
I made a nice dinner for my husband and I while my baby was sleeping. 
I had dinner with a friend I hadn't seen in years.
I finished working on a spreadsheet.
Having a nice phone call with my mother for an hour talking about things that don't matter but make me smile.
I made a really cool song. I grabbed my guitar and started strumming a few chords to sing to. Then once I had a melody I went to my recording station and put it on tape.
I went to my yoga class that I hadn't been to in a while and saw my favorite teacher.
It made me happy when I got off work early.
Today my husband mopped the floor for me. It may seem small but it showed me that he cares for me and didnt want me to have to do it while my back was hurting. It made me deel appreciated. 
Bought a new website.
Renee invited me to visit her in Texas next month.
My boyfriend, who is deployed, got the opportunity to speak to me for the first time in a week.
My one year old son fell asleep in my arms.
Made myself a delicious cup of coffee in the morning 
I spoke to a good friend.
Talking to my boyfriend on the phone
I got a date for an upcoming event that I'm participating in.
Seeing my kids play soccer 
My son came over to visit.
I made progress towards getting my office to fund my phd studies. 
Yesterday i attended one hour yoga class program and i was very happy to know how to do yoga properly.
Get praise at work for a project I completed 
Made homemade hamburgers for dinner with all of the fixings.
I was able to take a walk alone at lunch, and collect on a reasonable number of pokemon gyms. 
I helped someone on the side of the road this morning on the way to work. 
I had a new, delicious ice cream flavor.
I am getting money back from federal taxes! 
I was walking my dog, and the air was so fresh outside. 
When a new episode of The Simpsons came on TV and I watched it on my DVR.
I tried a healthy new snack that was really delicious.
I was walking my dog Nick and we came across another person walking their dog Max, who Niko knows. They both started running around excitedly and greeted one another and looked so happy to see each other on their walk! It made me happy because I could tell Nick was happy to see his little dog friend and was having a good time. 
Yesterday night, I saw two friends I had not seen in a few months. 
I'm currently happy because my cat is lying in my lap while purring.
I went apartment shopping all weekend and was so hopeful to actually see some places in my price range and see the layouts were nice and in the same city I live in.
The girl I'm dating came back from vacation.
I won a raffle at work for the second time in a row.
I went to my church bible study 
I listened to my daughter sing Beauty and the Beast.
I took 10,000 steps and hit my daily step goal.
My cat jumped into bed with me and cuddled for an hour as I watched tv. 
I went to see a movie with a friend.
My husband got a job.
I finished producing a song in a software program and it came out good. 
I made a great dinner that turned out perfect and it made me very happy.
Having a contented and purring cat on my lap.
I had a day off yesterday.
Won a raffle at work for 6 months of Graze, and I love mystery boxes!
This afternoon, I got my shipment of books in the mail, and read through one of them.
Having some time off of my kids. My husband went out with them. As much as I love them, a little time for myself is very much appreciated :)
I came back to work and was quite efficient.
The people next door moved out today. They have been a problem since we moved in. So today when they finished moving out it felt great and happy that I could open the blinds that face me, it felt free.
I took myself on a long hike.
I was running late today and expected to be caught in traffic. I didn't, and made it to my meeting on time.
Boston Red Sox won their season opener, a good start to the season.
my wife called today to ask if it was ok if she went over to a friends house tonight after the baby went to sleep....
I ate a chocolate donut.
My director visited the workplace today from out-of-town and commended me on my work last quarter.
I went to my cousin's track meet.
Yesterday my wife and I found out that she was pregnant with our second child. I was extremely excited because we had only been trying to get pregnant for one month. With our first child, it took us one and half years to conceive.
I was happy when my husband cooked a tasty breakfast for me this morning.
I cooked tortillas with spinach, ground beef, black beans, and cheddar cheese.
I made a delicious dinner last night of bratwurst, roasted potatoes and onions, and sauteed kale.  It was so good, and hit the spot for me and my family!  
I made it to work early to be on time for an important meeting and I knew I wouldnt be stressed about getting there.
I drove my scooter around during the day and got a good amount of sunlight.
I have been having car trouble lately and figured that if I called the dealership for an appointment, I'd have to wait several days before I could take my car in. I was pleasantly surprised when they said I could bring it in today - the same day I called. I feel very relieved and hopeful they can fix it.
I found and bought a shirt that I liked.
I enrolled my two daughters in a new school which made me happy because the assigned school is not very good and this one seems excellent academically. 
My nephew loved the birthday gift I got him, a Mario bros playset.
I bought a new i7 processor online that I desperately needed and found on sale!
I made it through a tough day at work and can now relax.
When I got all of the assists on my soccer team to get us to comeback and win. 
Getting free puppy food from work.
I was listening and singing along to music while making my commute.
My husband made me dinner. It was a super busy day for me and he put together dinner after he worked all day. I really appreciated it. It made me feel loved. 
I had an incredible sandwich for lunch.
I ate a nice breakfast consisting of sausage and eggs.
I binge watched 13 reasons why on netflix.
A long walk in the beautiful sunny day.
I received a check for $4.00 in the mail from a mail in rebate.
I won 25.00 on a scratch ticket.
I watched one of my favorite shows, 24:Legacy - very exciting and thrilling.
Last night after dinner when I made chocolate pudding with my daughter and we hand whipped cream to go on top.
I was so happy I got to visit Laura and her new born little girl Lilly in the hospital today. 
My boss told me how she truly appreciates having me around and how thankful she is for it. 
I was happy to get a good workout in today.
When I went out to eat crab legs. 
complete my long time project in my office today only me and my team members are very happy about this.
I had the day off, so it was nice and relaxing Monday. No dreadful wake up or dragging myself to work. 
I painted my deck and it turned out beautifully.
Last night I went to Japanese Steakhouse for dinner and the food and atmosphere was just wonderful.
my moms birthday celebration so i enjoyed amazing
An event that made me happy was my apartment getting refurnished today
My wife got off work early, came home, and had dinner waiting for me when I got home from work
I had a nice conversation with a friend over coffee.
I didn't have a drink in 2 days.
Last night, I got to spend the night with my younger brother that lives far away.  It was good to catch up.
I ate a delicious lunch today.  My friend took me out for lunch.  The food was so good!
Eating a large serving of roasted broccoli
My wife gave me an amazing blowjob.
Within the past hour, my cat Ingmar rubbed his head up against me, wanting my attention. I pet him, and he purred. This made me happy because another creature desired my affection, and I was able to fulfill that desire. He is named after filmmaker Ingmar Bergman. My cat's last name is Bergcat, however.
I went to the park with my sister.
The walking dead finale was emotionally satisfying.
I felt really happy last night when I finished a really tedious computer based job that do from home.
I ate 4 Oreos.
I won a bet that I placed on a soccer match on Sunday.
Getting a 96 on an exam I studied hard for.
I had a facetime discussion with my brother who lives in Canada. It was really nice to see him and spend time with him and catch up.
Got to sleep in.
I am with my best friend at her home in California.
I am a single mom of three boys, recently separated, and I went out on a date, so I was extremely thrilled and happy. 
I came up with a good new idea for my book.
I attended a Democratic Committee meeting that has inspired me to get involved in my local political process.
I was at work doing my thing entering data into the computer system, when I had realized it was only one hour before clock out, my co worker asked me if I wanted something to eat from the store, i said yes and he offered to pay. that made me very happy.
I had a midterm exam a week ago, and just got my results back, and ended up with a pretty good score.
I stayed home with my daughter who was sick and we spent quality time together. 
Our grandma came to our house we are so happy to see her 
Thought I had a doctor's appointment, but it was cancelled!
I enjoyed a cigarette in the rain.
Went to a cat shelter and picked out a cat that we will adopt after she has been spayed. 
I watched Wrestlemania with my brother.
I made a huge delicious salad for lunch today that included romaine lettuce, tomatoes, cucumber, egg, bacon, and shredded cheddar cheese.
I finally got my pond filters cleaned today
I was really happy today when I didn't have to go to work on a Monday.
We had some delicious pizza from a local pizzeria in or city.
My 
I was accepted into a new job with great benefits!!
Started a new job as a firefighter
When my dog gets happy when I come home.
I found out this morning that we would have a little extra money at the end of the month that we were not expecting. 
I have completed my office project before deadline.
Had a cookout at my dads and the whole family was there. 
I am enjoying the NCAA men's basketball championship game at the moment.
I made and ate banana pancakes for the first time.
My babysitter sent me a video of my kids blowing bubbles in the wind and running to chase them. 
The ending of the Walking Dead season finale was very satisfying and made me happy!
My husband left me a sweet note this morning that I would see when I was getting ready to leave for work. 
I got a $119 bonus from a requester here on Mturk!
I was promoted by the manager and they said nice things about me to others.
Just yesterday we helped my daughter purchase her first car. I was so proud of her that she found the vehicle on her own and had found a very good vehicle and was able to pay for it on her own.
It gave me a good feeling that I raised her to be able to stand on her own. 
I had a great lunch today with my husband and daughter.
I was invited to go up to see my father for a week or so.
At my daughter's school, i found a baby turtle in the grass and we took it in the school and showed all the kids in the classroom.
My father is my god and my mither why I tell this statement
Since yesterday was a weekend, the thing that made me happy was good warm weather and meeting up with my family. We had such a good thing chatting and catching up on things. 
Today, I just finished a survey that paid $35 and took about 28 minutes.  I am happy I participated in the study and received such a gift. 
I watched the season finale of Walking Dead
I went to the corner store and got some cash and the cashier said hello and asked me how I was doing and seemed genuinely interested in the response. This usually never happens they usually take your money and process the transaction without acknowledging you. 
I got to cuddle with a cat.
I went to the park around my apartment building and had fun with my brothers.
I was at my computer and my girlfriend walked downstairs after waking up from her sleep.
I saved an abandoned dog when I was going on a road trip. 
I watched an entertaining episode of the television series 'Homeland'. 
Buying homemade burritos for breakfast.
Finally had the Cheddar Biscuit Shrimp box I have been craving for the past week for lunch.
I tried a fun new mode in my favorite console game and really enjoyed it.
Seeing my spouse come home and tell me she did great on a test she had studied very hard for.
I finally got into a apartment, and don't have to be homeless.
I had a satisfying lunch that I made myself.
I finished all my grocery shopping for the week this afternoon.
I went to the gym a hit multiple personal records.
I was happy I got to spend more time with mother today because she was off work today, due to the bad weather.
This afternoon I was happy playing outside with my kids.
My mother had a lump of her breasts but the doctors informed her it wasn't cancer.
My new cat was sound asleep and I scooped him up in my arms and he kept sleeping in them.
I watched some of the national championship basketball game with my family.
I watched a new episode of The Simpsons on Hulu and thought it was a funny and amusing episode.
My husband came early from work and spent some quality time with us.
My professor approved the revised proposal for my final project.
I had enough work to do to keep me busy for 7hrs, as it's been slow, this was a good day.
I was voted "Most Studious" in my EMT class by my classmates.
I finished my taxes and realized I was getting a bigger refund than I expected.
I went on a nice date with my boyfriend which is nice because we have been so busy lately and we finally made time to spend together.
I was happy to hang out with my mom after not seeing her for a while today.
I got to see two matches from some of my favorite teams in the Rainbow Six pro league. One of my favorite teams lost, and the other team I liked won so I had mixed feelings but the games were fantastic.
A birthday is just another day where you go to work and people give you love. Age is just a state of mind, and you are as old as you think you are. You have to count your blessings and be happy.
I picked up my daughters from daycare today, and my 2 year old ran into my arms and screamed my name happily.
yesterday my childhood friend had a birthday diner for her sister. We went out to eat dinner at a bbq place and the food was delicious.
It made me happy today that RIT is paying everyone to report what makes us happy in the past 24 hours.
A plant start bearing flowers in my garden.
I had chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast. 
First day working more than 8 hours after being sick.
At the morning, when my boss talked that today his baby have born.
This morning I got an email from one of my long lost high school friends, it was great to be able to connect with him again.
Yesterday, I wasn't feeling very well and my kids did my laundry for me.
Yesterday afternoon to have my grown children and their families came to visit me and my wife.
meatball sandwich for dinner
Being very close to my due date, I slept soundly last night and woke up rested. 
I went on a shopping spree, and got to select many different foods/items for cooking/etc.
I went with a friend to Starbucks and had two of my favorite things-- a peppermint mocha and a blueberry scone.
My husband went for a walk in the park because we finally got a warm, clear Spring day after so many rainy and cold days.
I finally closed out a long outstanding project at work.
every moment of my life is happy because i leave the life in 
present but happiest moment when achieve in life some new.
Seeing all my relatives together after a long time for my grandma's funeral.
I woke up at 11 o clock
Today My son called me over phone and told me that he loved me lot.
Gonzaga is leading at half time in the national championship, and if they win, my wife wins our bracket competition!
my darling eldest son knew that i was having a really difficult day with my chronic pain, and he made up the couch (where i slept last night because i was in too much pain to go up the stairs) for me with a big fluffy blanket, set it up on the couch so that part of it would cover the couch and i could use part of it to cover my body, put down a pillow for me, and wrote me a sweet note about how he hoped i liked it and could sleep comfortably.
Got to hang out with my parents. Just finish watching a movie
YESTERDAY I WENT TO MY HOMETOWN...MET MY OLD FRIENDS ENJOYING MORE AND MORE....
While i am lying on the sofa my mother tickle me i was laughing
I won a league of legends computer game match.
Planted some new trees in the garden which made the whole place look awesome
While I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me... i was laughing.
While I`m lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me....I was laughing.
When I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me... i was laughing.
I have been going for temple in yesterday. So very happy moment for this yesterday
While I am lying on the sofa. My mother tickle me.. I was laughing.
While I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me.... i was laughing.
Being able to get off of work early.
I was happy last when I took my kids to get frozen yogurt. A new place opened up and they were offering $1 for all you can stuff into your cup. We took our yogurt to the park and sat and ate. 
It makes me happy to know that RIT cares about what makes me happy.
I went to the movies with my girlfriend 
I WENT TO MEENAKSHI AMMAN TEMPLE. SO, I FEEL VERY HAPPY. 
We got to leave work early to watch the basketball playoffs.
Playing with my cat
I got a new phone yesterday.
The weather was very nice out today which improved my mood
Seeing yet another one of your hits posted and love doing these as it makes me think and reflect on the happy things!
I bought a new oil which reduced my hair loss and it makes me happy
My wife is good one but my parents not understand to her
Seeing my family
I got ice cream with my family after work!
PAST 24 HOURS IN THE HAPPY MOMENT WITH MY FAMILY MEMBERS WE ARE GOING TO RAMESWARAM TEMPLE AND ENJOYING AND LOTS OF FUN
PAST 24 HOURS IN THE HAPPY MOMENT WITH MY FAMILY MEMBERS WE ARE GOING TO RAMESWARAM TEMPLE AND ENJOYING AND LOTS OF FUN
Right now, I am sitting next to a partially open window listening to the spring night rain.
Watched the final episode of a show i really like
Yesterday, i went to mall for purchasing saree for my mother that time i met my friend and we both bought same color dress material for us make me happy.
I went hiking and met some of the cutest dogs and petted them.  
I hit 3 2-pointers in a basketball game with my friends. 
I went on a long walk around my neighborhood and saw flower starting to bloom. 
YESTERDAY I WENT TO CIRCUS WITH MY FAMILY. THAT MOMENT I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
YESTERDAY, WE ARE WENT TO CINEMA AND HOTEL IS MY HAPPIEST MOMENT.
I got 10000 rupees Lucky pprice
I had the opportunity to recommend a film I loved to someone with the power to distribute it.
I paid off a credit card last night before bed, it was a great feeling.
I got to talk to my mom we live far away so whenever I get to talk to her I am happy
I got an email that I was going to receive a bonus at work for my success on my latest project.
I had a successful meeting with a person at work.
My extended family visited in which I enjoyed their company and talking about past memories and catching up.
YESTERDAY I WENT TO CIRCUS WITH MY FAMILY. THAT MOMENT I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
I went to the gym together and worked out for 2 hours on cardio. 
I MADE HAPPY MOMENT  BECAUSE I WAS GONE FOR MY RELATIVE FUNCTION.
Going to the gym to work out made me happy.
I  ready for dinner in my home. i  am playing a  park in my children 
I taught my daughter how to fly a kite yesterday and she was ecstatic.
I woke up early and got right out of bed without hitting snooze. 
In the past 24 hours I ran with the Nike club and it was really fun. I was able to meet up with the group and have productive fun time. I had a snacks and we took a lot of pictures. The weather was perfect and I had new clothes on
My daughter have no good habits
I saw 'One Punch Man' for the first time and it was pleasantly funny.  
While I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me.... I was laughing
i worked all day and i made a bunch of cash.
I took my dogs for a walk very early this morning, and watched the beautiful sunrise for a few minutes when we were all walking up a hill.
I was intimate with my wife.
I got a higher grade on my test than I had expected. 
I went to Costco today and got to try a lot of new free samples.  
I got provisional admission to my desired graduate program, contingent on meeting graduating with my Bachelor's this May.
My son driving skills has improved and he should be ready to take his driving  test next month. 

Got to work from home today and got a lot accomplished from my desk.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. 
I finished an essay I was working on.
my happiest moment today in my brother first marriage anniversary celebration to my family members and relatives.  
Getting a full boxing workout today. I worked out a good sweat and I was glad that I finished it despite procrastinating.
I went to the gym with my girlfriend and had a very nice time
I made an A on a quiz today
One of my typically silent students told me that she was really enjoying my class and told me it was much better than my academic rival's class. 
I had dinner buffet of some of my favorite food with some of my favorite people just now.
I was reflecting on my weekend, in which I got to spend quality time with some old friends.
I received an email from someone from my past.
My happiest moment is yesterday I got my first month salary and I gave it to my mother. That makes me very happy
My wife apologized for being mean to me over the weekend.
Fixed my broken fence because the weather was finally nice enough for me to be outside.


I talked to my daughter on the phone. 
In the past 24 hours, I unexpectedly went to see my grandmother that I haven't saw in months, that made me very happy.
I created a cheap meal from scratch today that I didn't even use a recipe for.
I had waffles for breakfast.
I was able to take a half day at work.
I was two hours late for work today and I did not get fired or in trouble.
Made blueberry scones this morning from scratch, had 2 right out of the oven, delicious 
I went to a kickboxing workout class with my boyfriend.
I went out to Chick-fil-a for lunch.
I went to ganesan temple nearby house.It gives me more relaxation and concentration.
Yesterday i rode a bicycle and i was very happy because in my school days i rode bicycle and went to school. since yesterday i rode the bicycle my childhood memories filled up mind and i was very happy no words can describe this.
A friend came over and watched Ultra Man with me.
North Carolina winning yesterday's basketball game 
I got to leave work an hour early today just to avoid traffic.
I had a steak dinner.
An event that made me happy earlier today was when I found and bought some food from the grocery store that I'd forgotten that I wanted until that moment.
I found out today that my wife and I were approved for a new apartment and we will be moving in a couple of weeks. 
I had a really nice hour long phone conversation with my mom this evening. 
I discovered my cat laying on the floor next to my bed in a pile of clothing.  I thought he looked really cute there, and it was sort of out of place.
I petted the cat and she didn't bite me for once, so maybe my training is working.
I cooked pizza bagels.
While I am lying on the sofa my mother tickle me I was laughing.
Making significant progress on a project at school.
My dog greeted me at the door after work and was happy to see me.
The birth of my first daughter
I finished all my homework
A friend I thought was mad at me contacted me and we talked.
YESTERDAY WE CELEBRATE MY NIECE BIRTHDAY MADE ME VERY HAPPY.IT WAS HER FIRST BIRTHDAY TOO.
My elder son preparing for Maths exam and he struck up with some problem. To the best of knowledge i taught him and he understood well. It makes me happier both of us. My joy and happy doubled when the same question has asked in the exam and he attended the same completed and his score has risen up.
when my mom made my favorite casserole.
I weedwacked and mowed my front lawn.
I finished a few homework assignments very quickly.
I loved seeing the joy on my daughter's face when I picked her up from daycare.
Having udon for dinner. 
I worked to help organize some of my stuff.
My happy moment was going to my mother in laws house this morning for a delicious homemade breakfast.
Went to a Tenore concert with students and it was a good concert and the students were well behaved!
I watched a movie with my family.
I got off work early and was able to go to dinner with my fiancee.
I checked my bank account and I had more money than I thought.
I was happy last night because an old friend came over and we had some drinks and caught up.  
My grandson asked me to read him a book.
I found out I get 6 months of Amazon Prime for free.
I made an egg, avocado, and cheese sandwich on a bagel.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

I had a dance rehearsal with my friends for my wedding.
In our usual routine, my little son stormed into the bedroom and yelled to wake me up while I pretended to hide under the blankets.
I m very happy to go with family on a tour of dehradun, India its very pleasure place which can i want to see for long years ago.
Yesterday i bought a new Yamaha bike in my own use.We bought bike EMI system in Yamaha showroom.Red colour Yamaha bike 250cc.I love so much the bike.We done some alteration work in my bike,then we took and came our home.
This afternoon I got a free drink for my birthday at starbucks!
I had a great workout at the gym and I overhead pressed an extra ten pounds then last week
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
I looked in the mirror and saw my folliculitis (skin infection) has started to clear up showing the antibiotics are working.
I went to work and it was very quiet and not busy
Getting my old 20+ years old cabinets replaced made me happy.
I ate a very tasty Mexican breakfast dish, called Huevos Rancheros, which I hadn't eaten for a month.
Watching the Dota 2 Asian Championship upper bracket finals between OG and iG.
I made some noodles and they tasted very good. My friends said they taste just like the restaurant. 
Youngest was very brave and patient while getting his braces on this morning. 
I got a chance to meet few of my relatives after a very long time
I took my son to the park yesterday and enjoyed watching him play throwing rocks and sticks in the creek.
When I returned home from work and I got to see my dog wagging his tail and coming in my direction to greet me.
My son took a nap in my arms after school.
The day with my wife
I got to spend time with my 2 year old nephew.
I was able to rub my hedgehogs belly and he was nice to me.
I received my child's second term report card and discovered that she is as adept at reading as I thought.
I finished a tedious task for my job and submitted it before anyone asked me how its progress was coming along.
I went to the court house to see if I could extend the restraining order I have against my abusive parents and the process of filling out the form wasn't as bad as I expected.
I saw my school tamil teacher after a long time.
One of my colleagues at work gave a small treat of ice cream
I got to practice music with my friends 
I was able to get about an hour of sleep that I needed this afternoon.
This morning I took my family out for breakfast as a surprise and they were very grateful.
I got my taxes back and got a bigger refund than expected.
My wife submitted her letter of resignation and signed a new contract at a new employer.
i  liked shopping very much. today i ordered 5 jute bags from jute cottage banglore through online. which makes me happy.
Something that made me happy was meeting with an advisor for school.
My brother achieved great human award from a recognized institution 
Today, I met my old friend after 10 long years and we had a great time sharing the old memories.
I had a glass of iced coffee in the morning.
I was very happy when I went to the gym and accomplished my goal of bench pressing at least 200 pounds, while being only 155 pounds.
My cat ran around the house very hyper and then slept adorably all day long.
I went to visit my friend in Daytona beach.
Seeing my dog so excited that I had brought him biscuits from outside.
I had what I expected to be a difficult conversation but it went much better than expected.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
This morning I made a pretty awesome breakfast, made some eggs, toast with blackberry jam, and a cup of coffee. 
Went out and got doughnuts from Krispy Kreme.
The doctor said my daughter is not infectious anymore.
Upon reviewing photos from a weekend photo session, i was very happy with the outcome despite the children not being 100% cooperative
Went to the vet to check my dog's health
I finally turned in the coins I have been collecting for the year, and received a decent amount of money.
Had a good friendly conversation with my sons mother. 
Watched my daughter play at a trampoline park today.
My boyfriend of 5 years and I cooked dinner together and ate the product of our hard work together on the couch, watching TV. 
I had sex, it was super fun.
Watching the University of North Carolina (my favorite basketball team) win the NCAA Basketball Championship
I received a friend request from a long-lost friend on facebook! 
During my work in the office, my coworker who is more than 40 years older than me said, "Thank you for always being such a wonderful young man." 
I woke up to see my wife looing back and me and smiling.
My wife baked cookies for dessert tonight.
I felt happy when my 10 year old grandson, Zach, visited and asked me to teach him a song to play on his uke and I could teach him the chords and play along with him since we both have ukes.
My cat, Juliet, made me happy when she started playing with the shadow of her car toy. 
My girlfriend's birthday began in my time zone.
Getting this hit again!
It was my mom's birthday today.all of the family members gathered to the bedside of my mom at midnight to wish her happy birthday.This was the happiest moment of my day.We were singing songs and wished her. I really love my mom.
The Women's National team beat Finland 5-3 to go undefeated in group play. They'll move on to the elimination rounds with plenty of confidence. 
Sipping a chai latte.
A disliked coworker was fired.
Watched the NCAA final and my team (North Carolina) won
My dog throwing her pink alien toy around.
I had picked North Carolina to win in my NCAA bracket pool at work, and they won, gaining me $120!
I presented an important project at work and it went well.
In today early morning walked with my friends, unexpectedly saw two snakes, they were played with each other. this is  first time we saw two snakes dancing
I got 18 out 20 on my Philosophy paper!
I managed to send some money to my mother. I hadn't managed to do this in the previous three months because I had been short of money.
I was having a bad day, and was sitting outside my front door.  My neighbor, who doesn't speak English, was grilling next door.  He offered me a beer and cigarette even though we have a hard time communicating.
Today I went to temple.
I had a delicious California burrito for lunch.
I won a match in a game I was playing.
I had a really good workout.
I finished my college physics homework.
I bought toothpaste on sale today.
When myself got new smartphone 
i got assigned to an exciting project at work.
I hit very little traffic on the way to work
My dad said I could pick out any shirt I wanted to wear for accepted student's day this Friday. 
My boss asked me to work overnight and I said no.
I opened my phone and saw that a podcast I enjoy had updated with a new episode.
I was at work today and found out a fellow co worker whom is lazy and nasty to my cashiers has been transferred to another department!  I no longer have to deal with her!!
I got a good workout in this morning. 
This morning I seen a drone flying in my neighborhood and it was very intersting to watch
Yesterday I was able to take advantage of a break in the weather and get out on my bicycle for more then an hour.
Drank my favorite coffee (Chameleon Cold Brew-Vanilla) this morning. 
Yesterday morning, I found out that I got an A in my anatomy exam on the bones that I studied hard for. 
Today, I completed my first class of Spring quarter, and it made me happy because I am almost done graduating.
I renewed my library card and got to check out some books that would have cost me a lot of money.
Watching my young children in the laughing and splashing in their bubble bath. Watching them enjoy each others company makes my heart melt because I love how they laugh and the simplest of pleasures. It humbles me.
i am a good worker of my manufacturing company.i have some good qualification.but have some stage fears so i don't presented for my project.so my co worker treat very poor of my but yesterday i presented one presentation. it is very good presentation. my higher officers also encouraging me.i feel very proud that moment.it is very helpful to my career increments.
I started receiving traffic on my twitch channel where people started coming and watching me play games. I dont get many people on there so it was nice to have multiple people come on at once. 
I watched the show "Dancing with the Stars" with my mom tonight.
What made me happy was eating at an expensive restaurant, while my favorite jazz musician was playing on stage. It was a jazz restaurant and very special because it was for my birthday celebration. I have never seen this artist live so it was a very happy moment for me. The musician was even much better in person. The food and wine was also just perfect. I thoroughly enjoyed my evening.
I love all dots. I am married to many of them. I want all dots to be happy. Dots are my brothers. I am a dot myself.
I love all dots. I am married to many of them. I want all dots to be happy. Dots are my brothers. I am a dot myself.
I went to workout today for the first time in 3 months, after my workout i ran on the track and became very tired and stopped running. Then i pushed myself to keep on walking for the rest of the mile even though i was already exhausted.
What made me happy in the past 24 hours is talking to my boyfriend who I only can see once a week. Being able to talk to him is the closet I can be with him sometimes, so talking to him makes me happy and breaks up my busy day. We usually talk about his job, his dog who I adore and we talk about my day as well. I look forward to when we are able to see each other everyday but for now we have to cherish the small moments we have together. 
WHEN I GOT A NICE BIG FISH.
MY WIFE GIVEN SUDDEN SURPRISE TODAY.WHAT IS THAT ,TO DAY MY BIRTHDAY SHE IS GIVEN WONDERFUL GIFT. THAT IS HAPPIEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE.
I was happy when i realized I could pay my car note in the same app as my checking account, since they are both with the same bank now.
Last morning we family members planned to go for goa to spend summer holidays.it was so inreresting
When I woke up this morning to an empty house and didn't have any pressure to help others as soon as my eyes opened. 
I found a money order that i had bought to pay my rent.
I was happy when I was able to eat a slice a cake that I had been craving for a while. 
Eating Taco Bell  because I was starving!
I made a sale on eBay for $6.50 on a trading card.
The event that made me happy within the last 24 hours had to do with my children who were suppose to change schools but at the last minute we decided not to move and their class when I brought them to school today ran to hug them because they didn't leave.
A long chat with my dad past night make me feel happy
Buying a gourmet dessert
A good breakfast
Finished watching Futurama season 8.
We went out to eat at Panda Express.
I watched the basketball game with a bunch of friends.
I was extremely happy that my next door neighbor invited me over for dinner today, which he does on occasion.
I played the piano again after 10 years and it reminded me my childhood.
I went out to dinner with a friend.
My happiest moment was when we went for boating and the road TRIP. It was the best and memorable moment for both of us.
Being able to talk with a good friend of mine that I haven't seen for a while.
Watching my son get excited to go visit his grandparents house.
went to an amusement part and really enjoyed
My husband and I bought donuts that I had been craving for a few days.
I got to FaceTime and have a nice talk with my boyfriend.
I was able to fix a bug in one of my programs and that allowed me to finish other tasks.
i planned to buy a cooler for home , i informed about this to my wife she was very happy. i was also happy when i saw smile on her face.
I got my visiting visa approved
My cat brought me a toy to play with.
I achieved 30 days of sobriety.
I got appreciation from my boss for my work. 
Our nearby river again filled with water yesterday after heavy rain. We can now swim again.
I gave a packet of milk to a stray dog
My son played good cricket with me.
I drove my brother to San Francisco Airport and we had a great time talking about many different subjects.
I wrote a letter to our chief minister to save water from warming situation and replied to me thanks for the information then i am very happy
Last night me and another friend hid behind a compost bin (at work) in the dark and scared another co-worker.
Got to sleep in.
My daughter telling me she liked my cooking.
The first thing that made me happy was my song learning to crawl a few hours ago.
Seeing how nice the weather was today and going for a walk
I hugged my spouse.
My friend got a new car and she let me ride with her in it, it is a very nice car.
YESTERDAY I WENT TO DINNER WITH MY FRIENDS
I had a delicious steamed milk and coffee combo at work.
I completed a difficult project at work and was told I did a good job on it.
Taking some time to listen to my favorite audio-book made me happy.
I left my purse at home and my boyfriend came and brought it to me at work.
I got a mturk HIT which pays $1 for surveys every day for 30 days and win  $500 for successfully completing the surveys for a month which is nice to hear and that made me happy
today i have watched the end of walking dead. it was really awesome and fantastic.it made me think about all day.
I was able to see Dr. Angela Davis speak in person on Sunday.
Yesterday i won marathon organised by my office, very happy. 
I found out that my best friends mom came out of surgery fine and is doing well.
I texted the person I love.
I went to my favorite coffee shop for lunch today. Their muffin is fantastic as always.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I only had to go to my assigned medical school rotation, and got to work for a few hours with the free time. 
My teacher told me that my writing made her feel warm and fuzzy, and I got to reflect on the writing and it was very nostalgic for me.
In last 24hrs I got a good news that my best friend got 75% in MCom n I was so happy that we went out for celebration.
I had this really good conversation with my mom about my life and what to do in the future today and it helped me feel better about myself. 
I was happy this morning when I went to volunteer at the dog rescue I go to every week and one of the dogs named Woody came and stood against a by my leg to wait for me to walk him and whatever else we were going to do.
I was able to finish an exam that I needed to take for work.
North Carolina winning the NCAA basketball tournament.
I completed my Fajr prayer on time.
It was the day after spring break, and my son fell asleep very late and had a hard time waking up today. I asked him if he was tired at school and he said he fell asleep in art, but the teacher didn't catch him, which made me smile by the honesty.
I was watching the NCAA Men's Basketball Championship Game, and Gonzaga was playing well and leading UNC at times.
i just saw an girl riding R15 bike in my college
I got complimented by the boss that I worked for today for excellent customer service.
I got diarrhea and my girlfriend recommended one tablet and I got my diarrhea cured and that moment feels happy.
I received 2 tentative job offers from 2 parks.
I had a good and long conversation with my father after so many days. We resolved some misunderstandings and I am feeling great after that.
ENJOY TO THE FRIENDS
I watched a new unexpected music video from a group I like.
My childhood dream was to explore the Bangalore city and my husband fulfilled my dream by taking me with him on bike. We went to many places yesterday from morning till night, explored different kinds of foods and it is my best day forever.
Picking up my brand new pre-ordered Apple iPad at Best Buy made me happy today.
I went out with a sibling and we went shopping, this opened my eyes and relaxed my tension, I have been stressed about work the whole weekend.
I went to an anniversary dinner.
Try to put on some music an hour or so before to relax you. Bring along your favorite CD. The shop may or may not allow you to play it. If not, bring an iPod or discman. You will want to be as relaxed as possible. Let your artist know it is your first and they will try to make the experience a good one! Try striking up a conversation with the artist during the tattoo to take your mind off if it. You will probably be a little nervous, and anything to take your mind off the situation helps! Also, call ahead and ask if a friend will be allowed with you. Some artists allow others in the room; other shops are strict and have rules against anyone else being in the room. If you can, bring a friend.
I got to help my daughter with a new toy sewing kit her aunt gae her. IT was a new experience for me and we both enjoyed trying it out for the first time.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I watched Wrestlemania 33 on Sunday.
I finished my exam with confidence. 
I turned in my current car and upgraded to my dream vehicle, a RAV 4.
I received my trousers online which I liked very much.
Going to visit my significant other.
I past 24 hours i went for an interview. There are more than 200 people we came for the interview.Out of 200 i got selected. That felt me made so happy.
My daughter did a Bharathanatyam dance program in big temple , she performed well . My mother came and saw that dance program and she gave kichadi (food) which she prepared for us. That incident made me happy.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO YOGA
I WENT TO TEMPEL
I completed covering all books and notebooks of my son for his new academic year.
The first happy moment is I achieved some target in MTurk, I daily plan to earn some dollars from Mturk and I met the target and that moment feels happy.
My daughter made a sweet drink for me.
I went to shopping mall.
India is a land of festivals. There are many festivals. For the rituals of the festival one has to get up early in the morning. I also Got up early in the morning today. After daily routine i.e toothbrush, bath etc. I got ready for the rituals of the festival. It gives lot of pleasure in doing all these rituals. They keep your mind fresh. and give inner strength. Its a real HAPPY Moment. 
I finally got paid yesterday and paid off my big bills for the month.
I went to the soaking pool with a friend I haven't seen in a while.
I got compliment for my work from my colleague.
I WENT TO TEMPEL
I planned a trip with my friends.
I was happy when I was at the bar joking around with friends.
I went for a body check up organised by a club and the check up showed that i am perfectly alright.
I went to the lake with my boyfriend & son.
Went to the hardware store to pick up my new toilet.  The people helping me were friendly.
My dog gave me kisses.
I visited a hospitalized relative and was able to see first hand that he is feeling much better.
Hubby made hamburger and pineapple pizza for dinner!
I helped a friend with their Organic Chemistry lab experiment.
I am doing my job in a small company after long back in my job i reached my target that was very happiest moment for me.
I got selected for the Training in United states and only 1 among each location gets selected.
My team Lead and reporting applauded my effort
I was brushing my hair and decided to start brushing my rabbit and she loved the scratchiness of the boar bristles, which caused my brain to release a heavy stream of dopamine watching how happy it made her.  
It was my closest friend's marriage yesterday. We had so much fun
My partner passed an exam that he has been worried about for a few weeks.
It made me happy when my children did their chores without being told to do so. 
My dog learned to shake hands with me after I have been training her for two weeks.
Having time to come home, cook and enjoy some time to myself.
Yesterday i went to my village for ugadi festival and i enjoyed with my family, went to temple that is the one of the famous temple, most of the people came from different areas at that time i enjoyed a lot.
I was happy when I was able to settle a debt that has been hanging over my head for sometime.  I was able to make a call and strike a deal that actually lowered my debt.  This made me really happy because I will be free from my debt and I got it for a lower price.
GETTING ANOTHER JOB IN OTHER GOOD COMPANY WITH HIGH PAY
I met a nice dog today.
I was finally able to purchase a gym membership today after being a guest of a friend for the past 2 months.
My boss told me that I have been kicking ass and that I will be getting a raise.

I went hiking with my husband, son, and dog.
I played guitar with a friend of mine for a couple hours.
Today I received a bonus at work because of my attendance, it was needed because I have a dance to go to later in the month!
Animal control found and returned my dog that I had though ran away.
I obtained and used an illicit substance, which was very enjoyable.
YESTERDAY, MY SISTER'S SON TALKED AT PHONE AND HE WAS ONLY ONE OF YEAR OLD . I WAS VERY HAPPY HEARING HIS LITTLE VOICE.
I met my friend for lunch on his birthday.
I enjoyed to join the event Kpop concert. I met SNSD, Red velvet and Army. Wild crowd made me crazy
My husband baked a key lime cake with key lime frosting for dessert tonight.
Finally was able to grill outside with the family. Weather was nice and we spend good quality time together enjoying outdoors and family time.
I got to take a nap.
I received a card in the mail with a $100 gift card as a wedding present!
I overheard my children laughing and playing together in the next room.
"There are many moments in my life which can make me feel happy.I feel happy because of different events from receiving a small postcard till increasing in my job.The first thing that came to my mind was my entering to the university.I've been waiting the results for about 2 weeks. And was very happy when have read them
I think that`s beacuse as everyone I worked very hard for it during 2 years . And the entering to the university made me feel that all these had sense and made it yes that time was my happy moment

To day i went to meet my friends
I almost finished the stainless steel lid for one of my canteen cups which I have started several weeks ago.
I was able to have Nacho cheese tacos for lunch. I was so excited, because I had not had them in quite some time! 
I met with a friend to eat lunch and chat.
Getting A grade in semester
Playing video games.
I got a recognition from my boss and her boss on a great job I did doing some marketing. Wow
My husband brought me chocolate truffle cake for our 8th wedding anniversary as a surprise gift. Since, our son has slept we celebrated romantically....
I worked my first shift at my own desk and didn't need help.
Reunion of old collage mates 
It was a gorgeous day - sunny and 68 degrees!
I was able to use a gift card to buy some pizza for lunch that I had been craving.
i went to dance bar yesterday night
My husband called me yesterday to tell me that he had booked a ticket for me and our son to get to him. He is staying far away for work. 
Last night father give me a surprise gift as CAR occasion of my birthday its a happiest event for me.
We went out for dinner last night
My cat fell asleep on my stomach.
My mother surprised me with my favourite dish as I was upset with her
I turned in my final paper for a class.
I ate fresh mangoes
I ate a couple mangoes. 
I came home from work and my wife made ribs for dinner.
A small event that made me happy was finding a pack of cigarettes. I really wanted to smoke but I did not think I had any lying around. I happy I was able to satisfy myself.
this morning, I have broken rice dish, it is with grilled ribs and fish sauce, extremely delicious, I was very happy.
A smile never cost anybody anything and a day seems to go better when you are surrounded by colleagues that smile and are willingly to help you anytime or just to hug you when you are not feeling ok.Short going-out-for-some-air breaks give you the perfect time to have a moment just for yourself in which you can analyze your daily problems.
Yesterday I took off work and spent the evening napping in bed with my dogs until my boyfriend got home from work.  
Baseball season has started!
family members are go to yercaud we are see the 12months once born the kurinji flower
I went to my native place and met my family
I was happy yesterday when my parents called and talked to me for an hour, telling me many funny stories of their new retired life.
I met with my school friends and enjoyed a lot.
I got to play some call of duty black ops yesterday. I thought my xbox controller was broken but it totally worked and I got to play for a few hours! 
I got to play some call of duty black ops yesterday. I thought my xbox controller was broken but it totally worked and I got to play for a few hours! 
I slept a lot, and i was full of energy
I went at the park with my dog
I meet my old friend Dave
I met up with a friend whom I hadn't seen in 11 years. 
Visited a new hiking area with friends.
My wife gave birth to a baby boy and this made me happy.
I went on a romantic date with my girlfriend.
I found fresh peaches at the Farmer's Market.
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
Went on a night walk with girlfriend.
I had a wonderfully satisfying dinner.
MY HAPPY MOMENT FOR YESTERDAY I WAS GOING FOR THEATER IN CHENNAI.
went to my favourite devotional place
I won $500 bucks on a scratch off ticket that I purchased earlier today, I am still pretty much in shock that I won such a large amount.
I worked on a creative video project.
I played a video game online and my teammates and I won the game after one hour of playing. 
I had lunch with an old friend.
My grandfather got back from his trip.
I ate Mexican food.
Had breakfast with my close friend and we chat for a while.
Satisfying and fast training run on a beautiful cool spring evening.
I was happy when I picked up my car from the repair shop and found out the costs were cheaper than I expected.
My mom gave me money so that I can buy a brand new iphone 7 tomorrow.
I played cricket along with my friends.
I am a fan of Gonzaga, and I am glad that they made it to the championship game in basketball.
Last night I was able to walk a mile with little to no fatigue.
My friend gave me a computer game free, which he bought and it is very interesting.
Last day i got a special gift from my loved one.
I was happy when I got on the train to come home and see my fiance and my dog.
My brother in law and his family came to visit us.
I found some new songs on Deezer.
My daughter telling me happy birthday.
My sister in law made sloppy joes for dinner.  It is literally one of my favorite things to eat.
It made me happy when my wife cook delicious food for me everyday.
Today, I receive a phone from my friend. We had not spoken in the the last couple of months so it was an opportunity to catch up on life and all that was happening.
I watched a great college basketball game between Gonzaga and UNC.
Yesterday I was called back for an interview for a job I applied for and have been waiting to hear back from for a while.
My brother got an invitation for an on-site project in Europe. When i have received the call from my brother, i was very happy for him. He is also very excited. I am very happy to see him going for an on-site project after a long time.
Having lost my deaf dog somewhere in the house or garden and searching for her for 15 min utes. I was happy to find her in the bathroom happily cleaning the toilet seat, she was very pleased with her self. The look on her face still makes me smile
We had some heavy rain last evening and I have been behind on sleep lately so this was the perfect opportunity to get under the blankets and enjoy one of the best night sleeps I have had in months.
i kissed my lover last night
I was able to eat a delicious I personally made
I went for a run in the park, then did some calisthenics exercises.
An event that made me happy was watching the basketball championship with my family.
I was able to watch a fantasy movie I wanted to watch for some time.
My friends gave me a gift for my birthday, it really made me appreciated since i wasn't sure they cared enough
I binge watched a really good tv show.
My toddler, who is now 2 year old, learnt the poem, I used to sing to him to bed.  
I organized the floor of my pantry, cleared out junk and nearly stacked what's left.
I felt quite happy when my freshman daughter got to play in the varsity lacrosse game - and went on to score 2 goals!
I made a great egg, bacon, and cheese breakfast sandwich this morning.
My daughter turned in some quality Spanish work that made her grade go up!
I had chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast, which was really good.
I was able to see my parents for the first time in a long time.
I had a nice dinner out.
Woke up with no fever, feeling really good after three days. 
Starting a new show on my app that I found interesting.
I had a great workout last night and feel great about my level of effort. 
I got to relax and watch the Walking Dead. 
It was a really nice day and I drove through a nice neighborhood listening to music.
I was accepted into a competitive training program on a statistical method I'd like to master.
I bought a present for my wife.
Today in the morning i was sitting idle and thinking of one of my friend who has not talked to me over 1 months suddenly the phone bell rang and i picked and he is the same person whom I am thinking about so deeply. i got a call from him It makes me happy. 
I was sitting outside in the garden and reading a book.
I received a piece of mail that I had requested over a week ago.
My 6 year old finished her first grade reading program.
My boss' boss brought in two types of snacks for our meeting.
My wife mentioned to me that she signed up for us to foster a rescue puppy that needs care.
School was canceled because of the bad weather. The weather cleared up around 9am though and it turned out to be a beautiful day that I got to unexpectedly spend with my husband and kids. ( I'm a teacher)
I was happy that my daughter is doing better.  She has been sick for three days with the flu.
I got over a hundred percent on my computer science exam.
Texting with my sister-in-law as she conveyed the message that my mother-in-law, currently in cancer treatment, was doing very well.
My child growth has happy moment
When I found out my kid was going to play professional football.
i got good appreciation from my MD
I found a new project at work that no one else was working on that will be very useful to the company
I was able to get an appointment with my favorite hairdresser and got my hair cut.
I received an $18 gratuity from a table that was very difficult to serve
I received some gifts from my coworker who came from vacation.
I received an item in the mail that I had been waiting for.
I sourced a good pick for my amazon store
I played a game in my mobile phone
I was happy when I was playing with water outdoors with my kid.
I completed a 37 mile road bike ride with an awesome average speed.
I received a refund check from a doctor's office that had over-charged me with whom I had been arguing back and forth for months. 
I made the best orange roughy I have ever made for dinner last night.
I found a very cute video of a kitten that was running around and acting like a ninja!  Made me happy and giggle.
UNC won the NCAA basketball tournament!!
I got to have dinner with my wife.
I went out with a couple friends and drank a ton; by the end of the night we were a lot closer as friends.
Making a decision to finally go the doctor about my hemorrhoids actually made me happy, believe it or not as I could now just stop worrying about it and get relief. 
I went to my last OB appointment and got verification that my baby is healthy and ready to be delivered.
Purchased a Bicycle for exercising and keep my body fit.
Had a solid phone call with a customer who was previously upset.
I put on my favorite sweater and I took a minute to feel comforted by how it feels around me.
I ate Alfonso Mango of this season first time. 
My favorite game was getting boring so I decided to relive playing it for the first time, by redoing all the parts of the game in sequential order.
yesterday we went to queen bar. we really enjoyed after a long time.
My girlfriend made it another into her pregnancy.
One happy moment I had yesterday was when I realized my girlfriend made stuffing as a side dish for dinner
I woke up this morning and had a cup of coffee while my dog was sitting in my lap peacefully.
I won a card game with three friends. 
My cousin called me and we talked for two hours. 
I was happy when I had a conversation with a friend that retired from work few weeks ago; it was nice to hear from him again.
When I got up this morning, my girlfriend had made me breakfast. The coffee was started and we were ready to get up and go today.
When my teenage son hugged me for no reason.
I found a an article of clothing I had been looking for!
I ran for the metro and managed to catch it just on time
My daughter was taking a bath in the sink and giggling.
I got a new puppy for free from my neighbor.
Yesterday i scheduled an interview with a manager of a different department that i want to start working in. I hope that it will lead to a new job in that department that will advance my career. 
I had carrot cake for breakfast.
The lunch with my best friend today  makes me so much happy, we had a conversation of many topics including funny and intellectual, that makes me happy.
I love watching North Carolina basketball -- and now they are the champs!
Enjoyed a 2 hour hike outside.
I asked a girl out and she said yes. I then got her phone number and we have a date scheduled.
I went to the club last night with my friends and had a great time there, so I was happy.
I made a really good dinner.
I rode my bike to work yesterday, it was beautiful outside.
I cleaned up my entire wardrobe which was pending since many weeks.
My mother's friend came over to see me and my baby.  We went out to lunch and played with the baby together.  This made me happy.
I was able to help my nephew with his school work. He has been struggling for awhile to do hi homework. Yesterday was the first day in a month he was able to get it done with in an hour. That really made my day

I made a dessert yesterday that was pretty easy to make and I thought it turned out pretty well, and when I ate a piece today, I really enjoyed it; I thought it was maybe even better than when I first made it and I was very pleased with myself for having made it.
My favorite brand  of coffee creamer was on sale.
Seeing that there is another "What made you happy?" HIT available on mturk.
We had a food day at work yesterday which meant we had really good food on our team brought in so i didnt have to bring a lunch to work.
My back pain went away after taking some tylenol.
I had a long, relaxing bath with scented candles. 
I got home from work last night and spent time with my daughter.
We bought carpet for our screened in porch, it will be nice to have the concrete covered. 
I talked to my parents, and they seemed to be doing well.
My husband put my brand new kitchen in
My Wife and I got our daughter some professional help that we hope is going to give her clarity in life.
I woke up before my alarm, so I wasn't jarred out of a deep sleep.
I picked up bagels for everyone at the office.
I was very happy watching my daughter hit softballs in the batting cage at practice.
In the mail yesterday I received the last items for my daughter's Easter basket. I know she is going to be thrilled with it on Easter morning and the thought of that makes me happy.
I was with my girlfriend and we were doing a crossword puzzle and laughing really hard. It was a really happy moment.
I went to bed early last night and slept soundly and woke up feeling refreshed.
i have been promoted as senior finance manager
I took a long afternoon nap.
Went for a hike by myself.  Nice day.  Felt good.
I had an apple turnover for dessert.
The day my brother marriage reception function, my friends and my relatives my to my home. 
we are enjoyed the function. we are celebrated the party and playing funny games and dancing seeing program
we are enjoyed and i am very happy the day.
One of my happiest moments is mowing the yard for the first time in spring, because I love having everything look beautiful accompanied by the thought of nicer weather.
UNC won the national title!
I had a really hard core work out.
After putting the finishing touches on a logo for a client, I was very much satisfied and happy with the result.
I went running outside and ran into a new neighbor i wanted to meet. We had a good conversation and made introductions. It was something i had wanted to do for a while.
My application to Merch by Amazon was approved after 6 months.
Having a cup of coffee with a bit of honey in it made me happy this morning.
Pretzel bun brats for dinner
My daughter gave me one of her peanut butter cookies. 
Yesterday evening we put a bid in on a house that we have been wanting for a number of months. 
i was happy to go to sleep yesterday.
I found a penny tails up on the ground, which always reminds me of my older sister.
When my brother-in-law opened his gift yesterday, it made me happy-because I could tell I FINALLY picked out something he liked.
I was very happy when I got a text from my job prior to going in for the morning letting me know that my 9:00 patient canceled.  He is very unmotivated, does not work on his home exercise program and does not regularly attend his physical therapy sessions.  I did not feel like putting the time and energy into explaining to him all the reasons once again that we can not advance his program based on what I stated earlier.
I had a delicious chicken salad for dinner.
I was able to talk on the phone before bed for over 30 min with my boyfriend who is working in a different city.
I got off work early yesterday.
I received a positive appraisal on a home we are in the process of buying.
I was happy when I finished working out yesterday.
In the past 24 hours my daughter learned to finally sit down unassisted and it made me super happy. She sat for a couple of seconds by herself without tipping over.
Last night my wife of 25 years and I got into bed at the same time for the first time in years to watch a movie together on my laptop.
I got on my scale and lost two pounds. 
I watched an episode of Alan Partridge that brightened my whole morning.
It made me happy to find out the score of my test. I was worried that I had not done all that well, but as it turns out I did fairly well as compared to my peers. Receiving this information made me feel happy and proud of myself. 
I went to marriage counseling with my fiancA(c).  We learned a lot about our strengths and that we listen to each other very well.
strawberry pancakes for breakfast
I felt happy yesterday when I was playing blocks with my two year old
I went to the grocery store. I Ended up bumping into an old school mate.  We chatted for what seemed like forever. 
My daughter took a nap in the afternoon.
Go to the mall and buy some shoe
Yesterday, when I arrived home from work and received the mail, there was an unexpected package from my sister in-law. In the package was a shirt that had a saying and a hot dog. She knows how much I love hotdogs, so it was perfect!
Taking a group trip to Mexico for bachelor party.  It has been pretty exciting so far.  We started with 5 people, down to 2 now.  Cant take this guys anywhere nice. lol
I got to sleep in because it was my day off. 
I made a big old pot of chili.
This happened yesterday evening, and it may really seem like a petty, insignificant thing to most people. I have been really tired due to traveling and uneven sleeping patterns. My neck and shoulders have really been tense and uncomfortable. My husband noted this, as I was rubbing my right shoulder and twisting my neck to relieve the tension to no avail. He offered to give me a massage, and I was thrilled to bits. I fell asleep while he was loosing up knots, and though it was somewhat painful, it was much needed. I woke up this morning feeling so loose and hardly no tension in my neck and shoulders. This is so great! That pain was bothering me for days!
I went to the gym.I had a great work out and felt amazing after.I worked out for almost two hours and it was very stress free great feeling.
Seeing a photo of my grand daughter smiling and sitting up for the first time
I signed up a new client who I thought was going to go with another company!
 I went shoe shopping with my best friend. They had a lot of great sales so it made it even better. I was able to buy one pair of shoes
One event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to buy my girlfriend a surprise gift.
Eating french toast for breakfast.
Got sellers of house we are buying to accept repairs
Talking to my parents on the phone
When I got my first internship program in a well reputed company
Last night I started a new Stephen King novel , 11/23/63.
My back hurt less.  It made me hopeful.
I had pizza for dinner and it was delicious. 
Last night my fiancA(c) took me to dinner, just the two of us.
I became happy after learning to play the "Star Wars" theme on the chromatic harmonica in 30 minutes
Making a big sale at work made me happy
I tried a new brand of iced tea this morning and really enjoyed the flavor of it, despite being disappointed by a few recent attempts at trying new iced tea brands.
I made an omelet and it was very good.
I went out to dinner with my daughter and my grandchildren.
Someone invited me yesterday to go on a cruise to Bahamas this summer.
Today, i got my favourite snack from my mother.
I watched the national championship basketball game last night with friends that I haven't seen in a while.
Visited with my family, today.
Watching the UNC Tar Heels win the national men's basketball championship.
Attended a seminar on soft skill development. It was very informative.
The Tar Heels won the national championship.
Today morning I got a $1 bonus for a HIT I did a few days ago.
Watch a movie with my mom and sister on the theater.
I played soccer
I got to watch Wrestlemania and the hardy boys came back!
Traveling to Alabama to visit a casino made me happy.
An event that made me is happy is that I got to go on a walk with one of my dearest friends and catch up on all that is going on in our lives.
My delicious lasagna dinner made me happy. 
When my mom got ice cream from the store
UNC won the national title and I got to storm Franklin Street.
Last night I went for a walk with my colony friend and I was really happy as we could spend time together.
I took my dogs out for a walk and they were so happy to be outside running around and the exercise made me feel good.
An old money making app I used to use started working again because of an update.
My husband was elated that his team won the national title in basketball.
I went to a Chinese food buffet with my fiancee and got to eat whatever I wanted.
My daughter slept through the night for the second time since being born!
I ate a cheeseburger
The sun is shining and it's going to be a beautiful day!
I indulged in free pizza at one of my local bars.
The class that I teach once-a-week went very well and everyone seemed to understand the difficult concept in the lesson. 
My three month old son looked into my eyes and smiled and laughed.
Flew back from Florida with my family.  It was a great weekend and a great time to reflect on the fun we had.
My husband and i went mushroom hunting at our local lake yesterday. 
This HIT which helps me reflect on the positive things in my life instead of just the negative ones!
I found a television show available on demand that I'd wanted to watch for a few years. I've been looking at watching this show for a long time, but it's available free this week, and it let me finally jump into watching it. The show was extremely engaging, and I'm currently binge watching it.
I went to the Studio Movie Grill to get a ticket for my son with a ticket pass he got from buying a Blue Ray.  The manager could not figure out how to submit the ticket voucher, so he just gave me the ticket for free :)  He was happy to do it too, which is unexpected.  It made me happy to be treated with such kindness as a single mom.
I watched the season finale of The Walking Dead
I worked with IT to get a big problem we were having with the website fixed.
I played fetch with my rambunctious chihuahua. 
My friend called and we talked for a long time
My husband and I won the League of Legends game that we were playing. The team composition highly favored the other team. We were able to pull out of a win from a situation I didn't think possible. 
Me and my significant other went out to dinner together, and discussed some future plans we currently have.
I went out to the zoo and saw a few animals. 
Waking up at a beach house.
To day my son birthday.
I was able to enjoy the good weather outside and while having a snack.
Not having to argue with my daughter about finishing homework last night made me happy.
The game I've been waiting months for, Persona 5, came out and I went to get it from the store.
I got something in the mail I had been waiting for.
I was happy when I came home from work and my girlfriend surprised me with a nice bottle of wine.
I ate my favorite meal. 
I successfully cooked a new complicated meal for my family
I was happy because I contact a new client and he hired me
I got to sit for an entire hour and knit on a blanket for myself, I even got to sip hot cocoa while I know.
I received an email that my manuscript, which I had worked on for a long time, had been accepted for publication with minor revisions.
I helped my parents out at their office. 

my daughter picked my a flower after school
I reheated a dinner that I made for my fiance, and he said that he liked it. 
It's always the happiest days for families when they adopt a puppy and bring them to their new home. I remember the first days we welcomed Mylie (right) and Max (left) into our family, it was a day full of joy and warmth. I will never forget them when they were little puppies prancing around their new house and having the highest-pitched barks. And to this day, they are still my little babies that make my days brighter. 
An event that made me happy was waking up yesterday morning to warm weather in Florida and being able to feel the warm temperatures before flying back home to Rochester NY.
When I hit my personal bench press record.
I put in a purchase offer on my first house.
I made baked potatoes for dinner last night with some leftover brisket, cheese, and sour cream as it is one of my favorite meals.
My girlfriend has come to see me and it was a surprised. She had bring my favourite food and we talked the all day and we made love. It was a very happy and intense moment for me. 
I enjoyed walking the dog before dawn.
I was happy when I got my favorite drink at starbucks after work.
I eat my favorite hamburger for dinner last night , a homemade blue cheese burger.
I received recognition from my boss on the job I did on a big customer order and that made me happy to be recognized.
I was happy that Major League Baseball had its first full day of professional games.
I received a package in the mail that contained an item that pertains to a fun hobby of mine. 
Yesterday, I was walking in the park with my son when we saw a turtle that was digging a hole to bury her eggs. 
Happy people don't dwell on the past or worry about the future. ... because they live in smaller homes, drive simpler cars, and own fewer items time spent with friends and family makes a big difference to how happy we feel, generally. ... It's fascinating what a small change in temperature can do. .... So if you thought being old would make you miserable, rest assured that it's likely ...
Today I signed the paper and took the parcel. My hands were itching to open the packet as my curiosity knew no bounds. I ripped the parcel open and found a beautiful I PAD  in it. The parcel had been sent from the Mumbai  and the letter along with it was from my brother who had sent me that wonderful gift. I felt happy and i will to my brother many thanks to him .
I applied to be on the same credit card account as my fiance. I have been waiting all week for the card to arrive so I could begin using it, and it finally happened.
Woke up and it was such a hot and sunny day, so I decided to go for a swim
I made a chocolate cake for dessert for my husband.
I was happy to be able to go for a bike ride after work.  
I went and sat in thee park and watched the ducks on the water gliding around. It brought peace and stillness into my day and gave me major clarity. 
I talked to a girl from work on the phone for an hour.
I mowed the lawn and got it looking all nice.
I finished filing my taxes and sent them to the IRS electronically.
When i opened my eyes my son was staring at me.
I received an unexpected gift from my brother
I made a nice lunch today.
Dancing with the stars is on for me to watch
My boyfriend made dinner tonight, and it was delicious.
My wife brought home a fishing reel I was looking at online that I wanted to buy.
There was a fresh rain that was nice
I had a very good workout.
My mother and father in law came over and gave us some gifts of food and decorations for Easter.
I I was happy when my son went to bed without fussing at all.
It was major league baseball's opening day, and my team won!
The person in from of me in line at the store let me go in front of them. 
I made some extra money.
i seen my grandma when she dropped by earlier today for a visit
I was happy this morning when I got to work and I completed all of my assignments.
I got a free pizza.
I made it all day without any issues at work.
Coming home from work and being able to sit and just listen to some music while I relax
I got to eat breakfast with my girlfriend today.
My daughter knows how to say all of her body parts.
My 7 month old fell asleep on me.
I found some lingerie I liked on sale and made a purchase.
I finally was able to get up at 6AM this morning.
I caught 4 rainbow trout and had a fish fry. Everyone seemed to love eating the fish.
I saw my kid win his lacrosse game
I was given a free dessert at a restaurant.
My boss and I prepared for a meeting with an IRS auditor, and the IRS agent was very easy to talk to and seemed willing to agree to the work that we put together.
I had a great time on my own just now, watering my garden. It brought me some peace of mind.
I spent a few hours getting to know a young lady whom I met at the gym though text messaging.
We got new floors put in some rooms and it looks fantastic!
I ate some delicious food my mom made.
I got a long-overdue haircut and it looks very nice.
I started working out again after being sick for a week
I was able to find and buy everything I needed at the store.
Waking up to realize I was off for the day was a great way to start my day. 
I checked out a library book I have been wanting to for a while now.
Getting off of work knowing I get the next two days off.
I took my dogs to the dog park to play.
I made smoked salmon sushi for my date.
I was able to go out with friends for lunch.
I was let off work early and got to spend the remaining time from my day studying for a test with my girlfriend.
My boss is loving the work I do.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to help children with homework at their school.
I went walking around the lake near my house and it refreshed me, giving me new strength.
I watched a movie on Netflix before going to bed yesterday night.
Tried a new cheese for a pizza that I made last night and I was really happy about the flavor and texture.
I cleaned the kitchen and it looks fresh
I watched an anime and it was really funny.
I was happy to watch a good movie with my wife.
Another thing that made me happy was having a good conversation with my brother who is a really great person.
I got to meet some new clients today and enrolled several in the program I work for.
I opened the box to look at the new sink I just ordered and picked up to get ready for installation.
I received an e-mail reinstating me in school today
Nobody was home today so I was able to finish some chores in peace. 
Watching the women's national championship game and seeing the joy on the USC players face when they won.
I was able to successfully clean a student's computer of some nasty bugs and viruses.
I got to sleep in because I had the day off work.
I completed every item on my to-do list for today.
I secured funding for a project at work that will boost loan sales by at least 60%
I had a nice power nap with the cat.
I put my music on shuffle while I was working on something and it hit three of my favorite songs in a row. 
I was happy when I made the final payment on one of my credit cards.
Playing with my dog when I got home from work.
I got a good review at my job today about my work.
An event that me happy was seeing an angel shaped cloud in the sky. The reason this made me happy is because my mother recently passed away and I feel this is a sign from her. :)
I was happy when we had a potluck dinner with friends. 
I was happy when my daughter called me today before she went to school
Finding out that Mystery Science Theater 3000 is being rebooted, and that it comes out on Netflix in less than two weeks!
I woke up to some good news about my favorite celebrity who I follow closely.
WENT FOR PHOTOSHOOT WITH MY FRIENDS
I acquired a new card in a mobile game that I like to play which was difficult to obtain.
I realized that had we not officially been divorced a few weeks ago, my ex husband and I were married seven years ago today and was happy that I am no longer legally tied to a jerk who left me and left the country.
i went to work
I was booking a flight and just before I finalized the reservation I received an email from the airline about a special deal that ended up saving me over $200.
My wife made me some banana pancakes in the morning and they were delicious. 
My boss in Boston took is out for diner and we didn't have to pay for anything.
I cleaned out my linen closet & donated unwanted items to Goodwill.
I found out I am getting a nice tax return.
My cat came in the house and started rubbing his face up against mine and purring.
I had a really nice talk with a close female friend.
I had ice cream.
Getting all my laundry done for the week so that I don't have to think about it during the week.
Driving to Walmart by myself.
My friend brought his computer over and we played some gambling games together and ate pizza.
Detailed the interior and exterior of my cars.
I picked up a new pair of glasses which I really like.
My horse behaved while I cleaned her feet and gave her medicine.
An event that made me happy today was being able to finish all of my lunch on my break from work. I usually don't have enough time because the lines are so long at the food vendors. 
I spent time organizing my room.
I put in an application to adopt a dog from my local shelter. 
Spending time at the dog park with my dogs and daughter
I watched a movie.
My chili that I cooked turned out tasting delicious; not too spicy and not too bland.
My wife made me my favorite steak and she made some potatoes as well that were delicious
I thought my dishwasher was broken, but taking it apart and cleaning it fixed it so I don't have to buy a new one!
That I was able to sleep in on a Sunday morning.
My husband made me breakfast in bed this morning. 
I found my bank card after thinking it was lost.
I had a great meeting with a partner at my company at lunch. 
my new computer is being shipped.
Yesterday I ran 4 miles while blasting my new Ipod Shuffle that I got for Christmas.  I enjoy working out, but was really tired yesterday and did not want to do anything.  I made myself get up, get out and get running and though I was very tired and sluggish starting, my music quickly got me in the mood and I knocked a whole minute and a half off my pace time.  It made me feel wonderful, especially since I'm training for a 5K coming up the beginning of May.
I found a great cut of beef at the local supermarket for a great price and so I bought it.
I was happy when I got a compliment on how nice I looked today by a stranger.
My cats were chasing each other around the house like maniacs.
I registered for some required classes at my job.
It rained pretty hard today which washed away all the pollen off my car.
I got a group project done before it was due.
Mailing the rent check and ready for the rest of the month to keep going with saving and spending goals. 
I'm almost finished my crochet project.
My hair came out cute
I beat demon souls. 
The fact that I got to let my children see their grand parents for several hours today.
My package came in the mail.
Drinking coffee
My mom was in a really good mood despite the stresses that happened.
A no cooking night for us as we baked a whole chicken yesterday and had yummy leftovers for dinner tonight.
I did a full cleaning of the fish tanks cleaning the filters and scrubbing the insides.
My girlfriend had a bunch of interviews today and they went really well.
I held my baby until she fell asleep.
My home-town baseball team won its home opener!
I took a relaxing shower.
Watching the new episode of Rick And Morty that I've been waiting 2 years for!!!!!!!!!
I made a new recipe for pinto beans. This time I added a serrano pepper and chipotle powder, which added the perfect flavor to it.
My cat curled up on my lap and slept.
It made me happy when I get to see my favorite band live.
My daughter learned 3 new words! She doesnt talk much so that is a huge deal for her!
Entered a 5k race with my buddies.
I received a discount on my iced coffee.
My dog came and curled up beside me while I was trying to sleep in this morning. 
My husband peeled and brought me an orange out of the blue.
Found out that someone is giving me 500 dollars 
I ate yummy rice.
Eating birthday cake for my bosses birthday.
I found out that my friend finished his thesis and is doing really well.
Watching my son sing a song he loves.
I spent time with friends.
I received praise from my boss. 
Yesterday i attended commodity traders meeting and i was very happy to know how to do commodity trading .
Watching the new episode of Rick and Morty
Started watching Daredevil on Netflix, ended up watching half of the first season accidentally.
my amazon refund was on process
My fiance and I had a successful bout of mental sparring 
I didn't have breakfast this morning, but had a delicious big lunch with a few coworkers.
I bought a really nice new shirt today.
My coworker brought in fresh bagels. 
I was drinking my coffee.
When I heard from my friend in the hospital about 2 hours ago, she was in ICU but now is coming home!
I took a nice, relaxing bath.
I came home from work today and my wife told me that she had baked a carrot cake, my favorite. I didn't expect that at all and it was a nice gesture for her to go out of her way and make my favorite dessert, so it made me happy to know that she was thinking about me. 
Today, I got out of work early so, I went for a long jog.
It made me happy to read the newspaper this morning with my coffee.  Best yet, there were no interruptions.
I got a coupon in my e-mail for a two for one meal at a restaurant that was kind of OK last time I ate there, I was pleasantly surprised the meal was delicious and ended up being worth it.
My stepmother cooked me dinner. 
My dad bought me a new pair of shoes.
I went out to breakfast at our local diner. The food was really good 
I got all my chores done on time.
I took a walk during work and listened to my favorite songs on my phone.
My wife made popcorn and brought it in to bed to eat as we watched tv.
I got to sleep in for one more day before going back to work.
I got food stamps today.
I had a fresh couple slices of pizza after doing yard work. 
I was able to catch up on chores and it made me very happy.
Sharing a good joke with my mother.
I got caught up on watching "The Flash."
Got a legendary item in World of Warcraft, been about 3 months since I've been trying for one.
I had a funny conversation with an old crush from high school.
Receiving a package I ordered a month ago and totally forgot about that. Finding it today in the mailbox was a great surprise and made mu day!
I saw that the final paycheck from my old job was processing and finally done and over with.
Today I didn't have to yell at my son to do his school work. It was a nice afternoon, with out having to fright to get the pages done and we had a better day because of it.
I took myself out for a nice dinner.
I got texts from a friend I haven't heard from in a while.
I spent a few minutes speaking with a good friend on the phone. Funny conversations always occur!
i went to help my friend fix up his house to sell, i fixed his window in like ten minutes.
I got to see my mom.
The weather was 60 degrees and sunny today, the first instance of spring weather we've had this year.
I had oatmeal with peanut butter and semisweet chocolate for breakfast.
Today, my good friend and future brother in law asked me to be a groomsman in his wedding next year.
I was happy when I finally got in touch with a wonderful friend that I hadn't heard from in over 20 years.
I sold an item online.
It was sunny and beautiful most of today.  
When I came home from work my 2 year old was jumping up and down with joy to see me. 
I voice chatted with one of my professors about important life events.
Today my sister offered to take me out to dinner for my birthday. My birthday is this Thursday and she made plans to take me to my favorite restaurant this Friday. I'm really looking forward to the weekend!
I watched the Sharks win a hockey game.
I got the courage to go into a new store and came away with a great deal on bread.
I stuck to my diet today and didn't eat anything unhealthy.
I was able to get a freelance gig earlier today that will help me build a new computer.
I Ate a tasty dinner.
When all of my school work was finished for the day.
Learning that my department is going to get a new leader.
I received a gift card through email.
I ordered 2 new shirts off of Etsy. I've wanted them for awhile and finally have the money. 
I beat a difficult level on a video game that I couldn't do previously.
I took a walk in the park after work.
I had a short.day at work.
Finding old pictures of my family.
I went out for lunch and had a steak.
A coworker bought me a breakfast burrito.
I baked some homemade double fudge chocolate chip cookies and enjoyed them fresh from the oven.
Yesterday morning when I went to church with my son, and then we went out shopping at a couple of places and I met one of his classmates from school. 
I got to spend a few hours on the beach with my boys and husband. We played in the ocean and sand.
I finished my work early yesterday and was able to leave work early.
I was happy to take big steps to get out of debt.
I went surfing with my friends. 
my little and quit childs first speech happen today only, so i m very happy.
Just had a few great games with my friends online. We played well and had some good laughs. 
I made a delicious meal for my family.
I went running this morning before it rained and it was a good workout.
go to hotel,beach,park with my family so enjoyed
Today, I was happy when I received a new monitor in the mail
My brother came to my house to play music, and we did that for a couple of hours
I went to class and participated in a good discussion with my classmates. 
I got dressed although I haven't done anything all day.
My son scored two goals tonight as his team won their first round playoff game.  I get so excited to see him score.
I'm always in a hurry to get going, though in general I dislike starting the day. I first have tea and then, at about ten o'clock, I get under way and work until one. Then I see my friends and after that, at five o'clock, I go back to work and continue until nine. I have no difficulty in picking up the thread in the afternoon. When you leave, I'll read the paper or perhaps go shopping. Most often it's a pleasure to work
I was calculating my taxes and I discovered that I am due a refund.  I am going to get a little extra money!
Taking the time to finish the dishes
My wife let me have anal intercourse with her.
Yesterday my partner and I went for a hike in a nearby park. We found rocks that were hand-painted, and had a social media hash tag on the back. Upon researching the hash tag, we found out about a campaign to raise parks awareness where people would hand paint rocks and hide them like an Easter Egg hunt. We painted our own rocks today, and plan to hide them tomorrow. This made me happy because it was something personal to do with her, and by hiding these rocks we will be bringing joy to those who find them, as well as raising awareness for the local parks.
Got called for a job interview tomorrow
I got a good grade on one of my exam.
I loved tasting my first sip of coffee this morning because it tasted so good and it made me feel warm and content.
I took my dogs for a long walk around the small town where we live.
I took my dog on a walk with my girlfriend.
Having a nice dinner with friends
Watched the end result of R/place.
My son had fun playing at the aquarium in San Diego and learning more about scientific/aquatic things.
I went to the beach this morning with my boys and my mother, since she was in town.
I went for a walk and got a coffee.
A woman almost got hurt at my store today, but she got up and walked away uninjured. She was old and could have been seriously hurt by her fall.
I went to go swap out a piece of furniture for a customer, when I got there the customer had decided they didn't want there old recliner chair, so I put it on my trunk, and took it home, polished it up and now I have a free new recliner chair
I got a coffee at Starbucks. 
well good Tell me about a special contribution you have made to your employer. ..... stress of being yelled at and gave him what he wanted, so I'm happy. 
My son dancing in front of her grandma and he preparing juice to her so happy moments in our life
I had lunch with my wife today.
I smelled some coffee brewing.
Made a healthy chicken and veggie dinner, all family members liked it (usually someone has some sort of complaint). 
I was able to buy my mother dinner.
I found a job announcement online for a position where I work that would be a $50,000 pay raise from my current salary and better working hours.
Talked to my daughter on the phone
I sat around all day with my friend and we drank and watched netflix. 
I will have a chance to photograph a family members first birthday party, which will be my first official photo shoot.
I ate a great burrito for lunch.
Won 100 dollars at the casino
Seeing my daughter preform in her band. They won fourth but did well.
I read the details about the Heroes of the Storm 2.0 update that will include loot boxes and its coming at the end of the month. 
I enjoyed my weekend with my family, parents and friends at my home town.
Caught my first bass of the year after the cookout.
My real estate agent sent me a couple of viable purchasing options just a few days after I entered the housing market in search of my first home.
I made plans to go to Disneyland this week.
I woke up before my alarm and had time for a cup of coffee quietly on the couch before I had to rush to get ready. 
Watching my cat and dog play with each other, fake biting and all.
I took a half day off of work to get my hair and nails done. It's Monday, so only working half a day was fantastic!!!
My girlfriend/domestic partner said she needed me during her pregnancy and that I am a vital part of it. 
I had a lovely evening out at a restaurant and our party received a 10% discount on all the food. Although the weather outside was stormy, this did not hamper the enjoyment level.
My husband finally hearing what I have to say about how he is treating others. Instead of wanting and reminiscing on the old days and wanting the people that are not around. Instead seeing who is hear now and appreciate what is in front of him. He heard what I was feeling. and appreciate me.
I was happy to see and hug my kids after school today.
The strange woman who has been sleeping on the couch downstairs found somewhere else to live apparently.
I found a $60 game i've been wanting for $
They are blessing every minute so not only that reason
After a long work day, is it always nice to come home to a warm bed and to cuddle in it. After coming home, I am going to watch a TV show and enjoy the rest of the night. 
I finally went to visit my daughter and spent some quality time with her.  I'm happy because I got the day off and enjoyed spending time with her. 
I went out to dinner with my family
While out and about I happen to see my sister I hadn't seen in a few weeks. We caught up with each other  and told her I didn't know if that was her at first, but then I knew it had to be when I saw that she was driving her husband's distinguishable truck with oven racks attached to the back and of the window and black duct tape slathered on both sides. We shared a laugh about that.
I was able to pay off one of my credit cards
I read a few books at the library.
I was playing a game and ended up in third place out of 100.
I went to a national park with friends, and it was a great experience. 
I received a free ticket to use for entering a contest with cash prizes. 
Finding out that the movie "It" is being re-made.
Listened to an episode of S-Town
I went to the gym and got in a great workout.
Finding out that my mother is sending me a care package full of goodies and treats.
My husband getting a job interview.
I read a story I enjoyed that one of my friends wrote.
I got to enjoy the sunshine outside with my dogs for a little while.
I ordered an item on Amazon
I had a long talk on the phone with my grandmother, which made me happy. 
My little brother had his 16th birthday. 
I made progress on my things on my to do list that I've been avoiding and hate doing.
I purchased stock this morning and it was quite thrilling.  
When I was buying groceries, the cashier told me that she loved my outfit.
I made a work schedule for this month successfully.
We had the first warm rain of the year this afternoon and it made it feel like spring is really here.
I sold an item on eBay. 
I didn't fail my last test.
Tonight I left the gym just in time to avoid the rain.
My classes got cancelled today and that made me happy. 
I was happy to make plans again to be with my mom and have dinner later on this week with my husband as well.
I watched the new walking dead episode. It is one of my favorite shows and I have been watching it since the first season many years ago.
It's easy to impress me. I don't need a fancy party to be happy. Just good friends, good food, and good laughs. I'm happy. I'm satisfied. I'm content.
I finished editing a photo gallery for a client that I had been working on for 3 weeks, and I was really satisfied with it.
Sunday I stayed in bed most of the day watching netflix with my boyfriend and just relaxing until the afternoon
It made me happy today that my girlfriend prayed to God today.
I got $4 bonus from a Mturk requester.
The lady in front of me at Starbucks paid for my drink. 
Watching a documentary with my children.
At the afternoon, when I review the money earned in my mturk dashboard 
Yesterday I got to FaceTime with my kids that live far away.
Today at work somebody gave me a Easter package.
About a day and a half ago I was able to get a new bandsaw, to create good projects with.
I had tiramisu for dessert
On the first day of spring break, we pulled out the Easy bake oven and the kids made strawberry bars
I stopped by a pet store with my girlfriend, and we got to see/touch various pets/exotic animals.
I watched two episodes of last season's Showtime series "Shameless"
My husband cooked a very elaborate and delicious meal.
I got my gas and electric bill and it was lower than last month's!
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest 
moment in my life.
Having a cigarette after two days. It felt so good!
I ate twice today
Today I could see a Rambutan for the first time on the plant. I planted it 2 years back.
I realized I've almost earned enough money on MTurk to buy the video game I've been saving for.
my youngest son gave me a very long, tender hug where he rested his little head on my shoulder.  that almost never happens, and he spends more time hitting me than hugging me.
Hung out with a friend at the last minute. Turned out to be a really good day.
3 HOURS BEFORE I WENT TO SHOPPING WITH MY SON BUYING LOT OF TOYS FOR HIM....THIS IS THE HAPPIEST MOMENT
when i am getting ready to go to my office my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
I found a dollar bill.
A friend did something really funny and we all laughed so hard.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my father send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest 
moment in my life.
Before one week I so very happy because my typewriting exam  in distinction so very happy
When I am getting ready to go to my office, My parents send off with cute smile and say '' Have a nice day take care''
When i am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care."
Being able to enjoy the first day of the baseball season.
I was last happy after my kids went to bed. I crave this alone time and they went to bed early so I have more time to do things for me. 
It makes me happy that I get paid 80 cents everyday just to tell RIT what !makes me happy.
I mediated for 30 minutes 
YESTERDAY WE ARE GOING TO MY VILLAGE AND CELEBRATE THE FESTIVAL THAT'S MY HAPPIEST MOMENT.
I went grocery shopping and bought my girlfriend roses.
Having a burrito for lunch
Yesterday on mturk is my best day i almost made $15.
There were many fun events occurring at my college campus.
I spent time playing with my dog and teaching her new tricks which she caught on to really quick.
I got a facebook request from an old school childhood friend and it made me happy
Today morning one problem to raise
Going to bed early and getting cozy under the covera
We had a short day at work, so I got off early.
MY FRIENDS  AND ME ARE GOING TO THEATER IN CHENNAI THAT MOMENT IS VERY HAPPY MOMENT IN MY LIFE
MY FRIENDS AND ME ARE GOING TO THEATER IN CHENNAI THAT MOMENT IS VERY HAPPY MOMENT IN MY LIFE
Having a cup of coffee this morning.
i was able to get some decent exercise in today.
I bought a new moto g4 plus yesterday that is my favorite mobile and my dream.
I had a delicious coffee and an egg and cheese omelette. 
I got a 38/40 on a test that I didn't try too hard on. 
I took a long, uninterrupted nap and woke up feeling unusually refreshed. 
YESTERDAY I WENT TO MY FRIEND ENGAGEMENT. THAT TIME I SAW MY OLD FRIEND. THAT MOMENT UNFORGETTABLE MOMENT.
YESTERDAY, MY COLLEGE DAY FUNCTION AND I RECEIVED COLLEGE TOPPER AWARD IS MY HAPPIEST MOMENT.
Celebrated Festivals in Temple
I had a really tasty dinner, with tender pork.
I accidentally slept in, I felt less groggy for a Monday.
I got to have sex with my husband that made me really happy
I put the finishing touches on a pair of earrings I had made and they came out perfectly.
I won all of my racquetball games.
My family bought pizza for lunch in which I was really happy since its is my all time favorite food.
YESTERDAY I WENT TO MY FRIEND ENGAGEMENT. THAT TIME I SAW MY OLD FRIEND.THAT MOMENT UNFORGETTABLE MOMENT.
I finished studying for a biology exam.
BEFORE I WEEK  SHALL I GO TO  TEMPLE IN CHENNAI .I LIKE THIS DURATION.
Thinking about a past lover made me happy. 
I have been going for temple in yesterday. So very happy moment for this yesterday
I was able cook dinner without it burning and my wife enjoyed it. 
The wifi in my office wasn't working, so everyone got to work from home for the day. 
I took my dog to the groomers and he looked precious 
She do many misbehavior but 
My husband is good one
I made an excellent burrito for breakfast and it was very tasty.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care".
my dog greeted me at the door when i got home from work!
I drove my son to school and he reached over and gave me a hug before he got out of the car to go in the building.
I went shopping and bought my favorite food.
I got my scooter fixed and it runs perfectly now. 
After I came home from Costco, I took my horse outside for a walk and the temperature was 74 degrees and sunny.  
I had a funny conversation with another Mturker during an experiment.
Getting news today that the car I wanted to buy next week is on sale for  $21,000 for the whole month

Got my work done early and got to take a 2 hour nap before the kids got home from school.
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.
I went to the gym and in the mirror reflection I think I looked good.
yesterday my birthday celebration get together to all over friends celebration for this happiest  moment
Completing my work day. I felt really sluggish but I went through the work day.
Yesterday I played outside with my girlfriend which was nice to get a little relaxation time.
I got out of lab really quick today.  It gave me extra time to relax.  
I had really delicious chicken kimchee fried rice for dinner!
I felt well-rested after an afternoon nap earlier today.
Coming home from work after a long day is always therapeutic to me.
One of my meetings was canceled.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
I went to a going away party for a friend.
Bought a new playstation and television for our new house.
I watched an episode of The Walking Dead.
In the past 24 hours, I enjoyed watching it storm across my grandmother's land, rippling the pond below and lightning striking through the sky, this made me happy and calm.
I found out I have an extra day off work next week.
My dog wasn't coughing today.
I had Taco Bell for dinner.
My fiancee seared sirloin fillets in my grandma's cast iron skillet to PERFECTION.
Got a free uber ride to work today, promo code I found online
I went for a walk outside on my lunch break.
I drove my new car to work.
I went to see my long time boy friend who come from abroad.
yesterday  night i ate my favorite dish in the resturant because after a long time i am eating this dish and i was very happy because the food tasted like my mama was preparing and the food remind me of her because i missed her very much she is dead.
My Moog Mother 32 arrived and it is pretty awesome.
Eating some enchiladas, mainly because this is my favorite food
Quick ride to the mountains with my bike
I discovered that the third season of Rick and Morty finally came out Saturday so I could watch it today.
Myself and my dog went for a long walk.
An event that made me happy a few hours ago was when my hometown baseball team began its season & I was able to watch it on tv.
I won a game of pool against a coworker today. 
I had an excellent workout at the gym, it was leg day and I love leg day!
I watched a video of a Drill Instructor giving lessons to a civilian on how to fold the sheets and blankets for a military bed.  It was really funny and I shared it with my brother.
A student finished a really challenging coding problem and screamed "yes!" at the top of her lungs.
I booked a plane ticket.
When i am getting ready to go to my office my parents send off with cute smile and say Have a nice and Takecare"
Realized there are only FOUR weeks left until I graduate college.
I watched the Braves game.
The birth of my second daughter
I went for a walk and the weather was nice
I sat and played with my parrots, and they were funny.
YESTERDAY MY FRIEND CALL ME FROM U.S.A. AFTER A LONG TIME.THAT MADE ME VERY HAPPY.
My younger son's birthday party celebrated very grandly yesterday, still I'm waiting  for an important guest ( He is my friend and his son is my son's friend) , due to his workload he disappoints me and my son, But it is very fortunate enough he has joined the party last moment and flourished the party and joyous one. The happier moment of my son turns me more happier.
when i bought my dad the new iphone.
I ate a delicious pasta with bolognese sauce. 
I received payment for a job I did a week ago.
Today was opening day for Major League Baseball and I wore my team's shirt to work.
Having ice cream after dinner.
I got to spend time with my kids.
I submitted a large assignment for one of my college courses. I felt extremely happy to have that weight lifted
Culver's has shrimp specials and it was delicious and cooked the way I like it. 
I played tennis with my friends.
There was a parking space very close to the entrance and on my first lap at the gym.
I had steak for dinner, and steak is my favorite food.
I am happy this evening because the Cleveland Indians won their opening game in a come from behind victory over the Texas Rangers.  
I sat with my daughter and watched a TV show and talked about things.
I finally got past this level on a game I've been playing. I felt some accomplishment.
I was able to finish my work days in advance
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.

I went to the doctor with my fiance and she's all ok!
I learned that a school-related video I had been working on has been correctly produced and can soon be accessible to distance learners at my university.
I m very happy because we go to dehradun with air india flight with very cheap rate and its very enjoyable moment.
My crush was the first person to write on my facebook wall for my birthday!
I got great sleep last night and woke up feeling well rested
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.
I had fun playing the app game "akinator" with my roommate for about an hour.
I played video games with my nephew
Seeing that amazon shipped out a game I had preordered months ago and it's finally releasing and coming tomorrow certainly made me happy.
Sold a book on Amazon that I had listed a month ago for $60 dollars.
Watching the All-Star game of DAC 2017.
I got a raise from my boss by 2%. 
Finished the taxes.....finally. 
Got my driving license
I saw that I had a shopping credit on Amazon I had forgotten about so I was able to treat myself to a fancy skincare lotion I didn't think I could afford before.
When I opened the fridge and saw that I have a delicious lasagna leftover that I forgot I had
My son and I did some water color paintings together.
I got to spend time with my friend and former boyfriend. We watched movies, laughed and had a great time. 
The day with my daughter
I got to celebrate my mom's surprise 70th birthday party with family.
The team that I have been supervising at work has made good progress the past month after quite a few struggles in the past.
I found an old friend on facebook and discovered that he is married and starting a family this year.
While I was attempting to follow along on a Tai Chi lesson on my computer, I noticed all of my pets were involved in some way too. 
I watched Bob's Burgers with my roommate/best friend.
I had an icecream with my family.
My landlord confirmed me that he will not increase my rent for this year
I got to go home from work early 
I had a good lunch that consisted of ham and cheese on a sandwich and some macaroni salad.
While driving home from a trip this evening, we saw a beautiful sunset.
I made a decision about something that I'd been worried about, so I don't have to worry about it.
I ordered lunch from a restaurant downtown.
today i found a beautiful flower in my rose garden. it is a new plant. the color of the flower is light rose. which makes me happy.  
Another thing that made me happy was eating Taco Bell for dinner.
My daughter came first in the running event conducted at state level
I took my kid to a ice-cream parlor. My kid was happy and enjoyed the tasty ice-cream.
I watched a new episode of my favorite show Bates Motel.
I was happy when I got an offer for a job I had applied to a month ago and that I thought would never respond back.
A very big purchase I made the other day shipped and will be arriving in 2 days.
I had bacon for breakfast. 
My mother telling me she had won 5 dollars in the lottery.
I was able to make a good contribution to a work project.
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.[3] Since the turn of the millennium, the human flourishing approach, advanced particularly by Amartya Sen has attracted increasing interest in psychological, especially prominent in the work of Martin Seligman, Ed Diener and Ruut Veenhoven, and international development and medical research in the work of Paul Anand.
I managed to clean up my apartment a little bit while making dinner today, it made me feel cleaner and overall happier.
Renewed my Runescape membership so that I could keep playing.
I went to a graduation party and talked with my new friends there.
My son did not test positive for the strep virus.
Done with my jobs Quota
My roommate bought a new video game for us to play, and we all enjoyed that.
Ran my workout in a record time. 
Took a walk on a very warm day.
I found a really good deal at the Grocery Outlet where I paid $1.95 for a box of 12 granola bars that I would normally spend at least $3-4 for.
I went on a 5mi run through a pretty neighborhood.
Today eating a good lunch from a local deli
It rained again today, and I didn't have to pay $3 to get a carwash.
I was able to make lunch plans with one of my classmates for tomorrow afternoon.
I was sitting in a chair looking at a beautiful desert canyon for several hours and the sun changed position and the terrain colors changed
My daughter and I played with toys in the living room.
I felt happy today when my middle daughter, Edie, and I walked together for about an hour in the park and stopped to watch the gigantic vulture in the aviary at the center of the park.
I got happy when I walked outside and saw my car, that I recently bought.
I tried a new roast potato recipe.
Having a better day than usual on a Monday.
The other happiest moment of my day was when all of my family members went for a dinner outside to my favorite Hotel Grand. It was such a happy moment for me as after so long time we are going for a dinner outside together. 
Dad and I went to get Chinese food after the power went out. We don't often get to eat dinner together like that. 
Walking outside and it was a super nice day.
I ate some birthday cake.
Saw a friend I hadn't seen in a while and hung out with him
Making spaghetti dinner for my mother that I knew she would enjoy.
I ended up completing a very complex project at work ahead of schedule and surprised the boss, who was out of town.
I hit a new record lifting in the gym.
we played seesaw game in park. that time my friend down from sitting place and laugh more 
My roommates and I cleaned our entire house and now it is super pleasant and clean and nice to be in!
My neighbor who has been very kind to me, has been having trouble with getting his internet connected.  I was able to help by letting him use my internet.
Today I eat my favorite food.
Xfinity Watchathon started today, and I have free Netflix on my TV for the week.
I had a nice lunch.
I have a job interview coming up that I'm excited for.
I talked with some old friends on Skype.
I bought a chocolate bunny that turned out to be solid instead of empty. It was a good deal.  
When my both son's playing with me
the dodgers won on opening day by a lot.
I finally found out why the DMV hasnt sent my license plates
My usually isolated, shy cat came upstairs and curled up on my lap.
I got my bloodwork done today, so I'll have a better idea of what I'm allergic to.
My cat climbed on my chest and rolled around in a funny way.
I am suppose to visit my daughter and her 7 children tomorrow and something usually comes up on her end where I cannot visit.  She texted me earlier that they do have plans for tomorrow but I am still welcome to come out and visit!
I made it home with little traffic. 
While driving to the Village of Kailua Kona I seen that a home on Alii Drive which had large beams that would be open beams after they put the wood decKing over them.
This morning I finally figured out what was preventing me from copying a customer's data from an old hard drive to a new one and got all his information transfered
My 7 year old son told me he loved me--unprompted. 
A few hours ago, I received the news that my grandma that was in the hospital for a few weeks recovering from surgical complications was going to recovery completely and was healthy enough to be discharged the same day. 
I called my family back home and spoke with them for a while, and I am glad that they are fine.
I didn't experience my usual painful period symptoms, which is a huge relief and source of happiness.
Eating breakfast together with my family. I made pancakes for breakfast and just enjoying the company of my family and discussing the plans for the day warms my heart.
i shared my happiness with my family members they also feel very happy about that moment.it gives lot of fun  in my days.i feel very happy share this event. it is very proud moment in my life .i feel very responsible person in my family.so it will help to my improvements.
A good friend of mine called and we talked for a while. She calls a lot but its always a highlight.
I found a really fun new workout video that I will be incorporating into my weekly exercise routine.
I went to a wine tasting event and was able to try out a few samples of red and white wines. I have never been to such an event and was enlightened greatly. I particularly enjoyed a specific white wine and after inquiring, I purchased one to enjoy for the evening.
I want to be happy. I realized that being happy isn't necessarily about getting there, it's how you get there. It almost sounds like a cliche, but every entrepreneur I've talked to - every good entrepreneur - really enjoys the 'how you get here.'
I'd be happy to live till 80 as long as I was comfortable and in good health. Mind you, ask me again on the eve of my 80th birthday. Even so, I hope we don't all start living to be 120. I'm not sure I'd cope with another 60 years.
I scored a 97 on my Solid Mechanics test, the class average was only 70 so that made me feel very good. I put in a lot of time studying to get that grade and i was very happy about the outcome.
Spending time with my mom after work today. Me and my mom had to go to the post office to drop off some books that she need to help dropping off for the past week. I was happy to spend time with her and be able to talk about a lot of stuff that was on my mind.
 WHEN ALL OF MY GRAND CHILDREN CAME HOME.
IN THE PAST MY KIDS GIVEN KISS ME .WHY I am GIVEN MUCH OF THE TOYS .
I was happy that my cheeseburger tasted so good
I discovered that there was a tax preparation software that was easy to use and it wouldn't cost me anything to file my taxes. 
I feel like my girlfriend has forgiven me for my wrong doing.
I was happy when I was able to play my game for 4 hours. 
Spending time with my husband 
I won prizes for a game tournament on my phone.
I got a call from my fiancee who is NYC almost 5 times today which is very different from when we are around each other everyday and these calls were just to tell me how much he loves me.
a long walk with my girlfriend last evening made my day
Thinking about things I want
no traffic
Started making some weekend plans.
The post office delivered the wireless camera that I had ordered last week.
My friends and I watched a basketball game and ie team won!
Today at work, my supervisor asked me about my weekend and seemed very genuinely interested in my response, and even asked me if I had any other plans for the week.
Writing what makes me happy has forced me to focus on the better aspect of my life.
Class ended for the day
Before mentioning the happiest moment, let me tell you the toughest is the 1st semester. Only after understanding the hardships, you can understand happiness


Finding out that I'm closer to being able to travel abroad.
Eating dinner and relaxing with my wife.
went to movie of my favourite hero
I spent an hour doing yard work in the nice weather.
I had a diet coke during my property class.
I was able to finish an assignment early so I was able to leave early for the day.
I bought a new pet dog
My grandmother got excited over a basketball game.
My best friend from across the country told me he's coming out to visit in May.
I met my old school freinds
I solved a android software issue of my phone.
I saved money in an online deal
A was able to get office early.
I finally started playing my favorite game that I had put on hold for weeks and I had a blast playing it last night.
yesterday i bought a new television it looks likes big cinema theater to see that picture clarity is nice moment
I thought I was going to have to do a big task today at work (making extra lunch for 40 people) but when I found out it was cancelled I was happy.
Finished a long term goal.
My kids going back to school and having the house quiet for a while.
The next thing is my three year old sharing with his brother.
Seeing my students smiling today
I cooked a nice meal.
I managed to set a new record on my pull-ups today!
I PLAYED CRICKET WITH MY FRIENDS AT LAST WEEK SATURDAY. THAT MOVEMENT WAS HAPPY MOVEMENT
We (nicely!) pranked a coworker on vacation by redecorating her desk.
I danced to my favorite music in my room to help me destress.
Winning a game of Magic: The Gathering against my friend earlier today made me happy.
I got to use my new coffee mug that I think is really cute.
I needed money for immediate settlement of bills and at that time I got few nice mturk hits which relieved me of my stress to settle my bills.
today i have watched the end of walking dead. it was really awesome and fantastic.it made me think about all day.
I bought a delicious lunch of shrimp pupusas after the lecture.
My friends gifted me my favorite bike on my birthday yesterday, so happy. 
That my friend make it through the storms in the south safely.
I worked with historical artifacts.
After a week of rain, the sun finally came out in time for my day off.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I watched my kids ride their bikes around the sidewalk. 
I got to talk with my friend at the park and we felt really free and happy the whole time we were there.
In the last 24 hrs I went for a lunch with my client n got a contract which I wanted for so long .it was a successful meeting n lunch .
I exercised today and I've been trying very hard to be healthier and lose weight. 
It made me happy to see that some other people had retweeted some of my tweets about animal rights and environmental causes on Twitter.
My boyfriend texted me and wanted to hang out.
Purchasing a new bed for my kids room.
my dogs cuddled up to me, and they where very cute.
I went to my Mom's house and had a good discussion on religion with her and my sister.
My sons came home from school, and my oldest son ran up to me at the door and gave me a huge hug with a big smile.
I got my exam paper which i got 80%
I am very happy that my favorite baseball team won the first game of the season.
Yesterday I met my company target as usual and that moment made me feel happy.
I caught up on a lot of work at the office.
I went to a local trade fair held in the city. The event was lively and happening. I brought some good stuff for family and everybody was happy.
MY SISTER WAS A COMING TO HOME
I had enough money to buy gas.
Yesterday while we were exploring places, i saw a horse rickshaw and i told my husband that i want to get on it. My husband said yes and we went on a ride. It was really a good experience for me.
Arriving home last night after a 2 hour drive made me happy.
I finally decided to work instead of procrastinating, at least I have finished one lesson today.
Playing fetch with my dog.
Did you know that it has been scientifically proven that being kind makes you happier? Every time you perform a selfless act, your brain produces serotonin, a hormone that eases tension and lifts your spirits. Not only that, but treating people with love, dignity, and respect also allows you to build stronger relationships.
I played my favorite video game today. I haven't played it in almost two years so some parts felt fresh and this added to my enjoyment of and immersion in the game.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I ate teriyaki chicken and white rice for lunch.
I learned a new song on guitar.
I worked over the weekend, including Sunday, and was off Monday and Tuesday.
I happened to meet my old friend.
Played with the dog
Last night i went for long drive.I ride the bike whole night.That was a thrilling and adventurous experience to me.
Husband far related aunty gave one pair of earing jewellery as a gift for my daughter dance program (bharathanatyam) . I really happy for that because some person other than our family members appreciating my kids performance .
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO MUSIC CLASS
I WENT TO MOVIE
I brought new school bag, new uniform, new school shoes for my son, and he is very happy with them, which ultimately makes me happy
The second thing is I slept well last night and that moment feels happy to me.
My daughter cleaned the house for me.
I went to hospital.
The best part of festival is not only the rituals but also the preparation of food for the day. These rituals are passed on from the generations down the line. On this day at least one sweet dish is prepared. Today, I took special efforts to make "Basundi" a sweet made from Milk. I added dry fruits and sugar . It gives a great pleasure when one prepares special dish for the family and it is savored by the family.  
I got a lot of work done and made more money than I had planned
My roommate made me shrimp fried rice.
My dad offered a new bike for me.
I WENT TO MOVIE
My aunt came home for a visit.
I was happy when I made myself a sandwich this morning.
It rained heavily yesterday and i enjoyed it.
I took nice pictures at the lake.
Family brought me home dinner that one of her friends made.  She knows I really enjoyed this last time she brought it home.
I love travelling and a big fan of photography. I was in a hill station once, had decided the previous night to get up early and watch the sunrise. The next morning, due to a slight miscalculation, I got up a bit late. So I ran to the top, to catch whatever I can. I reach the top and the sun is already up. It's covered a lot of distance. I was literally cursing myself in the head and decided to go back. And what I saw, was the most beautiful thing ever. I had missed it while climbing up since I was in a hurry. It was this, a beautiful blanket of clouds that had covered the entire landscape covering every inch. It was spectacular. And with the sun rays on it, it was just brilliant. I sat there and watched the beauty for ten minutes. Sadly, I had no camera. But that thing, that scene made me happy. Really happy. It's still in my head. :D 
Someone I care about told me they love me.
I purchased a meal from Wendy's instead of eating cereal for lunch.
We dug out our "The Wild Wild West" DVDs and watched the first episode with Victor Buono, one of my favorites.
I did everything on my task list for the day.
i went to a village after long back i have seen my relatives and i enjoyed a lot.
I was given the letter by the country Head.
Yesterday I got Offer letter when i opened my gmail so on that time i can't believe what happened around me.. That's unforgettable moment in my life
I found out my school might hire me on as an instructor and it couldn't be a better job fit for me at this point in my life and I feel fulfilled even if it doesn't happen.
My cousin became father yesterday
I was surprised with a Subway sandwich when my partner returned home from work.
It made me happy that we were able to spend all day at the dinosaur park. 
My sister laughed and made a joke about two difficult people in our family.
School wasn't so bad and I passed my exam.
I went to one famous place that is basara, that is the one of the most famous temple in telangana state,I went to that temple with my family and i felt very peaceful that makes me very happy,i enjoyed a lot.
I was happy when I spoke to m friend on the phone and told her happy birthday.  I was happy because she was happy. I have know this friend for over 20 years and it was nice to speak to her on the phone.
MEETING WITH OLD FRIENDS AND TALKING ABOUT THEIR CHILD AND FAMILY
My sister and I were in stitches after a miscommunication that led me to believe that she wanted me to fill the rice cooker to the brim with rice.
I worked out at the gym for almost an hour and did both cardio and circuit strength training.
My mom thanked me for always buying her papayas because they keep her healthy.
I saw my dog play with another dog.
I completed a needed task in my company's information system that others couldn't complete.
Earlier I had Ate leftover lasagna and it was still just as good, Lasagna is my favorite food.
I at a Reuben sandwich. 
My mother came home from work, and I was very happy to see her.
HE WAS CALLED ME US MOM. IT WAS VERY NICE.
My 4 month old son discovered how to play in his bouncing chair.
I won the medal of volleyball. and last night I went to club with my friends
I heard cranes calling to each other outside and knew spring was here.
My daughter learned new word and now can express what she wants or needs. 
School was canceled
I went to the dentist and got my teeth whitened, they look great!
My husband sweetly kissed me goodbye this morning.
last sunday  i got a news that our exams are being postponed so i decided to give surprise to my parents,specially my father as it was his b'day on 3 of this month.,travelled 10 hours on a back ring  road,and reached in front of the door of my house.when mom opened the door,I could see a shockingly happy face of my mother,and suddenly a tear of happiness coming down her eyes.Believe me,I forgot all my pain of travelling such long distance.its was really amazing to see mom like this that made my day that was my happy moment

yesterday i meet my old friend
Ate delicious cookies with sugar syrup my mum made.
My grandma called from my home state, and we talked for hours. I was so grateful to hear from her. 
I ate a hearty dinner and was very satiated. 
A day off from work
Riding a motorcycle.
The sun was out and it was 60 degrees today. Great spring weather before it rains again tomorrow.
A close friend of mine wished for my anniversary even though no one reminded her about that. She kept my smile intact by that way.
I spent quality time with both of my sons on Saturday.
night shopping event
I went for a run for the first time in a long time
I won in the state level chess tournament which was held in Delhi.
I saw a co-worker today that I hadn't talked to in a few months because our schedules are now different.
Yesterday night, I found a mail from my hubby that he had forwarded to me. The mail was a confirmation mail from makemytrip.com saying that our room is booked, and that too a five star hotel. I was so happy. It was almost a year that we've been together.
My sister born a new baby and I got promote in relation so thas a happiest event for me.
I saved a puppy from going on the road
My supervisor at work said I'd done a great job the past month.
My brother bought a new car for himself for the first time using his money
I played with my puppy.
I ordered food online and did not have to prepare it
I worked out.
My kid brother decided what college he was going to.
I found out it was the last week of my phone insurance claim today that I could exchange my phone in for free. I was happy because my phone has some problems and I didn't want to spend money on a new phone.
Talk less; listen more. Listening keeps your mind open to othersa wisdoms and outlooks on the world. The more intensely you listen, the quieter your mind gets, and the more content you feel.Studies have shown that exercise raises happiness levels just as much as Zoloft does. Exercising also boosts your self-esteem and gives you a higher sense of self-accomplishment.
My boyfriend bought me tacos for dinner.  
My mother in law bought my family dinner tonight.
my son born on feb 24 wednesday this is selvi j.jayalalitha's birthday date and this date my husband sister marriage date
I met my long time friend and we talked about a lot of things 

I was happy yesterday when I received two funny emails from my brothers that made me laugh.  

I won first prize in just a minute session at my workplace. 
My daughter is advancing so fast! she is 14 months old and can already use a spoon to feed herself. 
My daughter is advancing so fast! she is 14 months old and can already use a spoon to feed herself. 
I went jogging to the park
I meet my son and ate a lunch with him
I bought a ticket to go to Las Vegas, I the coming weekend
I went to a free comedy show, and it was actually really funny. 
Got some work projects finished.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I caught a 2 for 1 sale on bacon at Winn Dixie. 
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
Achieved a new fitness goal of mine.
I tuned into a TV show this afternoon.
MY HAPPY MOMENT FOR YESTERDAY I WAS GOING FOR TEMPLE. IN KERALA.
Got an appraisal from my Vice President 
I went to eat at one of my favorite restaurants with friends and family. I had been looking forward to it for a few days now. 
Watched a tv series.
I cooked fried chicken successfully for my family last night during dinner, and it was very moist.
I had a nice afternoon nap.
I hung out with a friend and watched a bunch of anime.
I cleaned the windows of my apartment.
My friend brought fruits from her hometown and we all ate nicely and we share one big chocolate which my team lead gave us.
Dinner & wine with Dad & wife, catching up with them about their latest travels around Spain.
I was happy when my spouse brought home Reese's as a special treat.
My crush accepted my friend request in facebook.
I watched a great TV show along with my family.
I love watching the flowers come out in spring.
My wife cooked a great steak dinner and we had a great time.
I and my friend shared and ate the pizza which we bought in an offer.
A chill water rafting in the river banks makes me feel happy
I was happy when I went to work in the morning, even though it was early, I started a new rotation for my job and now work in downtown miami.
My niece and nephew gave me flowers.
I feel happy by going to school.
Ordering Pizza for my birthday
We got feedback on our presentation and it was all really strong and well received.  We were so excited for the good feedback.
It made me happy when i successfully get  the right code for my game
I went to a local burger place for dinner and realized my punch card was full. I would be a getting a free burger that night. 
I watched some Youtube clips of Jim pranking Dwight on the show The Office.
I made my favorite oatmeal for breakfast and put berries and syrup in it.
We have attended for a birthday party in my neighbor's house. It's full of kids. I am so happy that all the kids were like playing, kicking and jumping like anything. It's really pleasure watching kids when they are fully engaged in their activities.  
Seeing my grandson and having a big hug from him.
My Uncle who is 93 was released from the hospital after having chest pains and he apparently is still in very good health so we will see him for Easter holiday dinner.
i did sex with my lover today morning
I watched a funny video in youtube 
I called one of my friends who lives in a different city and we talked on the phone, shared memories and news.
Another event that made me happy was going to the farmers market.
I was able to find a cartoon I was looking for online for some time.
2 girlfriends of mine included me in a conversation , something that rarely happens to me 
I went out to lunch with some people I hadn't seen in awhile.
For the first time, I had made shawarma, that tasted exactly like what we get in KSA. 
My son did well at a baseball tryout.
I felt happy when my daughter's coach announced that she would receive the honorary "game ball" after the lacrosse game.
I am a Type 1 Diabetic and I awoke with great blood sugars today.
I made spaghetti with meat sauce for supper and used fresh mushrooms for the first time.
My dog got a clean bill of health from the vet.
I got to play a basketball game outside with friends in the nice spring like weather.
I ate a caramel candy.
Drove to work and found a perfect parking spot right away.
Finding a dime while taking a walk to the store.
I am happy that I am now below 195 lbs. 
I left work at the end of the day. 
I went to my new apartment and starting setting up a new life. 
I just found out I get to go to Sedona at the end of May.
I ate oreos with milk.
I took a swim bath for about 2 hours in the morning which makes so relax and giving me a refreshing feeling through a day . Finally getting the water out of your ear after swimming makes me happy.
The neighbour's dog came over and gave me a few cuddles.
My tax refund arrived!
I spoke to my friend about an upcoming vacation I was taking.
My boss praised me for my follow up on researching an item, even though I didn't get it right the first time.
I was able to complete all tasks I needed to do today to be able to open a bank account.
We are transitioning our dog to be able to stay inside at night time ( he's never been formally been house trained) and even though last night was the first night in the kennel he didn't have any accidents ( he was in the kennel for 8-9 hours straight) as soon as we let him out he ran to the grass and peed.
I was happy that I was able to make time to paint a picture.
When I was sad my cat jumped up and sat on my stomach.
Chatting with my best friend, who is helping me with a new home business I have started, by ordering a bunch of decorated cookies from me.
my child birth has happy moment
Not having to wait in line at the store.
yesterday launch also so good and tasty
I got to have my favorite lunch
I was able to pick up my son and his two friends from track practice and therefore was able to hear about his entire day.
My friend got accepted into a Doctor of Physical Therapy program at her desired school
My favorite basketball team won by a large margin against their close rival.
I got to indulge in a new flavor of Starbucks coffee.
I successfully made a perfect cup of coffee
I went to sleep early
I was happy when my kid said it was the best day ever.
Opening day of baseball season occurred and my favorite team won in a close game. 
I watched the voice with my significant other.
I finally received a book off of my wish list, the sixth book of the Outlander series!
Found out a good friend will be released from the hospital later this week. He has been in since the end of January.
I got to play with my dog!
I bought a stock at just the right time and made over 2% returns in just a few hours.
My seven year old allowing me to rub his sore head made me happy as I felt it was precious to be able to offer this to him and to be there to do it. 
My sister gave me a starbucks giftcard.
Purchased a washing machine for washing my clothes.
The weather was great yesterday, took the dog for a walk.
My boss told me he appreciated something I did.
Talking with my nephew for an hour after a long time 
My best friend discussed her spiritual beliefs with me. Understanding her better and knowing she enjoyed the discussion made me happy.
we went goa for sky diving. its really very amazing
I was happy that stock prices dropped down lower as they were too high
Yesterday I played a virtual reality game at my girlfriend's house, it was amazing.
Last evening I went out to dinner with some friends that I haven't seen in awhile.
I was awarded a competitive fellowship (which I had been waiting to hear back from for a week).
I received my state income tax check in the mail
I was happy when I had some time to myself last night and got to play World of Warcraft, uninterrupted, for over an hour.  
My girlfriend and I had a very good dinner last night - at one of our favorite restaurants.
My dog had a trip to the vet for an injured paw and came home happy and feeling better.
I made a meal for breakfast that tasted great!
A friend that I hadn't talked to for months sent me an email to catch up
The Cardinals beat the Cubs.
I got to spend money to buy a new computer that I love!
I went to go eat Pho with my girlfriend at a local restaurant in town. It is known for the best Pho in the city. It was great and i have some left over for lunch today. 
I caught the earlier bus to work.
I splurged and bought an ice cream cone - butter pecan!
Watched a TV show with my partner.
I went out to dinner at Outback Steakhouse. I got a bloomin Onion and it tasted great. I went with some of my friends and we had a good time.
Today, I received my purchase order for my new mobile phone and I am happy.
I watched Dancing with the Stars last night.
My husband came home from work early last night and we got to have dinner together as a family.
I repaired my PC, which had started giving many problems.
I was happy to finish the book I was reading.  It was called "A Woman in Berlin."
I was able eat some IN and our burger yesterday. It is my favorite burger place in Los Angeles. 
I like all the songs on my MP3 player, but there's a few songs that really make me happy, so when one came on in my random shuffle, I was up and singing along and dancing to it.
My daughter didn't have strep throat.
I found mango mochi ice cream in my local store.
I just got approved on my new investment property loan.
There was no line at the bank this morning.
My new smartphone came in the mail and it's a lot quicker than my old phone. 
I completed a task at work yesterday that I had been working on for a week.
Playing with the chickens, they were fighting over bread and running around chasing each other.
My friend sent me a letter to say she's been thinking about me.
I got the kitchen painted 
I had my drum lesson last night, I always really enjoy practicing and finding out what my next goal is for the next lesson.
I had heavy cream to add to my protein shake this morning.
I worked out at the gym for over an hour.
I was extremely happy when my oldest daughter and I had a conversation about her day and the things that made her happy.
Last night I had a great night's sleep. That happens less often than I would like and so when it does it feels great.
I was paid much more money than I thought for a task I completed at work.
I got a payment from Mturk deposited which I was able to put in my savings account towards my next vacation to Disney World!
i have been promoted as senior finance manager
I was able to plant in my vegetable garden.
Book came in that had been on hold that I was excited about reading and had been waiting for.
I unpacked my brand new glass food storage containers. 
My college annual day function. i am participant the dancing program and get the first price. i am very happy the day. 
and enjoyed the day.
Watching my chickens in the yard playing and enjoying the sunshine makes me happy.
I ate blueberry waffles for breakfast.
I had a fun time watching a movie with my fams.
My boss bought lunch for the office from my favorite sandwich shop.
My wife came home from work with a surprise meal. It was a pizza. I love pizza and was not expecting it.
I made some progress in an app I'm building.
I was happy to be able to sleep until my alarm went off this morning.
A program at work that started to work again yesterday afternoon 
My husband took us out for dinner. 
Yesterday, we got approved for a loan to put forth on a house. 
A friend of mine returned from travel abroad.
My rose bush, which had been wilting a bit, is sprouting new leaves.
My son didn't give me crap this morning, when I called him for school. :)
I was very happy when we were able to cancel our appointment with Kia after work because my husband figured out what was wrong with our car prior to bringing it in. He was able to correct the problem on his own. It takes over an hour to get to Kia in rush hour traffic and then we would have to sit with the car. We saved several wasted evening hours.
I was very excited for the MLB season to start.
I got a new apple watch and used it for the first time.
I got to spend time with my daughter and went shopping together. 
I stuck to my diet and did not have any cheat snacks.
I was happy when I headed home from work and popped in some Bon Jovi on the way.
I cooked shrimp last night for the 2nd time and they turned out delicious. The first time they came out like rubber so I was excited they were edible.
When I got home last night I stayed in the car an extra five minutes to listen to the end of the last episode of the podcast S. Town. 
After a long week of rain and clouds, yesterday was a beautiful, warm, and sunny day.  
Watching dogs play in my backyard.
It made me feel happy to hear my 4 year old daughter thank me for helping her get ready this morning. This is something that I typically do and she rarely thanks me. This morning she turned to me and said thank you mommy and gave me a big hug. 
Had dinner with my family.
love to my wife
I felt happy yesterday while I was cooking dinner, because I really enjoy cooking
I made myself some chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast.  it's a rare occasion that I make these for breakfast because they're not the healthiest!
I enjoyed a pleasant, relaxed dinner with my family.
Rent a vacation home for Holy Week
Last night, I watched the entire Red Wings hockey game and they won. It made me happy because they won, but also because I usually do not watch the shoot out because I get too nervous. It was an exciting game.
Watching the sunrise, while in the middle of the ocean.
I ranked up in a multiplayer game that I got to play with my friends. 
I saw sprouts on my tomato plants!
My co-worker's son had to be rushed to the emergency room last Thursday, 03/30/2017. He had a clot and needed to be operated on immediately. My co-worker was so distraught and has not been at work until yesterday. She told us that he was still in the hospital and that they were doing tests on him to find out what happened to cause it. She is very relieved but still worried. I am happy that it is not life-threatening. She left around 2:30pm yesterday to drive to the hospital to check on him again.
It has been spring break and as I left work there was no traffic might seem like not that big of a deal but to me It was great I was super happy. I sit in traffic every day it will take me over a hour to get home most of the time I was home a lot earlier it was so nice. 
Hugging my spouse
Watching a favorite tv show with my husband in front of the fire.
 I had my cheat day today for my meals.  this allowed me to eat meals that I normally like to eat. Not so strict on the healthy food
I bay my self a new dress.
Another event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to win at my favorite card game.
Enjoying a nice sunday with family
Fixed the slow internet at my parents house.
Going to the gym and working out 
When I got my first internship program in a well reputed company
Yesterday I decided to sleep in a little extra instead of waking up at my normal 7:30.
I ate healthy.
My cat came up to me and head-butted me to show affection to me. 
My fiancA(c) and I started looking for houses online so we can move in the next couple months.
I was happy because I made a little extra money cutting a neighbors yard.
Meeting my girlfriends family at dinner made me feel happy
Late last night, my dog got very goofy playing with an old toy of his, including flinging it around the house which he rarely does.
I found some extra chocolate in the fridge.
My best friend was released from the hospital.
Can definitely tell I'm losing weight when I look in the mirror.
Yesterday I went to visit my three grandkids, one being 2 weeks old.
Today, i got a new shoes from my father.
There was a thunderstorm this morning, and I paused to listen and watch it for a few minutes.
Visited with my younger son.
I made a fresh cup of coffee from my favorite ground beans.
Saw movie with my spouse in the theatre.
I made the last payment on my car yesterday.
My cat with renal failure ate better than usual yesterday.
Started to learn portuguese as a self learner
My mom visited me
I got to work out last night when I didnt think I would get to! 
Receiving my paycheck to pay my bills.
My daughter did well on a test that she studied hard for and was very nervous for.
Watching my favorite TV show made me happy. 
When we found my dog after he ran away
I got to hang out with my old roommates all night last night.
Today I received the item which I ordered few days back and I am really happy to see it in my hand.
I woke up healthy and got to take a hot shower.
I started researching drop shipping online. It looks like a good project for me.
I got to watch what I wanted to watch all night since my husband was watching sports.
I woke up early enough to make coffee before heading to work.
My husband brought me coffee this morning while I was in the shower. 
I cleaned out my closet
Seeing our son laugh daily.
I ran into a friend who I had been trying to get ahold of (turns out he had a new number).
I had my favorite dish for lunch
My husband cooked our dinner and assembled clean cloth diapers so I did not have to.
Coming home after a half-day of work and having my wife have a delicious dinner ready.
I ran into a friend i hadn't seen in a couple years while i was out running errands.
I went to the mall with friends and had a great time walking around and playing games at Dave and Buster's.
My husband was able to leave work a bit early yesterday, so we were able to have dinner at a more normal hour, and walk our dog together at sunset rather than late at night. It was such a nice change from our usual rushed routine.
After we left the theater, we were driving out and this van was stopped at this intersection and a man was standing in the middle of the intersection.  I looked down and there was this small lump of fur on the road.  It was a kitten.  It moved around.  This baby was alive..  I pulled my suv safely off to the side to assist, and the man told me he could not pick it up because his wife was in the van and she was highly allergic.  So, I ran to the back of my suv and pulled a small hair rag out and went to investigate the kitten, He was indeed alive, and not more than a week old.  I looked around for a mama cat, and there was none.  So I took him home.  I got some kitty baby milk and fed him and have been taking care of him all night. :)
My cat slept on my lap.
I found a really cool Star Wars t-shirt at Target and bought it.
I had a quiet hour to start reading a new book that I'd been looking forward to beginning.
My husband and I went out for dinner and a movie last night
Aubrey petted my dogs really nicely. Instead of poking their eyes or pulling their hair she patted their heads. It was a huge improvement on what has been happening. 
I went to the local green cross and picked up the girl scout cookies.Thin Mints for the win!
I took a course to help assist me at my job.
Purchased some wireless headphones for my iPhone 7 Plus.
Getting home after  long ride.
I went to my mother`s house.
I played a game with my friend at work.
Receiving love from my husband when he arrived home yesterday made me happy.
I started making a plan for what to plant in my garden and it made me excited.
I read a book to my daughter.
I was happy when I received my senior promotion at work yesterday.
I bought myself a monster drink.
I accomplished all of my goals for the day.
I ate an delicious ice cream
I found out that our town is getting a Red Robin restuarant. Since they have GF burgers, its really exciting. 
I watched my toddler son go into the garbage can and grab an empty chip bag, and shove his arm down in it to get some crumbs.
I ate some great korean food for lunch.
My husband gave me a kiss when he left for work
I received my bridal veil and garter in the mail, and I liked the way they looked. 
This day marked one of the biggest honorable achievements of my life. Towards the end of my senior year of high school, Lawrence Upper Campus holds a convocation ceremony the day before commencement.
I was happy yesterday when our airplane ride was no longer bumpy from the bad turbulence. 
Watching Ghost in the shell in the cinema with my girlfriend.
My girlfriend told me she loves me and wants me forever.
We watched "WALLE" with my one year old daughter last night and she laughed and giggled so it made us happy.
I ate my favourite food, fry fresh fish. It was delicious. 
Having french toast with family for breakfast made me happy.
I was happy when I played hide and go seek with my daughter.
My wife got a raise in her job.
I received a message from an old friend that I hadn't heard from in awhile and it was nice to hear from her.
I am happy that the NCAA National Championship basketball game was a great game.
I went out to eat at my favorite restaurant and I received a free dessert. 
My friend texted me yesterday with a picture of an ultrasound to tell me that she is pregnant! 
 If you make the cakes ahead of time, then you'll be able to focus on the ... Neither of us was happy in the relationship, so we decided to call it a day.eversing the formula can help you turn happiness into greater ... you of thinking that being beautiful, successful or rich will make you happy
this is summer season, it is too hot in day and night, every day i am asking to partner to arrange air collar, day's are going, today is the final day without my notice he bought with best features of air collar, it is surprise one which we did not expect,when this item has been deliver to home, there no limit for happiness. 
My coworkers and I went to a fun outing and had dinner afterword.
When I arrived the beach club I saw some friends that I hadn't seen for ages, felt good seeing them again.
I finished a big work project.
I felt happy to spend time with my boyfriend when he got home from work.
My neighbor invited me over for some homemade "carne asada".
I planned out my next vacation.
I made my goal of drinking 1.5 gallons of water a day for an entire month. 
I found an alternate route and did not get stuck in traffic.
I drank my favorite (frappe)
Spent time with my parents today.
Watching my daughter play with her puppy
The weather was really nice on my walk home today.
We all sat down to eat dinner and my son without anyone saying anything thanked god for our meal and said amen.
I ate a good dinner
I made a new personal benchpress record.
My husband offered to do the shopping for me this afternoon and surprised me by picking up my favorite bottle of Rose wine to have with dinner.
I was happy that my wife brought home a pizza for dinner.
I have a big trip coming up to Iceland soon and I can't wait!
Our boss at work let us work a couple hours of overtime because he knew we needed the extra money. 
Someone Complimented me.
My little cousin Jeremy passed his test for his licence. I was so proud!
I was happy this afternoon when I ate lunch because I was very hungry.
I cleared up some confusion with a customer service rep about a huge bill that was mistakenly sent to me.
My son's father got a 99 on his exam.
Knowing that when I get home from work I just made more money to get us closer to buying our first house.
I finished my biology lab early today
It's almost spring break, which means my husband is going to be home for a whole week!
My husband came home from work.
I went to a sale and found a nice scented room freshener I'd wanted.
A cat of ours that was pregnant finally had her kittens. She had 4 girl kittens.
I ran into my favorite dog in the neighborhood and hung out with her for the afternoon.
I took my dog for a walk 
I watched my favorite series.
When I went to get lunch at the place I usually get lunch from, I was given a cookie for free since they had a few left and they were closing down for the day.
I just had a great snack, watermelon and bananas mixed with honey, great healthy snack.
Yesterday, I had a great lunch with a couple of close friends, and we all enjoyed ourselves.
I had the day off today and got a lot of things done at home!
I fixed some issues that made using a website I like annoying.
I received positive feedback from my boss.
I just ordered  some parts for my reloading press that I broke last year and I found the parts without having to buy a new press.
Gave my mother the jacket she had been wanting for years as a gift.
Getting a brand new t.v. for my room was a very exciting part of my day. 
Shoes that I had ordered and where really looking forward too where delivered to my house.
Watching the main event of wrestlemania last night.
I played video games with my brother online.
I got a goodnight kiss from my date.
I got off work a little early and got to take a nap.
I found five dollars in a pair of jeans I have not worn in awhile this morning.
My kids ate all the veggies without me forcing them to.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to stay within diet limitation.
I watched a movie on my tablet before going to sleep last night and it made all my worries melt away so I could go to sleep in peace.
My boss complimented me and told me that I was a great asset to my team.
Received a birthday card in the mail from my sister - my birthday was in January... evidently the card had been lost for awhile. 
I was able to fix a crack on a cabinet in the kitchen 
A new compromise was made with my husband about a problem we've been having.
I was happy to visit my mom.
Finally, I was also made happy by relaxing on a couch after a long day of walking.
My husband agreed to pick up my son without any questions or arguments. 
I sorted all last years statements and receipts to get ready to start my taxes.  
Less stress means more calmness because there will always be some kind of stupid shit that picks up the stress slack happening in life.
I ran into a friend I haven't seen awhile on my college campus. 
Taking on the phone with my best friend about a thread we thought was hilarious on twitter.
Another one of these HITs was posted!
The weather is beautiful today instead of rainy or cloudy.
A friend contacted me to make plans for tomorrow.
My child made her U18 soccer team!
The healthy salad I had for dinner was delicious.
My son took his nap like he was suppose to!
My husband made breakfast this morning while I slept in, something I really needed after several days of restless sleep.
I was happy when my husband surprised me by taking me out to a really nice lunch.
Baking cookies after dinner.
I got some free candy at my work.
I was happy today when I was able to pick my kids up on time from school. My job causes me to be late almost every day so being early,well on time made them happy which made me happy as well.
I was happy when I left work early to watch baseball.
I was happy when the lady at the gas station gave me my drink for free.
Sitting outside with my chickens for the first time since winter began.
I have made plans to go out to the movies tomorrow with a close family member.
WE PLAYED BEACH VOLLEYBALL
A new season of my favorite show was added to Netflix.
My boyfriend and I watched the season finale of The Walking Dead (tv show) together and it was not a tremendous cliffhanger, so I won the "bet" that it wouldn't be.
i worked out
Took a beautiful sunset photo with my new phone.
I got to take a well deserved 3 hour nap before coming to work at my full time job.
Getting my son down to sleep finally after rocking him for 4 hours.
I met coworkers in person for the first time. Previously, I had only interacted with them online by email and chatrooms. 
I found a $10 Starbucks gift card I had forgotten about in the bottom of my purse.
I got a lot of work done that I needed to complete today.
I was able to walk five miles this morning before the rain started.
I watched a movie that I enjoyed.
I had a very good nights sleep.
Waking up and seeing that it was raining outside since I love rain and it always makes me feel happy.
Browsing makeup at Walmart.
My dog and my friend's dog were both laying on the couch with my girlfriend, falling asleep, they were cute.
Finished a woodworking project that I had been working on for three weeks
I ate a delicious pita and chips for lunch today.
I watched our neighbors chickens run around the yard and drink out of our pond.
An event that made me happy today was being able to pay my rent on time. I don't make enough money at my job, so im always late on rent.
I played a lot of online games.
The people at Starbucks accidentally made two of my drink order, so they gave me one for free which I gave to my friend.
Eating at Panera Bread
I took my dog for a long walk.
My husband dropped off our son at school so I was able to sleep in before work.
I purchased a brand new pair of dress shoes and they look great on me
My 6 year old son cleaned his entire plate at dinner, and ate all of his vegetables.
That I made a beef stew in the crockpot for dinner and it was delicious.
The weather was really sunny today and it finally felt like spring. 
I figured out a solution to a problem that I was working on for days.
I had delicious protein pancakes and eggs for breakfast. 
i got a visited by a friend i haven't seen.
Shot a few games of pool yesterday which I love and had some ice cream, butter pecan which I haven't had in almost 2 years.  I'm not a real sweets person so for me to have an ice cream craving and actually go satisfy it made me feel like a 10 year old again.  I'm still thinking about it, and would probably go out right now for some more if I wasn't so tired from such a long work day.
I was able to see a friend today that I hadn't seen in quite some time.
I was happy to hear my son got a good grade on his exam, when he thought he wasn't going to do good.
My friends came over today to hang out.
I found a dollar on the street.
I had a good breakfast consisting of waffles with strawberries.
I got to see my friend's new puppy.
Seeing a very cute yorkie dog. 
It stopped raining and warmed up.
Watching favorite tv show
I watched a funny video on youtube. 
The fact that I know if I do not receive the promotion I applied for at work, I still have a very good job.
I saw a funny YouTube video.
making my own breakfast 
I got to see my dad and spend time at his house.
Watched the Boston red sox play and win their 2017 season opening game from my living room. 
I achieve my first perfect score in a rhythm based video game.
a friend came over and helped me fix something that has been giving me trouble. 
I had tea with my husband right before bed because my baby was in a good mood and willing to let us relax.
A friend called me to take a walk this week on a morning that's supposed to be very nice and sunny.
I watched some fun videos.
Hiking a mountain in an hour, breaking my record by 20 minutes and feeling so much happiness at the top I cried. (BTW can you add not married, she's my girlfriend. We're not married. Make a girlfriend option or something)
I played with my cat and took him for a walk. We went around the block and when we got back I had him chase a toy around
I sold one of my more expensive items on eBay. 
I was happy when I prepared a good lunch for myself
My husband took my daughter to school. I have 2 children and am pregnant with my 3rd so any help is so appreciated. 
Outdid myself with my new outfit for tomorrow.
The weather has been nice all day.
The sun came out so I got to go for a walk in pleasant weather for the first time in weeks.
My daughter told me she loved me unprompted.
worked out, which released endorphins 
I got to take a nap.
Walking my dog and petting her when I came home from work
I found out that my other friend won a stand-up competition.
My sister getting good news from the doctor.
I watched Twilight.
I had a good workout. 
Yesterday i went to Suzuki car launch event and i was very happy to know new car specification and features.
Playing catch with my dog in the back yard 
Put my pack of cigarettes in the freeze last night, and this morning I had one and it was great.
i feel more spirit today to go work
I successfully cooked my food for the week, despite being super sick. 
I found out Better Call Saul Season 3 is coming out in a couple days, and it made me happy.
I walked two miles today.
My daughter sent me an I love you text.  
I was eating a bagel. 
Going to see my grand father in the ICU, it made him so happy to see me.
My son came home and was excited about how well he did at school today.
I was at the gym today and hit a new personal squat record! It made me happy because I've been tracking my gym progress and it's nice to see results. 
This morning, my roommate gave me a ride to work so, I didn't have to ride the bus.
I found my favorite ice cream on sale this evening which was delightful.  Nothing  like getting a good deal to make me happy.
One of my trashy TV shows started last night so I was happy to look forward to at least 6 weeks of Sunday night TV for a while.
I completed my goal for HITS today on mechanical turk.
My sister got accepted into a great school.
I gave out lunches to the homeless in my church homeless ministry 
I got a refund check in the mail.
I got to watch the Cleveland Indians play on TV.
My wife and I finished painting our living room. 
I got to snuggle with my cats.
I went for a very nice walk.
I earned a bonus card pack on a card based video game for the computer. 
I finished a big project at work and it made me very happy to finally be done with it.
Going to mass (church).
I had a great idea for a novel series I could write.
Decided to go a little off my diet, and get a special meal at my local Italian place.
I went for a nice walk through the park.
The weather wasn't as hot as it was a few days ago and I enjoyed the temperature.
My bathroom is almost done to day on one of the wall I could hang the towel bars back and it look better then what I thought it would, am very happy with the look of the room so far.
I went for a great walk with a friend.
I had a nice conversation with a random person in line at the grocery store.
I woke up easily after a great nights sleep. Normally I struggle to get up, but I felt awake and quiet energised this morning, something to feel happy about.
i was getting ready to eat some old jambalaya for dinner when my wife came home with some chicken wings
I got a pair of new work shoes.
I was complimented on the sweater I wore to work today.
I wrote a letter to my friend.
My son completed his first swim lesson at the YMCA today and I was able to be in the water with him for it.
I was happy helping my youngest son celebrate his birthday with a pizza party.
I took a walk today while the weather was nice and sunny.
My cat fell asleep in my arms and we snuggled for 20 minutes.  
I had a relaxing car drive home with good traffic and I had time to catch up on some podcasts. 
I talked to my mother on the phone and had a great conversation.
Today my boss praised me for a report I worked on for him. I delivered it quicker than he was anticipating so he was very thankful for my hard work. I felt good to receive a compliment from him.
I played guitar on Rocksmith.
I brought home doughnut for my kids and they thanked me.
I did not have to work today.
I was approved for a Newegg credit card that I didn't think I would get.
Watching opening night for the seattle mariners.
When friends invited me to go get ice cream after dinner. 
Learning a bit more of Office 365.
I finished an achievement for my video game.
My daughter dancing alone to the movie Sing. She is only a year old and I love watching her cute dance moves. 
I found a five dollar bill in my coat pocket.
I finished my assignment at work 30 minutes before I needed to.
i go to shopping  at the time i say blind person and i helped the cross the road.
My bone pain only kicked in half way through the day.
Helping my dad celebrate his birthday. 
When I got home from work I got to sit down and have some beers during the national championship
I cleaned my house and it felt nice.
I started a new watercolor painting project using a new set of brushes and paints that I recently received in the mail.
When my daughter and I did the dishes, and she dried them after I washed them, while we listened to our favorite podcast and we laughed a lot. 
I made my favorite dinner tonight Habachi chicken and shrimp with fried rice.
My boss told how impressed she was with how our store looked this afternoon when she came in.
I was happy to treat my kids to pizza for dinner.
I went to a concert. 
today our fourth anniversary so we are very happy this moment.
I had a good lunch, meeting up with my brother and caught up with him. 
My daughter got her braces off.
I watched college basketball earlier and ate dinner with it.
all friend are come to my home for party so i really enjoyed
I was happy when i woke up next to my significant other this morning
My two young kids were in good moods and were just being really cute after dinner tonight
I got to have a long conversation with my brother for the first time in a few weeks. 
I ate 2 salads as I need to get in summer shape.
My daughter lost a tooth which she has been hoping for so the tooth fairy can come.  It was awesome to see her face when she went to bed.
I've always written best very early in the morning and very late at night. I write very little in the middle of the day. If I do any work in the middle of the day, it is editing what I've written that morning.
I was able to reconnect with a friend.  He called me out of the blue.  I was happy to hear from this person.  It was great to reconnect.
Making myself a nice hot cup of coffee
I ate a huge steak for dinner
Today I made lunch with my girlfriend, and it was nice to be able to sit down with her and eat a quiet meal together. This made me happy because my cooking skills were able to sustain me, but also because of the quality time spent together.
Baked yummy chocolate chip cookies
A friend is going come back home soon for a visit.
I really enjoyed feeling the sun on my skin today because it has been a really long, gray winter and I am really looking forward to warm, sunny days!
I discussed my master's thesis work with my advisor and worked on a plan to finish and defend it.
I completed an essay and a quiz before dinner.
Learning that I almost have a summer internship!
My husband made a nice dinner for me and he rarely cooks so it was treat for me.
Got some super nice chips.
My son and I sat on the porch and relaxed together for a few minutes.
I was able to get my house spotless today because my mother was in town to watch my boys, so I had lots of free time.
I bought myself a new book.
I completed a small project at work, making displays out of sale items.
I decided to go to a friends house, I originally planned to go over and watch a movie, but once I had arrived there was a big line of cocain in my name layed out on the table, and they gave me a neon colored straw. It was so much fun, and such a wonderful surprise!
I actually managed to sleep for at least 8 hours without waking up in the middle of the night.
I watched a basketball game with my wife. 
my one hour happy in sex in my life is good bet ve call in my life is vary happen to me; such a thing that would make me stop and look back at the events in awe. 
Hmm we are went to children park today we have many things to enjoy there all are enjoying with games
I overcame a big problem at work today.
I read an interesting article.
Wrapped toddler up after her bath like a burrito and made her laugh. 
I adopted a new kitten.
I needed gas in my car on the way home and arrived just as the station was lowering the price by $0.03 per gallon.
Got my house cleaned and laundry done
I had pizza for lunch and it was so good.
I went and got a large amount of protein bars from Walgreens for free because of my Balanced Rewards account.
I made a warm cup of tea to relax myself.
Getting a new puppy for my girlfriend 
Seeing my boys play together and get along.
I watched the rest of Grace and Frankie off netflix and it was fantastic. 
Me and my friends enjoyed a nice movie at theater.
My son caught his first fish. 
My favorite player for Chelsea FC, Eden Hazard, has declared that he will continue at the club for the upcoming season, so I am psyched about it.
I booked a hotel for cheap.
My boss asked me to head up a big important new project that will allow me to take on more responsibility. 
I finished a goal I have been working towards for a very long time in The Elder Scrolls Online.
My hair stylist gave me a bottle of leave in conditioner to try for free, as long as I would let her know how I liked it. That saved me $20 and I get to review a product!!!
I ate some good pizza, Pizza hut to be exact.
I was able to work towards a goal on my fitness level and maintain a steadfast target. With only 88 days left, I should be able to navigate to the top level of the program and earn the highest reward of $125.
Me realizing that I have someone to talk to, Having someone to talk to can make a world of difference. It makes me happy to talk to my cousin in law. 
I was happy to get our baseball game over with and come back home.
I saw there was another leak connecting Trump to Russia which means he is one step closer to a prison sentence.
Whereever to search definitely got the gift that gift is my parents
Another thing that made me happy today was the fact that I have booked in a trip that is going to occur next month. I have been playing for quite a while now and I have made the decision to book part of the trip today. 
I picked up my order I placed online with Walmart and was very happy no one was at customer service when I went to pick it up!
My girlfriend slept over.
I was speaking with  my other sister who was telling me  my niece who's baby is due any day  is now 8lbs 6 oz and will most likely will not fit a lot of the newborn clothes she got at the a baby shower and we joked that the baby's father, who is frugal ( nice way of saying cheap) was going to stuff her in all those clothes so he wouldn't have to buy any for sure. My sister and I shared a good laugh about that.
I discovered a new TV show that I'm really enjoying.
I brought a $15 big tv for my room.
I managed my finances and made a plan on how to save more money.
I got to come home an see my cat.
I ate a nice cheese omelette for breakfast. 
Seeing the sunshine as I drove to work this morning.
Had a student mention how I have taught them all the math that they know.
I reconnected with a woman I had dated last summer and we agreed to go out again.
I cooked hamburgers and fries for dinner, and was given compliments on the tastiness of the food.
My stepdad said he will help us with our rent temporarily.
I got to get into bed after a long day.
I ate some delicious chocolate cake.
I meditated when I woke up this morning
I was happy when I did a exercise this morning.
I fixed fried rice for dinner, which turned out really good and my kids devoured it, leaving me a happy mama. 
Some flowers I planted the other day started to bloom. 
My flatmate (roommate) made me a healthy lunch.
I went on a long walk with my puppy and the sun was shining. 
My grandpa apparently learned how to text this week and sent me a few messages today saying how excited he is to "finally be in the 21st century."
My son did his project without our help.
It was Opening Day for the Kansas City Royals.
I sold another item on Craigslist too.
I had the house to myself for a few hours.
I went for a walk and set a new distance record for myself.
Our sorority's chapter got a letter from our chapter advisor and it was really heartfelt and loving. 
I was happy to see a much anticipated reveal trailer for one of my favorite video game's sequels.
I got a new case for my iPhone and did some clearing of unnecessary apps and files. 
I go to the ocean to calm down, to reconnect with the creator, to just be happy.
I sent out messaging for a big campaign at work today and immediately had three people respond within the first hour, so it was great to see that immediate progress.
Having my boyfriend cook dinner. we had burgers and eating dinner together.
It made me happy today to be able to have dinner tonite.
My mother fixed me a delicious meal.
My grandma is able to go to an assisted living facility. 
My wife got a job interview this Friday.  She is an RN and should be able to get a job soon.  I'm tired of her being unemployed.
At night when I ate pizza with friends in my dancing practice.
My son helped me complete a project that I needed to get done, he was very helpful and I was very thing for him.
My youngest daughter did very well at her volleyball game.
This morning, my wife and I were able to go out to breakfast with each other.
my daughter came over and gave me a kiss
My husband wasn't feeling well and ended up staying home today. While he was not feeling great, his company was welcomed and very nice. 
My girlfriend's cousin bought a scratch ticket, and I scratched it and it won $100.
I went out for a walk in nice weather after being c
My husband and I watched 4 episodes of the original Star Trek TV series, season one.
My wife and I baked some cookies with using store bought cookie dough and we realized it is really easy.
every time is our happiest moment.We can't define our all 
happiest moment.
Had a decent conversation with a random family in train during a 5.5hour journey.
I drank an arizona iced tea, and it was very good
Yesterday evening I got lot of works in Mturk.I was able to earn more money than previous days.
I read a book chapter that reminded me why I do what I do.
i finally heard back from a client whose book i've been planning to proofread, and he paid the deposit for my work, showing me that he is serious, after a few weeks of silence on his end.
It's about to be my 30th birthday in about an hour. don't know how to feel about it but I don't feel bad. I feel good. I think I can call it happy.
YESTERDAY WE CELEBRATING MY COLLEAGUE BIRTHDAY IN OUR OFFICE..LOT OF FUN  AND MOST HAPPIEST MOMENT..
When i am come to my office i me my grandpa and grandma, they shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
I ate some really good steak.
Spent some time with my daughter outside playing with the dogs.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma.They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in  my life.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to set a bright future in my life.
I have been going for temple in yesterday. So very happy moment for this yesterday
When I am came to my office , I me my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle 's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
When i came to my office. I met my grandpa and grandma they shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
Having my pizza delivered faster than usual.
I was last happy when I was able to sleep alone last night. Most of the time my daughter comes and sleeps with me but she didn't last night. I had the whole king size bed to myself!
I was happy today when I ate a nice piece of cake today.
I plan on taking a trip to Arizona in a few weeks to see my cousins
MY SON'S BIRTHDAY SO, WE ARE GOING TO FILM.
I won a few dollars on a lottery ticket.
Having a beer
I got my loan amount sanctioned for home.  
I received an A on my Chemistry exam.
I had an enjoyable evening last night relaxing and playing some games on the computer before going to bed, and was able to get to sleep pretty quick.
I had a long drive in my car with my family and i am happy
My is not good one she distributed every time in my wife
Seeing my two cats when I got home from work.
The book I had reserved at the library finally came in.
HAPPY EVENT IN MY LIFE MY FRIEND BIRTHDAY PARTY CELEBRATION VERY ENJOY AND HAPPINESS
HAPPY EVENT IN MY LIFE MY FRIEND BIRTHDAY PARTY CELEBRATION VERY ENJOY AND HAPPINESS
Today is MLB  Opening Day.
Went to the park in really great weather and felt really good.
I went long drive on yesterday with my friends after long days we enjoyed more.
I listening to a nice radio talk show during my commute to work.  It was interesting and I learned a lot.
I bought a new decant of cologne that I like
I started to plan a vacation to France.
YESTERDAY I GOT CLASS TOPPER AWARD CAME FROM MY COLLEGE. THAT MOMENT I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
YESTERDAY MY SISTER IN LAW BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION IS VERY NICE IS MY HAPPIEST MOMENT.
Daughter take the Admission to LKG School
My mom got a surprise $15 in the mail.
My dog greeting me at the door.  It is a common occurrence, but it always cheers me up after a long day.
went to the gym
I got a letter from my grandmother in the mail.
I saw an amazing sunset.
I watched the season finale of one of my favorite show in which I enjoyed every minute of it.
YESTERDAY, MY SISTER IN LAW BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION WAS VERY NICE.THAT MOMENT MY HAPPIEST MOMENT.
I shopped online and bought myself some new clothes.
YESTERDAY WONDERFUL DAY BECAUSE THIS DAY GOOD DAY
Reading a book made me happy. 
Before one week I so very happy because my typewriting exam  in distinction so very happy
When we got home, I was able to sit quietly by the pond out back for an hour and it was very peaceful.
I found out today that we're moving offices, and the new office is even closer to my apartment than the current one is. 
I ate a new vegetarian burrito 
I prayed the god please my daughter to change 
Found out 'Better Call Saul' season 3 has already started, so I can watch the first episode tonight.  
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
i got to watch my favorite show last night, it was great!
My wife was in a good mood today after work, and has been generally happy and pleasant to be around, we have been joking around with each other all evening - it has made for a very nice evening.
I went out for dinner with friends and had a good time
I have more money in my account than I thought.
I filled out my vacation mail hold form on the USPS website today.
I had ice cream and pizza for dinner.
Today I got my lawn cut and the price was within my budget . 
Got fertilizer, weed and feed, grass seed and straw down this evening prior to 3 days of rain this week.
i am very happy in mobile game and playing cricket
I hate a great sandwich for lunch.
when i am going my village and met my grandpa and grandma very en joyful for this moment.
Practicing my French lessons. I got to understand French better because of it.
I am watching the NCAA basketball championship which is one of my favorite events.
I got a half-price milkshake from Sonic. 
I got from my house to my car two seconds before a downpour started. 
I was thinking about a trip I will be taking later this week to meet up with some friends in Denver.
I worked out today.
I ran into a friend.
When I'm lying on the sofa, my mother tickle me... I was laughing
I won $50 playing poker.
Got around to de-weeding and planting my garden.
I weighed myself and saw that I lost some weight. 
In the past 24 hours I played video games with my husband for a while, that made me kind of happy and took my mind away from things, if only for a little while.
I cuddled with my girlfriend.
I got to sleep in.
My husband came home early from work.
My fiancee and I learned a new song on the guitar and banjo last night.
Learned how to do a new procedure at work today making me a better doctor
Watching the NCAA Basketball game with my boyfriend.
I spent time with my girlfriend watching the tv show Empire.
I had a harsh car drive in the national highway with my four friends who are very close to me.
yesterday i had lunch with my family after a long time i am having lunch with my family and i was very happy because yesterday it was my spouse birthday.
I made a decent amount of money today.
Getting my cat back from the vet, she was sick and we had not been together and I felt lonely without her
Winning in poker at the casino 
I got a batch of chicken cooked cut and measured so I have healthy food for the week.
My doctor gave me a good outlook on my back injury.
An event that made me happy this evening was when a player from my favorite MLB team (who also happens to be on one of my fantasy baseball teams) hit 2 home runs during the game.
When I got home from work, my dog gave me the most enthusiastic greeting she's given in a while.
My puppy and I went for a really nice 3 mile walk this morning.
My wife came home and bought an energy drink without me asking for it.  It's something I really love, but I seldom buy for myself.
I woke up this morning and didn't feel as sick as last night, so I was able to go to work.
I watched a documentary on YouTube.
When I am come to my office I me my grandpa and grandma They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blesses me to get a bright future in my life.
Made dinner at home with my girlfriend.
I got to leave work early.
When I graduated as an engineer
I ate a delicious meal for dinner. 
My mom finally got a new car.
YESTERDAY MY MOM BOUGHT A CAR.IT WAS HER LIFETIME DREAM.IT MADE ME VERY HAPPY.
when i bought my brother the new x-box.
I received a package in the mail that I was waiting for all week. 
My favorite streamer on Twitch started stream early today.
My favorite player hit a home run tonight and my team won their game!
Watching a movie on tv with a friend. 
I watched the a few episodes of the new season of The Trailer Park Boys, and it's much better than the last couple seasons.
I went out for lunch and had sushi. So yummy!!
I had a chance to visit with a staff member that I have not had a chance to get to know. 
I ate a homemade taco meal for dinner.
I got to sleep in this morning as I did not have anything to complete before work.
My boyfriend and I talked on the phone before we both fell asleep last night, and I woke up a few hours later to find that our phones were both still in the call and I could hear him breathing lightly. It was really sweet and made me think about how much I love him.
I am happy because I had chicken wings and beer for dinner.  
I went to the gym with my older grandson, talked all the way there and back and had fun working out together.
Found a new music artist that I like listening to.
The NCAA championship was on TV
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

My fiance kissed me!
In my computer science class I took a big exam and it was not half as bad as I feared it to be.
I m very happy when i hear that my package tour expenses is approved by my top level management for regarding my performance.
Morning at  9.00am i wrote Group-4 exam in exam centre.Exam question paper very easy,my preparation also very well.I hope this time defiantly i"ll earn a good marks in my examinations.I pray the god save me.
I got paid for a big order I sent out on an app that I do business on, and I am going to get a lot for the order. 
I started a woodworking project today and I made significant progress in it
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
The freeways were clear and there was no traffic on my way home from work today.
I watched a movie with my friends
Restocking my empty fridge with food made me happy.
Watched a basketball game on tv of my team, Spurs, as they won against the Utah Jazz.
I was able to successfully complete my job and was even allowed to leave early after work as I was extremely productive. 
Was able to watch my favorite TV show in entirety without interruption. 
Found out a new recipe which was successful
I discovered a new and inspiring Youtube show about a family living a minimalist lifestyle aboard a boat so I watched ten straight episodes of it happily.
One of my best friends just broke the new that he managed to get a job in my country's crashing market.
I went for a good jog when it was getting cool out.
I got to cook dinner with my father. We cooked breakfast for dinner like we used to when I was a kid. It was really fun. 
The day with my pet
I was able to visit a club where I spent a lot of my childhood which made me very nostalgic.
I received an RSVP that my grandma and uncle are both coming to my wedding.
I realized that I had accidentally double booked my time this next weekend and then right after I found out one event had been cancelled.  A small happiness, but still relief! 
I spent video chat time with my brother, his children, and my dad.
Today was my second day of going for a walk (in a row) because I'm trying to be more active and get in shape and I felt pretty good about that.
I brought new saree for my wife and she was very happy with that.
I successfully completed a 1 hour survey worth $4 in mturk.
I had my favorite meal last night 
I played with my dog for a few minutes earlier this morning.
A friend told me tonight that she is getting married and I was excited for her.
My spouse washed the sheets on our bed.
I watched a new episode of a tv show that I really enjoy.
we purchased a new cooler, which is very much useful in this summer. which makes me happy.
A third thing that made me happy was taking a relaxing shower.
I am selected as the chairman of my area welfare board unanimously 
We all family members enjoyed watching a recent movie in TV. The movie was a total entertainer.
I practiced my guitar for a few hours.
I was happy that I was able to reach my goal of studying up to a specific section in my textbook.
I ate McNuggets from McDonalds, a treat I haven't had for a long time.
I ran 5 miles.
My aunt coming to visit after such a long time not seeing her.
Enjoyed spending time with my daughter.
Nowadays, happiness is a fuzzy concept and can mean many different things to many people. Part of the challenge of a science of happiness is to identify different concepts of happiness, and where applicable, split them into their components. Related concepts are well-being, quality of life and flourishing. At least one author defines happiness as contentment.[6] Some commentators focus on the difference between the hedonistic tradition of seeking pleasant and avoiding unpleasant experiences, and the eudaimonic tradition of living life in a full and deeply satisfying way.
Running out of easy to get sugary garbage drinks, I was forced to make a cup of tea this evening and I'm enjoying it more than I thought I would.
Watched a movie with all of my friends at a really nice movie theater.
I found out my friend is planning a party for next week.
I was able to find time to sit down and focus on my business despite the busy things going on in my life. 
Succesfully finish one of my goal in a game
I found a new YouTube channel that is essentially a radio channel showcasing different types of jazz/lo-fi hiphop songs.
This happy hit because it makes me think of the happy things!
Watched the NCAA basketball final game and it was fantastic.
The boba shop close to my apartment gave me a BOGO coupon, which I just used an hour ago.
I hung out and talked with co-workers.
Getting praised at work for getting some things things while my boss was out of the office last week.
Today my boss told me that I'm doing an excellent job at work and that I would be in consideration for a raise
I returned home after work and got to see my girlfriend.
My wife had an insight as to what had been causing her some personal grief and it resolved to become exceptionally good.
I ordered a fancy air filter new part for my new car.
Yesterday my oldest daughter, Mary, and my middle daughter, Edie, and I drove to the ranch of a friend who raises llamas and we got to observe, feed, and even receive an "air-kiss" from a couple of female llamas.
I got happy when I realized I got to sleep in this morning since my work schedule changed. 
I bought myself a chocolate bar.
Running 2 miles at the gym.
The other happy moment was when my best friend friend requested me for a dance at the college event. I love dancing. And dancing with my best friend made me much more happier. I am feeling very happy dancing with her today.
The Hurricanes still have a slim, tiny chance to make the playoffs. It's very unlikely, but a slim chance is better than none. 
Making myself dinner.
I discovered a new music group that I like.
Cleaned my room and finished chores I had put off over the weekend
Having my very warm dog sleeping next to me and  hearing her snore.
I met a young lady at work who reminded me of my college sweetheart (the resemblance was uncanny).
I made a great joke at work. 
after long KM walk i saw my wife its very hard to see her morning time. its also happiest moment. i saw her after crossing a big road.
I went grocery shopping after putting it off for almost a week, so now I have new food in the fridge
I am on track to finishing a small task on MTurk that can potentially get me 80 cents, which is a very high reward for the short time committed.
My cat was super cute.
I went to my relatives house.
I found my favorite iced coffee on sale for buy one, get one free.
I watched a video and enjoyed it.
I had a perfect post-workout protein shake.
I caught up with a person that I haven't seen in a while.
I received a higher grade on a test than I expected. 
when my friends planing a travel in abroad
i got together with some friends to watch the ncaa championship game. 
I get to work a short day today
A friend of mine made the effort to say hi to me first instead of me.
I realized Easter is in two weeks and not this week, so I won't be doubling on it as I thought I had been.
I went to the grocery store and saw that strawberries were on sale for a dollar.
I got done with my part of closing activities at work and actually had the time to help out in another department.
I had a slow day at work today. 
Encountered a stray cat, a very beautiful white cat, that acted very social and though it wouldn't let me touch it we "chatted" for a few minutes
My husband told me that we have some extra money so I can visit a friend who now lives in Virginia. 
Yesterday afternoon I found out that I was finally going to get the puppy that I had chosen to adopt and had wanted for such a long time.
I am happy because this week is going to be a pretty easy and relaxing week.
I stepped on the scale and noticed I have lost weight, reassuring me that my diet is working.
Before breakfast this morning while my husband was still sleeping I snuck back into bed with him and cuddled him. We spooned for a few minutes before he had to get up and start getting ready for work.
it is very good happy moment.so we go to restaurant with my family members. it gives lot of fun and happy to my family.i feel very happy moment in my life.we ate very different continent foods in the restaurant.  
Seeing the video of the Hardy boys entrance at Wrestlemania.
I finished making a new plush animal with my sewing machine.
I am in the process of starting up a small business and have just delivered my first sale. It was definitely a very happy and satisfying moment, as I am proud of my work and my new business. I was thrilled and kept a record of my first invoice.
I'd be happy to live till 80 as long as I was comfortable and in good health. Mind you, ask me again on the eve of my 80th birthday. Even so, I hope we don't all start living to be 120. I'm not sure I'd cope with another 60 years.
I want to be happy. I realized that being happy isn't necessarily about getting there, it's how you get there. It almost sounds like a cliche, but every entrepreneur I've talked to - every good entrepreneur - really enjoys the 'how you get here.'
I made my girlfriend and myself some fried eggs over toast this morning while rushing to school and work. 
Being able to talk to my friend who lives two hours away and hear about her day. My friend lives two hours away, she use too live down the street from me and she was my best friend but now that she live two hours away I can't see how that much. She recently moved in a new apartment so being able to hear about her new apartment and plan for when I can come visit made me happy. 
WHEN I WENT OUT FOR MY BIRTHDAY ON SUNDAY.
ALL FAMILY MEMBERS GOING TO PICNIC .WE ARE ALL ENJOYED.THAT IS ONE OF THE HAPPIEST MOVEMENT.
I was happy that my children fell asleep before 9pm, for the first time in a long time.
After working on my taxes I made brownies and enjoyed the chocolaty goodness as a way to de-stress. 
i worked out two days in a row for the first time in many years.
I was happy when I was able to eat 3 pieces of fried chicken for dinner. 
Spending time with my son
I played a new video game on my iPhone.
I weighed myself this morning and seen that I lost 3 lbs since Saturday so that means that my healthy eating habits are helping me to lose weight.
A small romance with my girlfriend makes me feel happy
Watching a great show
happy family
Listened to a fantastic episode of My Brother My Brother and Me podcast.
I watched a good, competitive match in the NCAA basketball finals with UNC and Gonzaga.
I got to see a friend I haven't seen in weeks and it was really nice to see him!
My close friend told me today that she is super grateful for our friendship and that I mean a lot to her and to her happiness.
I was able to go home to see my girlfriend and dog after work.
I finished my homework.
Recently My sister came to India to Visit us. But For a quite while even before she visiting us, she has been suffering.
Driving home after a long day of school and work.
Having the free time to complete some outdated tasks.
prepared food for the first time 
I cancelled a weekend meeting with my classmates.
I finished a lot of my class readings a couple days in advance. 
I was able to learn a new topic that I couldn't understand for awhile, so now I'm able to do more projects.
I informed my wife that i am going to join in banking coaching class in the next month, once i informed she was very happy that i am extending my career.
I got a salary hike.
The grocery store had easter egg nog this year.
I reached my first goal of walking 3 miles a day every day for a week. 
I learnt new skill for reducing my workload this thing made me happy
My mother made a special sweet cake for me.
I got my favorite cereal for breakfast 
I was able to resist cigarette during a tea break. 
I gave my cat a bath after few months of shedding hair and smelling bad. He scratched me a little but I had fun giving him a nice foam and then drying him, now he smells nice.
yesterday i went to dinner with my friends and i enjoyed my dinner situation and happy
I went for a walk in the sunshine.
Talked with an old friend.
Having a nice chat with my boss and feeling like they think I am a natural leader.
The final thing is my debit card showing up.
Being able to relax tonight and not study
I spent time with my pets.
I managed to stay under my calorie intake for the day so I can continue losing weight.
I GONE A JOLLY TRIP WITH MY FAMILY LAST SUNDAY THAT MOVEMENT MAKE ME A HAPPY
A coworker I really respect called me smart.
I received a voucher for a free pair of earrings.
Taking a long nap made me happy.
I saw a really cute dog out for a walk with its owner.
today i have watched the end of walking dead. it was really awesome and fantastic.it made me think about all day.
I went to a djembe class.
I got promoted as Manager yesterday, feeling so happy.
That my mom and dad were happy with the paint job that my wife and I did. 
I played a video game.
My sister came over for dinner and we had pizza tonight.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I made progress on collecting payment on old flood restoration claims that I am being paid a 20% commission to collect on. 
I remembered our whole dance in my dance class even though it's been weeks since we went over it. Even the teacher looked to me to remember the steps.
Yesterday I went to my friends house for mata ki choki n I felt so carm n happy there .we all friends dance on mata ka song n had a blast .
I was able to finish doing some of the things I've been needing to do for awhile (e.g, doing my laundry), and it's nice to finally get the things I needed to do done. 
It made me happy to talk to my friend Peter in Ireland over fb messenger.
I made it to work on time.
Watching the season finale of the Walking dead.
I went out to dinner to eat sushi at a nice restaurant.
My wife got me beef jerky when she went to the store and I didn't even ask for it.
I won $1250 by correctly picking the men's basketball national champion team.
I just finished clean my house, and it looks very good. I am very satisfied and happy at the moment.
I have some credit card debt to pay and I don't have money for that and today my friend said he will give some money to pay for my credit card bill and that moment made me feel happy.
I avoided getting wet in the heavy rain today.
The weather was awesome outside and I had a brisk walk for 20 minutes. The cool breeze was feeling really nice and the atmosphere made me happy.
ENJOY WITH FUNCTION
I had something nice to eat that fit in with my current diet plan.
Yesterday my tummy was full with Bangalore street foods. I can't tell you what and all i ate yesterday. I was so happy eating all those tasty and yummy bites.
Cooking my own mea this morning after a week away from home made me happy today. 
I managed to recruit an employee, we agreed on the terms and we are on even ground. This made me happy, I now have someone who I have committed to working with my company.
Finishing the weekly shopping.
I got to have fried chicken for lunch today which is really rare in my household because it's fattening. I enjoyed every single bite. It was so good!
I WENT TO YOGA
In fact, researchers found only the company of work colleagues and clients is more depressing.
Researchers at the London School of Economics collated data from smartphone users who used an app to log their levels of happiness over a three-year period. 
I watched the season finale of The Walking Dead with my family.
My stocks are doing good.
I was able to catch up on long-awaited sleep, which I was lacking from having worked long hours over the weekend.
I got a new order from my customer.
Fixed my significant other's cell phone.
Yesterday Morning I met with an accident but i didn't got any hurt.That made me feel happy.
I met my brother and he showed me his new phone and told me about its features. I really surprised and happy about how the technology improved a lot.
I WENT TO BROWSING CENTER
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I joined my son for swimming class and he is extremely happy about it, which makes me happy too
The third thing that made me happy is today is week off from my work and thinking of that moment feels happy.
My husband bought a new sari for me.
I went to beach.
Its a age of technology, We can see and here our distant relative instantly through technological advancement like Skype. My grandchild is who is just just four month old is staying in Mumbai. when I was using laptop, my son connected his mobile through Skype and we could see our grand child. She is very active and was giving response to our gestures. It was a moment of great hapiness. 
It spoke to a friend that I have not spoken to in years and it was great! 
I ate a burrito.
I went for a movie with my friends.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I bought a new dress for my wife.
My best friend and me went for a movie yesterday and i enjoyed watching the movie.
The weather was very nice.
My stepbrother brought me a banana chocolate chip muffin that his friend made.  I love muffins.
This happened this Diwali.
As I entered my native at Night after quite a long journey , crackers were everywhere, everyone busy with lighting crackers, having sweets etc.
But only a Man n Woman, busy with their regular work, woman is busy cleaning the home, man sitting outside quiet. Once I entered that home, She ran to me, Hugging me tight, With tears she Said "You made my day my son, I never expected you would come ". Yes, She was my grand ma, Looking at her eyes , I said " I am there for you ma, Don't worry ". I wiped off the tears and fed sweets which I brought to both of them with my hand. While going I had brought some Fruits, Sweets and Juice for them . Along with them I had also purchased a cell phone, which is capable of playing songs and videos along with memory card . I had downloaded few  Hari Kathe ( Kannada mythological stories ) and old Songs ( My grand pa loves Hari Kathe so much ). I showed them how to play them also. I set my number to speed dial. We had food together with conversation about many things including my marriage. They had a big smile on their face. At that moment I have experienced " True Happiness ". I just realise how to spread happiness . Even I am having billions also, I am sure I can't feel that Happiness. Why they were sorry is not needed now, but they were in deep sad.
I bought a bag of sunflower seeds.
A storm that was threatening to hail on my new car passed by without causing any damage.
My sick cat, who has been having trouble eating, had a nice decent-sized dinner tonight.
I created an item (key chain) using a 3D printer and the software on my computer.
i got a best employee award in my job that was very happy for me.
My colleagues took me out for lunch and gave me treat. 
It was sunny in my city and my city is known for being perpetually cloudy, so being in the sun for a few hours recharged me and made me feel better.
My work approved my superior
I got to play a new video game that I have been excited to play for a few weeks.
It made me happy that my youngest child slept well last night. 
My roasted chicken turned out to be delicious which I had googled the recipe for.
Monday is finally done with and I'm not having a bad day.
My best friend went to one interview and she had faced many rounds, finally she got selected as software engineer.At that time she called me and told that she got job, i felt very happy.
I was happy when I was eating a delicious veggie burger. This made me happy because it tasted so good and I was craving it all day.  I was happy when I was finally eating it eating it was so good.
Yesterday night 22:10 o clock we started to eat, my entire family will eat unique and share happiness and speaking then eating. Almost we finished the dinner at 23:30 o clock. That was good experience we eat lot of foods and cleared the all of foods in the dinning table. Because we donat know how we eat and finished all of foods, yes because we enjoyed with speaking then eating so canat measure how eat. Nice experience. Iam happy for that, Always I would like to eat like this because will be unique. I love my family. Thank you.
GIVING BISCUIT TO NEEDY PERSON.
I completed a job application that I had been putting off. 
Both of my dogs jumped up, happy to see me when I returned home.
I weighed myself and lost 2 pounds!
I ate fish and chips for lunch and was able to share it with my mom.
I played with my daughter before her bedtime.
I had a conversation with an old friend today over facebook. I haven't talked to him in almost 10 years. It brought be back a little bit.
My daughter and I went shopping. 
I ate a piece of chocolate cake, and it was delicious.
YESTERDAY, MY SISTER'S SON TALKED AT PHONE AND HE WAS ONLY ONE OF YEAR OLD . I WAS VERY HAPPY HEARING HIS LITTLE VOICE.
I had a successful day at work and my clients were happy.
Happy color run. That event I could not forget. They made me very happy and I could do I lke 
My author friend told me she had started a new novel and wanted me to read the first few pages.
Finally finished bathroom project that was going for couple month
I got a bug bonus from work
My husband cleaned out my car for me while I took a nap.
I had lasagna, my favorite food, for lunch.
what ever it may be giving happiness in others is one of the big achievement ..The amount of satisfaction you feel on making others happy is uncomparable to anything else..It is surprising how some motivational things said by successful people tend to inspire me to be good human in life...one is my mom....and other is my friends i went to them and had fun that make my day...that was my big happy moment
yesterday i made chappathi
My parcel with purchased items arrived in my town today and I am happy I will be able to pick them later today.
My dog gave me the sweetest kiss earlier today. It really made my day, I was already feeling under the weather. 
I played a game on my phone. 
Preparing for party night 
Watching porn movies.
I made it to work in record time. I caught all of my train connections !!!
My son brought few flowers from our small garden in the yard and garlanded it and kept in my hair using bobby pin. He was so sute to do that.
My puppy passed her health checkup at the vet and gained two pounds.
I visted festival of flower show
Had a really nice "romp" with my girlfriend
I was qualified in the state level eligibility test for teachers qualification.
A friend who I thought had been becoming more distant called on the phone to chat.
I saw my baby dancing of happiness. This made me so happy. He was so excited that he is going to his daddy.
My friends give me surprise party on my birthday its a happiest event for me.
I took a work from home
My fiancee sent me cute snapchats.
My maid helped me in my cooking as I had to go outside work had to get over fasr
I got everything I set out to do today accomplished.
My husband came home early from office last night 
I drew some stuff.
I looked in at my paypal account and found out that something I was selling on ebay sold.
I was happy to talk to my mom today and keep in touch with her. She has been traveling and I haven't seen her in a long time.
I went to eat banh cuon yesterday, it is a vietnamese dish, very delicious.
I went on a date with a girl that I really like. We hit if off fantastically. She's super attractive and out geeks me. We made out a bunch and I think it's got potential.I've noticed improvements to my body from regular exercise.I'm on holiday and able to sleep in.Feels good man.Talked to and hung out with my best friend today, which was pretty sublime.
My best friend smoked a blunt with me.  
My wife and I watched a Louis CK comedy show on Netflix, it was hilarious.
my husband sister 1st delivery got it 2 girl baby
I ran 10kms for the first time in my life. I surprised myself with my performance 
I was happy last night when I made boudin with apples for dinner - one of my favorite recipes!

  

I got a promotion at my workplace.
I scheduled a 3 day vacation to the beach. Booked the hotel and everything over memorial day weekend. I cant wait! 
I scheduled a 3 day vacation to the beach. Booked the hotel and everything over memorial day weekend. I cant wait! 
A bought a very nice pair of sun glasses
I went at cinema, and watched a very good movie
I fixed my car problems
I dropped off my rental car in Dublin and no longer had to drive on Ireland's narrow streets. 
Had a good meditation session.
I got the news of my promotion to a higher post.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
My friend Edna called from Switzerland to tell me that she is expecting a boy and would like me to be the godmother when he is born. 
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
Ordered some new clothes I'm exited to wear.
I spent a good amount of time on mobile games.
BEFORE I WEEK SO VERY HAPPY MOMENT FOR LIFE . BECAUSE PASSED IN TYPE WRITING EXAM.
went to a movie of my favourite hero after so long time
The pinched nerve I have in my shoulder is finally starting to go away, as I didn't feel any pain today at all. 
Talked to my friend.
I finished my work early at work, and the boss was very happy with me. 
I had a bowl of ice cream.
I got food from my favorite japanese restaurant.
I watched an interesting documentary.
Celebrated send off for my team mate today by sharing gifts and we cut cake for her.
Lunch hour wandering around Oxford on a warm, sunny day
I was happy while watching the film The Raid 2 with a friend.
I got hired in my new part time job as a cashier.
I played pokemon go along with my friends.
I received a nice complement from a friend.
My wife and I watched a series finale of a good show on tv.
I bought a chargeable table fan due to power cut and had a good sleep at night.
a long peaceful chat with my mother made me feel happy
I was happy when my fiance and I went to the store, we were both hungry and picked out some food for dinner.
My husband and I made love.
Last night I slept very nice so I woke up full of energy for a new day, that makes me happy.
Getting happy birthday wishes on facebook
My baby slept through the night and was so happy to see me in the morning.
It made me happy when i have received an email from my company saying i got a promotion
I put on my favorite pair of jeans that make me fell like I rule the world. 
The ending of the Walking Dead finale.
I listened to new music from a band my boyfriend show me and it was really good listening.
I have received performance bonus from my employer. It is also one of the reason to celebrate. Actually it made my entire family happy too. The moment the funds were into my account, we went for shopping and had full fun.
Struggling for half an hour  to move a very old rose bush that I thought was dead to a new place in the garden. I was happy when the job was done and had a glass of wine while sitting in the garden enjoying my handy work.
I took an extended lunch break yesterday and met up with an old friend to catch up on our lives and hear about his new home and children.
i made biriyani today morning
I accomplished the tasks at the office quicker that I expected.
I grilled some fish with vegetables and enjoyed the meal with my girlfriend.
Another event that made me happy was making cookies for dessert. 
I found out the new lush mother's day collection is released online.
this will seem weird but i found the perfect porn this morning, the actress looked just like my friends sister so i really enjoyed the fantasy
I was playing a videogame and won a round.
I got to talk to my husband after a long time, as he stays abroad for job and is very busy with work.
I found time to read a couple minutes of my book.
I felt happy when I was done teaching for the day - I could relax!
I recently sold an acoustic guitar on ebay.
I got a personal day off from work approved after waiting for the decision for 2 weeks.
My new cable package has some movies that I am just now find out about and have been able to watch them.
I ot my new t-shirts in the mail.
A package I was expecting arrived earlier than I thought. Now I have the items that I ordered.
Having a cookie for dessert after dinner.
I am happy that my wife's glucose test came back negative and that she does not have gestational diabetes. 
I ate food I enjoyed. 
I had a fantastic dinner of spicy fried chicken.
My smoothie this morning tasted delicious.
I got money sent to me I wasn't expecting. 
 I was walking on a road about 3 hours and suddenly i feel for loo, in front of me there is a public toilet with no lines, woe? a great feeling, when thereas no line for a public restroom. it makes me happy.
The first cup of tea of the day which I drank in the morning.
I found a new brand of hazelnut coffee at a local store that tastes fantastic!
I sold some items on Ebay.
I finished my book on CD and got the happy ending I'd been expecting all along.
I got a bavarian creme donut to eat.
I made an amazing dinner ( I had pre-cooked it thinking I would have to work) it was meatball subs with a homemade sauce and it came out perfect...the right blend of bread, meatballs,cheese and sauce. Bonus: all 3 of the kids ate their entire sub
I was happy that I was able to get up at 5 o'clock to do some studying and meditation.
I finally had time to play Legend of Zelda with my sister.
Talking to my mom, as I do each Monday, and hearing her sound so positive and feeling good about life.
yes I have a pregnant is a happy moment
When my wife took off from work to help me out at home.
i arranged the party for my salary increment
The book that I have been wanting to read for the best part of a year finally comes out today and I am so excited to read it
I was able to sit down in the evening and watch the NCAA basketball game in its entirety.
My boyfriend asked me to go on a walk with him.
My husband did our laundry for this week which doesn't happen often.
I was able to make a new flavor of vape juice. 
I made it home safely after a night of drinking with friends.
I worked on some turk hits
I was happy when I laid down and was able to relax.
I talked to my friend who has been away in another state for the past week. We spent 45 minutes catching up.
I tried making a new grilled tuna recipe for dinner and it came out better than expected.  
I got to bed early and fell right to sleep. 
Joe was in a silly mood, and kept making bad puns and jokes.    He has been really crabby as of late so this made my day.  I've missed his sense of humor.
Picked up an extra shift this week at work. Overtime, here I come!!!!
I was able to spend some time with friends
I finished a lot of my work for the week in one long session.
Texting Emilie after not hearing from here for awhile was something that made me happy as I felt connected to somebody and grateful for our lifelong connection. 
When I got home I saw that my husband had cleaned up the house. 
Purchased a New Laptop computer for my official working.
Watched walking dead, didnt think it was going to end well but they have a chance!
I laughed with my husband over something funny we saw another driver doing.
started doing Yoga from today.
Jokingly trolling my friend for ten minutes straight. His reactions are the best.
we are saw a cute dolphin. All my family members are really joyed.
I was happy I woke up and have another day to live.
I was very happy yesterday when I woke up in the middle of the night after a dream I was a super hero.
I got a raise at work based on my performance.
A student thanked me for showing him a writing technique. 
A generator I've had for three years started. I thought it wouldn't. Now I can sell it
I was happy when I won $10 on a lottery ticket.  
I am working from home today - and do not plan on working very hard.
My doctor called with test results and they were good.
I found out my brother is coming for a week to visit and I haven't seen him in awhile.
There was fresh summer pasta with vegetables at the cafeteria today, way better than a cold salad or fried meats
I ate hotdogs while watching baseball.
I found out I have the day off of work and can do other things around the house instead.
I got to leave work early about 2 hours. I went into work early at the beginning of the day and i thought that i would have to stay late because of work that got postponed. I was actually able to leave about 3 hours early and got to relax before i went out to eat. 
I was able to finish my poster for a presentation.
Taking shower in the morning and listening music in the full sound makes me happy and I think inside I am happy as I am ble to concentrate on the more things that I will need to do today
I love to sit and cuddle with my two cats ... they are adorable!
Went to bed early.
I paid all my bills off. This was a tedious task but it was one that had to be done.
Today, I went out for lunch with my wife and I am happy.
I had chocolate milk and toast for breakfast while listening to my favorite song.
Snuggling on the sofa with my husband while watching TV last night made me happy.
I was happy when my baby stood up for the first time yesterday.
I was able to talk to my wife and my son on skype. <y son is starting to talk more everyday. 
I don't really care for exercising, but I do it because I feel like I should and after I finished my exercising for today, I was happy because I was done and satisfied with myself for having done it, no matter how much I procrastinated about doing it.
My package came in the mail a day early.
I got caught up on my workload.
My friend invited me out for dinner Thursday.
My scrambled eggs came out perfect the way I like them.
The book I was reading last night is really good and interesting. 
While I was getting ready for work this morning, my daughter got out of bed and talked to me before I left.
The sun is shinning and the birds are singing, I am so glad that spring is finally here. 
I started a new book that I think I'm going to like.
My son did chores
I relaxed last night after a long day by listening and watching some bands I like.
My rebate for purchasing 4 tires came in the mail last night, so I can pay for my alignment.
I cooked a good dinner.
I was very happy when my children were sleeping and my husband and I were able to discuss some important things we needed to discuss.
I was able to shave my long haired cat yesterday. It's a gross process to have to shave her back end but I know it made her feel better and she didn't try to bite or run off this time which made it much easier. Seems like an odd happy moment but when you have a long haired cat leaving poop smears around the house, a good shave makes my life so much easier.
I was at home all settled in for the night and just felt totally happy and satisfied.
My son came over last night and cut my grass which really needed it, the weeds had gotten quite tall.
i have been promoted as senior finance manageri have been promoted as senior finance manager
I put puzzles together with my two sons.
Learned that a job interview had gotten scheduled for a position I'm somewhat interested in.
I just chilled on my bed and enjoyed the silence when I got home from work yesterday. 
The day my birthday my lover gift a gold ring. i am not expected the gift. 
we are going to movie and celebrated my birthday function in theater with my friends. i am enjoyed and happy thus day
It makes me happy to hear my daughter talk about something that she enjoys doing.
I talked to a friend on the phone that I have not spoken to in months.
I got a new game that I have been wanting for a while.
Finally getting to experience a warm and sunny spring day (instead of snow) for the first time since spring actually started.
The team i was rooting for won the national championship. I had money on the Tar Heels winning, and they did.
I took one of my dogs on a mile run at the park.
Looking out the window to see the sun shining made me really happy this morning, because it has rained a lot lately.
Completing 2 projects around the house yesterday
I helped a friend with a problem they were having. 
My son learned how to throw the baseball much further than he had previously. 
My wife is feeling good, we had a talk.
My son is pretty sure they're expecting a child, and they will officially announce it pretty soon!
My sister took time to help me figure out a problem I was having with Libre Calc.
I was very happy after completing my exercise routine. My legs are feeling stronger and I have more energy to complete more repetitions of my strengthening program.
I finally cleaned my very messy garage.
I  went to target and my favorite brand of clothing was having a really big sale!
I did not have to cook supper my daughter cooked for me. 
I went for a drive in the unseasonably beautiful weather.
I was happy when my family and I played a game together (the fact that I won that game for the first time was just bonus!). 
My fiance and I finally got some alone time after months of not having any.
I got to work this morning on time and was able to grab my favourite parking spot near the elevator.
Yesterday I spent the day with my daughter and granddaughter.  We went out for lunch and walked around the outdoor mall.
Having a hone call with my sister last night.
It made me feel happy to be out of class last evening. I was having trouble paying attention and wondering whether or not I was going to make it through class without falling asleep. when class was over I felt happy that I could finally do what I wanted to do for the evening. 
My lunch tasted very good.
start jogging in the morning
I felt happy this morning when I woke up and heard my son playing with his stuffed animals in his room.
I finally got this thing out of my ear thats been bothering me for a few weeks.  wasn't exactly sure what it was but I'm glad that it's gone.
I removed overgrown tree limbs from a large tree in my backyard, while my daughter and her friend played outside.
Eat ice cream next to my daughter
Yesterday, someone sent me a message just to check on my dog. He is sick, and it was nice to know someone was thinking of me and my dog.
Watching all my friends smile and have a good time.
I got to snack on some Double-Stuf Oreos. 
My dog snuggled with me.
When I got home from work yesterday, around 6:00pm, my husband had dinner ready. I was only having a salad, but he had got it all set up for me the way that I like it. It was so thoughtful of him, though he had only gotten home not long before I had arrived. I am really so blessed to have such a wonderful person in my life.
I cooked a new meal it turned out great and everyone loved it.It's nice to have everyone talk about how good it was.I felt good about myself just for a few but it was nice.Most of the time my family says I just heat stuff up.
Watching an interesting documentary
Getting to sleep in while my husband got the kids up and made their lunches.
I help my mom pick out of the dress for an evening out. been a while since she's been out so was a difficult choice and she needed help. made me feel good to help someone
my husband  give me a bucket with red  roses....this is so romantic 
Another event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was when I weighed myself, I realized I reached my weight loss goal.
Enjoying the movie Ted 2
Woke up 5 mins before alarm went off and felt rested.
Sitting on the couch with my girlfriend and discussing our next adventure. 
When I got my first internship program in a well reputed company
I was checking on my savings and saw that I am almost ready to make a large purchase to buy my dream PC.
Money has not yet been deducted from my account.
I successfully cleaned the apartment and I felt productive and useful. 
I went into the kitchen to do the dishes and found they had already been washed and put away by another member of household.
I was happy because I made white chicken chili in the crockpot and it came out perfect.
Going to the gym made me happy
Yesterday at the grocery store, the cashier gave me a discount on my total purchase because I volunteered to bag my own groceries due to them being short on baggers at the time.
My girlfriend got a 100% on her last test.
I sold one of my stocks for a nice profit.
Spoke to an old friend on the phone, which made me very happy. 
My grandchildren were happy to see me when I visited .
Today, I talked on phone with my favourite uncle after a long time.
I paid all my monthly bills last night, and now I have all my finances organized for the rest of the month.
Visited with my new granddaughter.
I washed my motorcycle and took it for an hour-long ride.
Did shopping in nearby mall. Bought a pair of jeans, shoes and t-shirts.
My son got his SAT score back yesterday and scored in the 98% off.
I ate the first mango of this season from my tree yesterday.
Wake up to live another day
Buy an exercise machine
I was happy when I got off of work early when it was such a beautiful day. 
Holding and cuddling with my dog.
My husband  helped me make supper while I was super busy with the kids and all their activities last night.
Making some money made me extremely happy so that my family can have some more food. 
When I got a really nice pen for school
I found out that I don't have to work on a hard project anymore at work.
Today I am wearing my new clothes which I bought last weekend and I am very happy about it.
My daughters each gave me a hug and told me they love me before getting on the bus for school.
I found some lost snacks in my freezer. They still taste great!
My neighbor baked us cookies as a surprise today.
I spent some good quality time with my fiancee instead of focusing so hard on homework.
I finally got the bedroom picked up. 
I took a nap
Glad our son is taking gymnastics.
I finally got paid for a big project I did recently!
A lady told me how good I was looking. 
The weather is so nice I was able to open the windows and air out my house.
Reading books, daily stoic and Escape from cubicle nation.
My husband took a couple days off this week so we got to spend all day with each other yesterday.
My mother telling me how much she loves me and cares for me.
I realized that I was leaving on vacation in three weeks, and I became incredibly excited to go someplace new and different. I began to feel really excited and started researching some destinations I wanted to make sure we saw on the trip. 
When my daughter named the kitten Blizzard.  How cute is that?  He is s a seal point Siamese.  
I had ice cream for dessert.
Went to go see the Power Rangers movie for a second time. It was awesome.
My spouse told me about how well his evening went at work and I was happy for him.
My husbands medical test results came back good
I was able to get half of my bathroom primed while my daughter was taking a nap. I thought I wasn't going to get to work on this until Saturday. Being able to work on it earlier than I thought was pretty great. 
A crazy friend of mines finally got a regular job.Amazing!
I sold an item for a good amount of money online, which will help out with my finances.
Getting a tattoo for the first time!
Getting back into a routine
My son told me , i love you pappa. 
I was able to put my baby to sleep successfully. 
Swinging at the park with my son made me happy.
It was really nice out today after having been cold for so long, so I went out for a walk.
I went for a walk.
I was happy when I woke up early today and could spend more time at the gym.
I got a win on H1Z1
My fiance surprised me with financial good news.
I had sex with my girl friend
I finished an online class I've been working on for a few months. 
My neighbor stopped his leaf blower and turned off his radio.
I felt extra motivated while I was working out.
I found the insurance papers I had been looking for this morning.
My sister shared a Little Debbie Swiss Cake roll with me, and it tasted pretty good. 
What's funny is that I wasn't even watching the first airing on TV because I had an early class in the morning. Plus, I doubted that my Tweet would be shown in Jimmy's famous segment.
I was happy last night being home all together as a family and cuddling together watching a TV show.
When me and my girlfriend went for ice cream for the first time this year.
I sold a set of hearing aids and will be receiving a commission check.
I went to pick up my prescription at the pharmacy yesterday and for once there was no long line.
I talked about nothing and everything with my girlfriend. We talked about live, death and our future. 
I had an amazing sale at work and earned a huge commission on it.
I was happy when I watched Planet Earth on Netflix.
i buy a case for my new Smartphone moto g4.
I got my tax refund direct deposited into my checking account.
I am happy that my family and I all woke up healthy and happy.
I found a very good deal on towels at my favorite home goods store. 
My husband did the dishes for me so I could go get a nice bath and relax for a bit. 
The first group kept a diary of the events that occurred during the day without being told specifically to write about ... How the New Science of Gratitude Can Make You Happier a. ... In addition, you need to start finding joy in the small things instead of holding out for big ... Todds last blog post..24 Hours Of Living 'In The Flow'.little knowledge bombs that, in my opinion, took me way too long to learn. ... If you're too negative, you'll intimidate yourself out of trying things, get too hung up on past ... To make big improvements in one area of your life, you need to work on that one area for at least 20 hours a week, for at least ...
my kid received from school with progress card with details , my kid asking to signature  in progress card same has been process to school teacher. i asked her what the rank in class? she told the i am 3d rank, i told her to get 1st rank, then only i signed, while my kid is trying to convince me saying that next i am top rank in my class. still i feel so much happy.
We have been waiting for work to be done on our house. They finally called and scheduled a time to come out and begin working.
Also at the beach club, had a lovely meal with my wife and then stayed the whole day sunbathing and getting a tan
I was able to enjoy the sunshine for about an hour.
I got a text from a friend  haven't heard from in a while.
I am happy today to know that my country still fighting hard to end corruption and poverty,


I ate some Mexican Sea Food and it was the most amazing experience ever.
I got my 23andme results.
My mother has recovered from the flu.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
I made some really delicious porkchops for dinner.
I went to a friend's house.
I went to dinner with my husband and kids tonight and we rarely go out to eat.
I was able to contribute quite a bit to our weekly meeting, when usually I am very quiet.
I was able to get a very valuable item in a video game I was playing.
I won 200 SR in competitive Overwatch and got to platinum
I started working on a new song that sounded good
I was happy to learn I made 2000 off an insurance claim.
I tried a new restaurant and the salad was fresh.
I cooked a great stir fry for my father.
I shared videos with my best long distance friend.
I ate some orange chicken which was very tasty.
My dogs yearly checkup returned to be good.
Yesterday i tried a new cigarette and that was good. 
I made a part prepayment of my home loan.
when i made a few changes in my newly build house.
My boyfriend and I spent all night replicating Whitecastle hamburgers and they came out almost perfect.
It rained and I got relief from the killing heat. It rained in right proportion and not heavily that made the environment very positive. 
My neighbor was gone all day so I got the whole hallway to myself.
Our power came back on after being knocked out by a storm.
My mom and dad came over for my sons birthday today.
I had an interview with a temp agency and it went really well. I might have a great job lined up.
I went to the mall.
I went to a clinic for sinusitis and received the antibiotic that I prefer because the level 1 amoxicillin has failed two other times. 
I watched a funny video on YouTube.
My favorite sports team won tonight.
I finished a big test this morning and I feel good about it.  I'm hoping for an A
I was able to eat breakfast, which I usually do not have the time for.
Getting to eat a lot of food after work for my dinner.
My boyfriend came over and hung out in the afternoon with me and we cuddled and watched Netflix together.
While packing away my winter gear, I unexpectedly found $40 in the pocket of a coat I'd not worn in a few months.
We gone to the zoo, there we saw lot of animals and birds.My son was so happy.
I am happy now because I am watching The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills season finale.  
I went to all of my classes today and got things accomplished
A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
My friend took me to eat at CafA(c) Rio.
A friend of the family made huge progress in their journey to adopt a little girl.
I had the apartment to myself and I could walk around and have fun.
We got to Facetime with our grandchild and watch him play a new game with his daddy.
I cleaned and reorganized my room to make it a better living space.
I WENT TO MY HOMETOWN WITH MY FAMILY. MY RELATIVES WERE COME TO MY HOMETOWN. SO I FEEL HAPPY TO SEE ALL.
Despite being under pressure for having to study for an exam tomorrow in the afternoon, i had a good day today, and understood everything that my professors lectured about, which is an improvement from the beginning of the semester. 
when my children had a sup prize birthday party,
My betta fish wasn't looking too good so I changed his water early and his water started turning back to normal 
I won $20 in a lottery today.
I had a big bowl of ice cream today
I was able to get a personal record on my deadlift.
last night my sister birthday we celebrates a lot with my family and  friends that day i like very much enjoy - my sister also feel very happy.
i was attended my best friend birthday,which was so excited,surprised and happiest moment.
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE SHOPPING MALL WITH MY SON. THAT TIME MY SON ACTIVITIES WAS VERY HAPPY MOMENTS.
My grandmother took me out to eat at a food truck.
My friend sold a lamp that I gave him and we are going to split the profits.
I met up with an old work colleague and we accomplished a lot together!
watched a good movie 
My supervisor finally approved vacation time for my mid-April trip to Dallas.
I went out for dinner with my boyfriend.
I had a good conversation with a coworker.
While i'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me... i was laughing.
yesterday,i got a new mobile was my happiest moment.
This afternoon, I had a conversation with an old friend from high school.
I found a domain name that wasn't registered. 
I am alive and well
The day with my wife
I had a record-breaking day at work today, and realized that I can be realistically setting my goals a bit higher.
I had delicious Chinese takeout for dinner tonight.
I answered questions independently at work for the first time. 
Three new series of the new anime season had their first episodes air yesterday.
I got a job offer for a company that I really want to work for.
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE PARK WITH MY FAMILY.THAT TIME I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
I finally got the helmet I wanted as a loot drop in a video game I play online.
today my birthday celebration to eventful for party in my friends. 
Yesterday i went to my friend house...eating lot of fruits and biscuits making more happy...
My husband came home and surprised me with a pizza from pizza hut and some beer. It was pretty awesome
We went to look at cars today and found the perfect fit.
My co-workers and I had a funny conversation 
Today I played super smash bros for the Wii U with my friends with a couple beers.
I ran into a friend I hadn't seen in awhile
Today I got the new curtain stitched. The new curtain gives a good look to my rooms.
i met one of my co workers i had yet to meet and she made me feel very welcome to the new job.
I got a new job that pays well.
My friends and I went out and had a drink. 
Today, my son, said his first word, and it was "Daddy."
I purchased a new summer top.
My parents came back from a long vacation, so we met up for dinner. It was nice catching up as a family and spending some time together. 
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

My son just learned how to ride a bike. He tried his first time last week but today was the first time he was able to ride on his own.
A new game that I've been waiting years for to play came out today, Persona 5. 
One of my favorite tv shows started a new season.
I took some lsa and got really high and all bubbly and happy.
I was able to see a movie that I was interested in.
Yesterday was my birthday.I got many Wishes and blessings.Feeling Very happy.My friends came to my house and celebrated my birthday.
I went to Walmart with my mom and while they filled our car with groceries we had a nice chat.
I got salary with good incentive which made me happy
Within the last 24-hours I went to the Steakhouse and while I was there, the young ladies were full of energy that put a smile on the customers face, after receiving my to-go order, I decided to do the unthinkable to reward them with a $100.00 tip. 
I was happy when my friends got home
I ate the craziest thing ever for diner, a burger made of waffles, fried chicken, bacon and maple syrup.
I went to dinner with my parents.
Well today I was going to work and I didn't have money for lunch. When I arrived at work I forgot to restock my protein bars that I usually have a couple in my locker so I was worried. But luckily as I was leave the elevator to my floor where I work I looked down and found twenty bucks on the floor and no one was around, so I took it. 
I drove out and visited my daughter and my 7 grandbabies.
I randomly ran into an old friend I haven't seen in years.
I got into my 1999 Jeep Cherokee XJ that I've been working on and turned on the air conditioning to find that it worked. I had been quoted a price of over $700 to fix it at a shop, and I was looking to replace the entire system for around $240. When I turned it on, it blew ice cold air. I checked to see if the clutch on the compressor had engaged, and it had. It then disengaged and never engaged again after a few minutes of driving. After some investigation I came to the tentative conclusion that my compressor clutch's electromagnet has weakened over it's 18 year, 200,000 mile, lifespan. I will be able to fix the system for less than $80 and won't even have to detach the compressor!
I slept in because I didn't have meetings in the morning.
Yesterday, I had only one job interview setup.  Today I have 3 interviews setup.  1 on Thursday and 2 on Friday.  I love being an RN.
i had helped my dad to plant some flowers in our garden.
I finished my daily work target and that moment made me feel happy.
MY FRIENDS ARE CAME TO MY HOME. WE ARE ENJOY TO TALK ABOUT THE MEMORIES.
Practicing with my club team in the UMass Amherst football stadium.
Today , the happies day when bayern lost and Dortmund won, pary come here 
I am looking for a job. I received TWO callbacks today, when I am lucky to get one every few weeks. Hopefully one will pan out!
I walked all the way around the park.
I told a story about something someone said to me about a guys daughter dying and she died because the guy didn't believe in god, they all went thats fucked up dude. And it made me happy they all agreed with me and related the same feelings I did and inturn understood how I felt respectively.
My 5-year-old son can somehow all of a sudden do simple math (addition and subtraction).
I earned 20 dollars in Mturk yesterday and that moment feels happy.
One thing that made me happy was having a wonderful salmon dinner prepared by my friend for me.
i got selected in mnc the best company in our city and i was selected as a administrator in that company that was very happy moment for me.
I sent my family some cute videos of my nephew that I took.
Yesterday an old man was injured with an accident at that time i have called to an ambulance and went to hospital,finally i have saved that old man's life, i felt very happy.
I came home to a cooked meal.  Normal for most husbands, but my wife normally does not cook.
I called my parents for the first time in a few weeks, and it made me happy to catch up with them.
i m very happy when i got to family tour and i see all good things in city where we go.
When I shifted my new home
I WENT TO EGGO PARK WITH MY FAMILY MEMBERS. SO, I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
Got a text from my boss about an hour ago that I will be working from home tomorrow as it is expected to rain all day.
Finding a lost belonging made me happy this past afternoon
I got nominated for a leadership position in a club that I care about. 
I enjoyed a small nap with one of my kids.
I finally got paid for a class action case I was involved in after a long delay.
I got a passing grade on my exam.
I was watching a tv show that made me laugh and relax.  It made me happy to watch my show.
The first event that made me happy today was beating my roommate in a video game by a large margin and we had a lot of fun laughing.
While i am lying on the sofa my mother tickle me i was laughing
Today, I was stuck at work, and my son came to rescue me.
I went out to a movie and I was able to get M&Ms in my popcorn for only 50 cents. 
I received a surprise gift, a Jean from my husband through Amazon. I thought it's for someone else, but when he gave it to me I was in cloud 9.
I gave my living room a very good, much needed, cleaning.
Purchasing a present for myself. I have recently bought a pair of boots that will be useful for me in every weather. I was extremely happy because I have been watching this item for awhile and now that it is on sale, I received a great deal.
Yesterday, i went to my college for getting my certificate i met all my teaching staff makes me happy.
While I`m lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me....I was laughing.
While I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me.... i was laughing.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I got admitted by a program at the top of my list.
I got together with some good friends to play board games.
Yesterday I got my first month salary and I gave it to my mother.
While I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me... i was laughing.
While I am lying on the sofa my mother tickle me I was laughing.
I got a text this afternoon from my husband saying how much he loves me.
It was a nice day out so I went on the balcony and relaxed with a good book.
While I am lying on the sofa. My mother tickle me... I was laughing.

every moment of my life is happy because i leave the life in 
present but happiest moment when achieve in life some new.
Food at work is usually not very good, but today it was above average. It was better enough that it made me feel happy.
Warriors won their basketball game 
I was able to do this survey and earn some money was a happy time for me
My oldest daughter, called to say that she is selling her house, and moving back to the town we live in. It's going to be great to have her so close to home.
I will going to bank in k.k.nagar.
While I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me... I was laughing.
I finally had a day with a few hours of no one else home.
Sex with wife.
i gifted myself a perfume as i earned a good amount
I went to a club with a bowling alley and watched my old teammates bowl while I drank a few beers.
Finding a book on Amazon that I loved as a child and have been searching for for 15 years. 
At the midday when I was watching a funny video about crazy girls on Facebook 
I exercised at today morning it made me happy.
I went out with everyone in my immediate family for my birthday.
The Cubs won today and it made me happy because they played well and won a close ball game with the bullpen looking strong at the end.
I played my favorite game with one of my favorite pro players from that game. I have known him for awhile now but never got the chance to play with him until today.
Yesterday we celebrate our office inauguration function.We welcome our inauguration function chief guest Mr.Palpandi. owner of A.J.R group of companies.my dream started on my life .we took some photos with Honourable  guest.That moment i am not forget my life.
What made me happy for the whole day was that my three year old son finally asked to go to the potty by himself without having to be told when to go.
Saw Beauty and the Beast with family members.
I woke up with my cat all snuggled up next to me. 
My husband brought home a piece of baklava for me to eat. 
I woke up today to a new Hearthstone patch update.
I completed a major website infection-removal project today.
I got an early birthday present.
Went to shopping with my friends and purchased my favourite items for low price
I woke up early in the morning and prepared things for my son's school.
I heard that the job I have been working on for seven weeks straight is ending.
One event that made me happy recently was going out to an impromptu dinner with my family. We got to spend quality time together and also shared a meal. My husband and I are busy so it was nice to relax at a restaurant with our son. We talked and laughed and enjoyed each other's company. 
I watched my neighbors' dogs and it went well, which is good to see since her dogs have a lot of energy.
AM GOING TO BIGGEST SIVAN TEMPLE VERY QUIET PLACE AND VARIETY OF ARTS AND MANY PILLARS OF ART IN LORD SIVA THAT MOMENT IS VERY HAPPY MOMENT
I PURCHASED A NEW STITCHING  MACHINE THROUGH ONLINE. IT IS VERY  SMALL & CUTE. I LIKED IT VERY MUCH. MOREOVER IT IS VERY USEFUL FOR ME. IT MAKES ME HAPPY.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was getting my meal for free at work.
I was able to have a good night's sleep.
Watched my favorite movie in television
God is great; I woke up this morning,alive and healthy, with no muscle soreness from yesterday's workout! 
Received a message yesterday saying your TV is going to delivered tomorrow at 10-11 am which makes me feel excited and eyes are looking for the delivery at the doorsteps happily and eagerly
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I paid off a $5000 bill.
Telling jokes in bed with my partner.
I WAS GOING FOR TEMPLE IN CHENNAI.
I bought a nice pizza from a good pizza chain.
Finding a book I really want to read.
I played one of my favorite video games, CS:GO.
Today was my son's birthday party, celebrating his life made me happy. 
I woke up, got ready for work, and realized that I set my alarm an hour early so I was able to go back to sleep for another hour.
MY BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION HELD ON YESTERDAY MADE ME HAPPY.BECAUSE IT WAS MY FIRST BIRTHDAY WITH MY HUSBAND.I ENJOYED AT THE CORE.
My girlfriend called me late at night. It was great to hear her voice, since I hadn't in several days.
Tosay, I was able to spend time with my elderly parents. It was nice to see them after a long time.
MY SISTER BIRTHDAY FUNCTION
We went forums in the morning its fabulous place we get everything there itself formalities to vegetables we eat ice cream to its too good
I got an alert on an app that I have that tells me when there are good deals on Amazon. I was able to get my son a video game he had been wanting for a long time.
Having an umbrella with me when it started raining
Today i proposed a girl whom i love. We are friends from 1 year. And she accepted my proposal. I am very happy that she accepted my proposal. I am feeling very happy to spend rest of my life with her.
Today I was more positive at work.
I WENT TO TEMPEL
I had a nice, long afternoon nap.
Yesterday i attended Flex printing Meeting and i was very happy to see the specifications and methods to make a good graphical printing.
I was excited to start a new job
I was able to drink a coca cola today.
I finished building a balsa wood glider.
I drove about 2 miles in rush hour traffic and didn't hit one light or stop at all.
My boyfriend & I cleaned our house.
I saw the movie Rainman with my wife and it was a great movie.
I WENT TO  TEMPLE
I went to Hospital.
i went to temple
I went to shopping.
The Chicago Cubs won their first game of the season tonight, and it was against the terrible Cardinals.
I was able to purchase a website today for an idea I've been thinking of.
My sis-in-law came to my house after a long time made me happy.
I started a new book that doesn't have a high rating, but it turns out to be one of my best read ever.
I had a hearty lunch with baby back ribs.
the happiest moment in my life
the happiest moment in my life is when
im with someone special,shes been in my life
for almost 6years.whenever im with her i felt
complete,yes it may sounds weird but it is true.
i went to temple
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I found out that my cousin had a baby girl. 
Hitting Masters rank in the online card game Eternal.
The most happiest moment i stil reckon when i came back 
from the first day of my school, i was so excited and happy 
to attend my classes and meet with new friends. when i 
return back to my home. i saw my dad were waiting for me 
with a glass of juice and that moment made me feel so 
special so i enjoyed a lot and felt the most happiest moment 
of my life.
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest 
moment in my life..
I was able to finish my property readings for the week in advance.
While I'm lying down on the sofa, my mother tickle me.... I was laughing.
I got 5% cash back on my purchases yesterday. I am happy. 
I WAS PLAYED WELL HOCKEY WITH MY FRIEND YESTERDAY. THAT MOVEMENT MAKE ME A HAPPY
I watched some hilarious youtube videos.
yesterday i send mail to my friend to help for my family financial problems and then he accepted my request to help me suddenly i am very happy
MY MOM GIFTED ME A BRAND NEW WATCH.I EXPECT THIS GIFT FROM MY MOM FOR A LONG TIME.SO I FELT VERY HAPPY.
I purchased a number of gifts for my nephew and presented them to him at his birthday party.
going to jogging in the morning with my pet
yesterday was my birthday and I received a collage of photos from my brother that is a collection of my childhood nostalgia which took me to peak of my happiness for the moment we had during the childhood. I am viewing it so many times again again until now
I marinated a nice london broil and grilled it up to a perfect medium rare.
It means when we get the desired one in our lif, that is 
the most happiest momen. the happiest movent is change to 
person to person and time to tie, as far as regarding my 
moment is concened when got admission in BA.
That my daughter went to school after being sick for 4 days.
I attended a fun art event.
I went to collage.
I AM CELEBRATE TO MY FRIEND BIRTHDAY PARTY. THAT EVENT IS VERY HAPPY MOMENT.
Watched a new show Dimension 404 that was really good.
Arriving home today from visiting friends in Tennessee. Not that I do not love them very dearly; but Greyhound bus Terminals and the Buses themselves could give Hell a run for its money. I cannot even begin to describe how uncomfortable the seats are, and that is even when not having anyone sit beside you. And the 12 hour lay over in Nashville trying to sleep on metal seats to pass the time. But worst of all was my initial bus was late which made me miss my connection to Knoxville hence why had a 12 hour layover in Nashville. Not to mention they didn't even try to make good in any fashion. Hell a food voucher so I could eat during these 12 hours would at least have been something! So Getting home probably made my week more than you could understand. So vey happy to walk through that door!!!!!!
My boss commended me on doing my job well, in front of a group of peers and supervisors.
I made $30 with Mturk today.
It was a beautiful evening to take my dog on a long deserved walk.
Yesterday night 8 pm my only four year old female child had sung the |Twinkle Twinkle little Star" English Rhymes in her baby language.  It was more sweet to hear.  I was so happy.  I understand that this is the only best music in the world. 
Going for a short hike this morning: enjoying the spring weather now that the rain has finally let up, listening to the breeze in the trees and watching my dog explore the mountains.
I watched the season finale of Legion on my computer.
When I bit into a chicken sandwich after being hungry and stuck in a traffic jam for almost an hour. 
I went on a long walk with my wife around our college campus
I went to dance class this morning.
My son got promotion yesterday
I have a start-up Sugar Free blog that felt nearly impossible to keep up during the holidays and I just got a message from a follower saying aI am so encouraged by your account, I just found out I have to go completely sugar free, and I had no idea I could still eat so many amazing foods!a.
My management declared top performers and they booked ticket through flight to attend even in Bombay for next week. this is first time in my life going to travel through flight and also tickets has been confirmed for us. this is be one the best happiest movement.
Had an absolutely productive day at work.
I sat down and petted my cat for 15 minutes, just completely loved on him.
Yesterday was my cousin's marriage.
Knowing that my girlfriend will be here  for two months writing her book and relaxing.
I live in a nuclear family with my parents and two siblings.  I am very  happy for the success of my elder brother who succeeded in getting admission in a university after several attempts.Getting admission in a public university is difficult indeed for anyone and my elder brother got the chance to get admitted at the University I am highly happy for my brotheras success as it was a turning point of life for him. If he failed to get the desired admission, the situations would have been unimaginable. My dad was too serious about the issue.
Thanks to not having to answer many questions over the phone at work today, I was able to make significant progress on an important work project.
My panic attack subsided.
i was at work and the juice wall was completely empty. I showed up and completely filled up the wall during my whole shift and I felt happy that I did such a good job at work.
my network is working with high speed after a week, now problem solved and i am happy
I finished reading a novel that had a happy ending for the protagonist - which made me feel happy.
Watching the conclusion of a mini series.
I found out my dad went on an interview and that it went well which is important because I care about my family. 
Yesterday 10:00 o clock i went to my friend maria home to speak with her. Because coming friday she will go to singapore. Yes she got job in singapore. She asked me come to home i want to speak with you, so i went to her home. We spoke lot and discuss about her singapore job and where she will stay at singapore and when she will join to her office. Suddenly she proposed me. She said you're close friend. I don't want to miss you. I love you. I'm very excited and replied i can't say anything because very excited i don't know how to react, Finally i accepted her proposal. She advised me you should come to singapore and attend the job interview, i will wait for you at singapore. So i was happy and i will do plans to singapore. Thank you.
I bumped in to my neighbor downstairs (that I have a massive crush on) as I was going out to get the mail.
in past,  me and my friends going to circus .we are all full enjoyed.that is one of the happiest moment.
I caught my co-worker checking me out. 
another payment from researcher was landing on my account
yesterday we had a potluck in our office and it was super fun.
It is my birthday today, so I had many birthday wishes.
Had time to watch a stupid show.
I SAW A ALBUM SONG THAT IS DIRECTED BY MY FRIEND AND THAT SONG GOT MANY LIKES.I AM ALSO THE FAN OF THE SONG AND SO I WAS VERY HAPPY FOR HIM.
Bought a soft brush to wash the dogs with.
I went for a long drive with my husband and listened romantic music.
I played with my new kitten.
My husband got a promotion today for his sincerity.
I was trying a new chicken recipe yesterday and it came out really well, that I had to invite my friend over to taste it.
I got the case for my new phone that i ordered two days back via Amazon. It is a beautiful case.
I am sick with the flu and today was the last day my local grocery store has my favorite expensive ice on sale. I laid down most of the day but I went there a half an hour before closing and got my expensive ice cream.
My daughter started saying a new phrase. 
In the past 24 hrs I went for snacks with my friend on a two wheelers .it was fun to go for a ride on a bike .we had a good time eating n gossiping .
Achieved a new fitness goal of mine.
I'm usually pretty miserable at work but a guest took interest in my personal life and guessed my age. He was off by 6 years which made me feel less old.
I did an $8 Mturk HIT this morning, only took 37 minutes.
Although I messed up my experimental trials due to faulty equipment, I was able to complete the biochemical procedure in the end.
I'm happy because I'm happy today for my day off, and I can go for a walk with my family. We can go to a cafe and a park. And we can buy delicious things.
I had coffee with a friend.
Yesterday i had great revenge with my enemy, that makes feel happy
Yesterday evening I went to a praise meeting and the singer sang wonderfully well and also shared inspiring thoughts  between each song. This combination made me happy.
The unhappiest moment I could never tell you. All our fights blend into each other and are in fact re-enactments of the same fight, in which we punish each other--I with words, Hugh with silence--for being each other. We never needed any more than that
Playing Minecraft on the Xbox with my daughter today made me happy.
I ate half of a hot pizza.
A film I made got into a film festival.
I played basketball with 4 of my friends.
I discovered a scratch on my car while my boyfriend and I were leaving for dinner and was very upset. I got into the car and was complaining to my boyfriend about how unhappy I was about finding the scratch. He did not say much in response but drove us to my favorite restaurant even though we had agreed to just pick up a pizza instead. When I asked why he said, "You are upset and I want to cheer you up with your favorite dinner." It made me happy that he did something so sweet to cheer me up. 
I was browsing through my local cable channels and I found out that they had the movie "Rocky 3" which I really wanted to watch.
Class ended early today 
Re-visiting a library I had regularly attended in my youth.
Yesterday i went to the church and i was very happy because before going there i was in a sad mood and after returning from the church i was in a happy mood because i have asked for sorry from god and forgive all my signs.
I had lunch with a coworker.
I watched the season premiere of Prison Break.  
I Bough healthy groceries from a farmers market
My new fan came in the mail just in time for hotter weather.
Watching a video on Facebook of a friend of mine dancing.  
My mom told me that she loved me. This make me happy.
I helped prepare dinner tonight and everyone liked it. I felt appreciated and this made me feel happy.
I went on a picnic with my friends and enjoyed a lot.
I ate some really good steak.
Listening to a podcast I love made me happy today.
One of my favorite happy moments of today was spending time with my mother at one of the famous tourist spots in my city. It was one of our first real exclusive mother and son trips.
One of my favorite memories is of fall in Tennessee when I was in early elementary school. My mother would go through "fall cleaning" in mid-October and have every window open removing screens and replacing them with storm windows. Of course I was too young to help, so she would have a UT football game on the radio to keep me entertained. I didn't understand the game, but I knew who John Ward was. 

It was a warm/chilly feeling, sitting on the couch all warm and cozy, but being interrupted by the cool breezes wafting in from every corner of the living room. These breezes would invariably bring in the smell of burning leaves from our yard or the neighbors.
I chatted with my sister over the phone.
Finishing Portal 1 for the first time today made me happy.
I finished an online course.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
I made a new friend in class today!  She was someone I saw every day, but never had a chance to talk to, but yesterday we got paired up in the same group and got to talking.
the day i got engaged with my better half.
My best friend told me I was awesome out of the blue.
I went to hospital for a full body check up and all the results were good and i am happy for that.
My club's Intramural team won the soccer championship a few hours ago at school.
I watched a movie I had been wanting to watch for a long time
The woman that I'm very fond of wrote me a message in the morning, and it made me happy for almost the entire day.
watching my favorite movie this afternoon made me feel very happy
I made a cool song on my computer
There was a large content patch for World of Warcraft recently that turned out to be a lot of fun. 
I made myself oatmeal with peanut butter and brown sugar; I enjoyed the taste, and I made it myself.
ENJOY WITH FRIENDS
I actually got a chance at love again. My ex from high school came to town and showed me a great time and we had a chance to really sit down and talk. I am in love.
talking with friends
im really happy every day im getting to work on the hit in mturk i and gettting easy money and it made me really happy
I am very happy at every movement in my family. i was born in 1993.my family is also wonderful and happy.my family is a best hard worker.
I woke up on time to make it to work early, now I can leave work early.
I took my dog on a fun walk out in the sun. 
My son Birthday. We went to temple. Celebrating birthday in my house. I was gifted cycle to him. He was very happy.
My wife and I had some really good sex this morning.
yesterday my friend birthday so i very happy to celebrate his birthday.
My daughter yesterday evening returned home after her first school trip (long trip) to Taj Mahal, Agra in India. We all chat with her for more than 3 hours in sharing her experience about the tour.
I went to a karaoke last night
DURING MY VISIT TO THE NEAR BY COFFEE SHOP I MET MY OLD FRIEND AND WE SHARED SO MANY HAPPENINGS IN OUR LIFE.
Yesterday was my birthday, I feel very happy to say thanks to god for giving this wonderful life. Parents and friends gives blessings and gifts to me.In the evening 6'o clock, in front of them, I cut the cake its a part of celebration.
My wife talked to me openly for 30 minutes today. 
My Dad got out of the hospital. He had been in there for 3 weeks.
My favorite movie came on tv.
Today I started yoga practice .
I watched the second "Wild Wild West" episode with Victor Buono as Count Manzeppi. Great trip down Memory Lane.
I cooked dinner with my wife.
I got to spend the evening with my lovely girlfriend
got a treat from hotel taj
I woke up earlier than I usually do. 
My Son told me that he made money in the Stock market.
I watched The Office with some close friends.
from Hurricane Disaster we protected our lives and as well our smart home, we feel great on that great occasion
MY HAPPY MOMENT OF THIS LIFE ,BECAUSE YESTERDAY I AM GOING TO MADURAI 
i am a supervisor of my manufacturing company.i have good quality and hard worker.i feel very satisfied to my job.so i put lot of efforts in my job.so i got promotion from my organisation.it is very happy moment in my life.
My truck was finally registered and passed the smog test after failing and then getting it repaired. 
My wife went to her mother's home.
Yesterday was my first day of a two week vacation.  It was really nice to not have to go to work.  I look forward to relaxing and getting some projects done around the house.  
Yesterday I went to a temple for prayer with my parents, and there coincidentally I met my cousins and Uncle and Aunt, and then we went together for prayer, which made me happy as we weren't expecting them at all there. And we had fun together, so I enjoyed it pretty much.
Watched a new comedy special on Netflix for a favorite comedian of mine.
All my friends give me surprise party on my birthday party occasion early morning its a happiest moment for me
i met my collage colleague after long back year
I didn't take as many pain killers today as I normally do.
I was happy when I figured out my password to mTurk.
Today, I got a new television at my home.
I GOT A NEW LAPTOP FOR MY HOME
I WENT MY BROTHER MARRIAGE
I cooked dinner without a recipe and was "just winging it" and it came out delicious.
My mum learnt how to play " Temple Run ." Whenever she scores well, she used to show her score to us. Her callowness made me happy.
I went to a burger shop and they gave surprise offers and it made me happy
I got my test back in History Class and found out that I had received an A. 
This afternoon my fiance gave me chocolate because I was having a bad day.
I was happy when my partner joked around with me to cheer me up after a long day of work.  
My Cricket Team Win the Tournament final. 
When my best friend, Courtney, arrived to work this morning to relieve me from my overnight shift. She always makes me happy. Seeing her beautiful face and hearing her laughter makes my day much brighter. 
Although it showered today, I am very happy there was no heavy rain as they predicted for today.
I made over $21 dollars today on Mturk!
I was so happy to spend the day with my husband and brother.
I was able to get to work on time despite the heavy traffic.
Yesterday, my cute son for the first time called me "mummy". I felt immense joy and I have no words to express my joy.
I submited an outdoor mission using an app for 6 euro, it has been nice yesterday morning.
I ate food
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
My wife gave birth to a baby boy and this made me happy.
I went on a romantic date with my girlfriend.
I got my package delivered with no issues.
Had a meaningful conversation with a close friend that I like a lot.
Getting to relax on the couch and watch TV. We always work or are going to school or on the go so it was nice to finally relax.
I was happy to see my patients smiling face after giving him tooth set
I was happy to see my favorite dish at lunch time.
my wife gave a big hug and kiss for me.
I found a new song I from a band I like (Celldweller) and it was really good. I cranked the volume on my headset up and it was glorious. I listened to it on repeat a good few times.
I was happy after knowing that it's end of 9 day festival Navratri and more than that, I was feeling happy as I was getting the great food to eat after long time like puri, petha, curd and sweets. I love that. Although, it was a small thing. But, still I was feeling very happy.
I had a donut burger for dinner today.
I really led my team at work well today.
I texted with an old friend.
I got free coffee this morning.
last morning i helped to aged people.i went one home and met aged peoples who has no support by their relatives.i gave sweets and money to them.it was the happiest moment
When I finally took a nap after a long day of work.
last morning i helped to aged people.i went one home and met aged peoples who has no support by their relatives.i gave sweets and money to them.it was the happiest moment
I was presenting in a group, but hadn't been able to prepare with them. They still were very inclusive of me and expressed gratitude that I was there for the presentation even though we hadn't rehearsed together.
I went to my cousin house this morning and had good lunch with chicken recipes.
I saw a man fell in toilet pit.
I had a great workout directly after finishing up a fairly easy day at my full-time job.
I had a phone conversation with my son who has been working very hard at his first job. I felt proud of him and very happy that he is doing well on his way being a good young man.
I was very happy when I was shopping and I finally found the skirt that I have been searching several stores in 2 different states for my size.
I cooked steak for dinner today and it came out perfectly.
Yesterday I had meat for supper which was very delicious. It was a joy to eat it.
my son sang a song its very pleasure to hear

yesterday evening there was heavy rain in my place. more than 5 street dogs were struggling to live. They were under the bridge. Me went their and rescued them safely. 
I did meditation in the morning , its made me so calm and happy.
I went to my favorite gym to workout with cardio machines
I had lunch at my mothers place and she made me my favorite meal.
I was able to walk 1.37 miles with little to no fatigue.
Today I was on top of all over my work and I was able to take the rest of the day off with no interruptions.
I ran 4kms faster than ever.
I have found my gold earring that got lost two months ago.
I went to a free comedy show for the second night in a row, and the acts were really funny. 
I passed my loan goal at work with 2 months to go!
I went to my see my girlfriend's orchestra concert with her parents, which was wonderful.
I saw the new trailer for "It", it got me excited to watch the movie.
Today in office due to some reasons boss was absent so all the meeting got cancelled. So i got a opportunity to leave from office early.
I got a coupon for a free Chick Fil A sandwich!
My boss gave me 1 free week of vacations, might as well go for a trip.
I spent some time alone with my partner.
when i got a job
My sister-in law came to my place after very long time.
I finished a long term role-playing game I was running.
Enjoyed watching basketball and eating pizza with my husband last night.
I made a sale on eBay.
I ate a tasty dinner.
today a have eaten a handmade cake on breakfast
I got a very important item that I ordered online
The doorbell rang and my son said who is it?
My partner came home with a surprise take out container of sushi.
Today is my son's birthday. we had talk on phone yesterday as a routine. To day I called him early in the morning to wish him Happy Birthday. I had a talk with him and my daughter-in law and a grand daughter. It was a great moment of happiness.
I have a great idea for an app that I want to create.
I spent the day traveling for my job and had good seats on the plane.
I made a wonderful kale salad, that made too many servings, and I called and offered a bowl of it to my neighbor, and he was really happy to have it.
I moved into a new house and got to watch my daughter check out her new room for the first time.  She was so excited that she ran and jumped on the bed.
One thing that made me happy was having chocolate ice cream.
My little one, who is now 8 months, said his first word "mumma". So incredible and beautiful it sounds.
The doctor told me my cholesterol was down
I stuck to my diet and only ate one bag of M&M's. 
My friend came over who I hadn't seen in a long time, and we sat around and chatted.
I had a phone call with a friend. 
I kissed my cat on the mouth and she stared at me in the eyes while it happened.
My midterm exam got cancelled.
I talked about gardening and ordering seeds with my elderly mother.
I am happy I sold my sleeping bag I had for sale for many months now.
went to meet my previous office colleagues
I was able to bbq outside because the weather was nice and that made me happy.
We took my daughter to a doctor and god good news on an issue we'd been dealing with
I completed a 2 mile run with an average pace of 9min/mile even. Last January, I was running 13 min/mi!
Walked my dog for a long time for the nice weather
A redheaded/blue eyed ba towards the Dexter area (actually) past offered to deep throat....Big Dad.
I was happy that it was a nice day after work
I was able to finish a book I had been reading. 
I watched Smackdown after Wrestlemania and it was mildly enjoyable.
My daughter took her first steps.
My kid won first prize in yoga competition held in her school today.
I made $20 on mturk yesterday.
Yesterday my son gave me some cash from his first salary. I can't put my happiness into words .
Last night I got to cook for me and my girlfriend. It made me happy to cook for her after she had a long day at work and the snuggle time afterwards was fantastics for both of us. It makes me incredibly happy getting to spend time with her like that. 
I made plans to watch a movie with a friend.
I heard my boyfriend's cat meow on the phone. 
I finished a project at work.
I played table tennis in office after along time
I got a new bed.
A training run in which everything felt good, really enjoyed the feel of my new shoes and I set a few personal bests.
YESTERDAY  I WENT TO MY HOMETOWN WITH MY FAMILY MEMBERS AND MY RELATIVES WERE COME TO MY HOMETOWN. I FEEL HAPPY FOR THAT MOMENT
Enjoying springtime weather by being able to go outdoors and participate in sports made me happy.
I woke up this morning to the sound of rain.
My friend got good project in my company
I was able to get rid of the headache I had this morning, thanks to modern medicine!
My fiance made me breakfast in bed.
Found some time to clean the car and now it feels like a brand new one.
Found out I am going to Sedona for a mini-vacation at the beginning of June
My dog graduated from training
Earlier, I got some flowers from my mom who lives in another state. It was literally was just a random gift. My mom knows just how to make me smile when I am down. 
I called and talked to my dad.
Today, I completed my  training on the new software and I am happy.
My dog interacted well with another dog we encountered on her walk.
I went to a room on my college campus to take a nap and someone was playing the piano and it was very peaceful.
I finally got my car note where i need it to be
When I go home from the dentist after getting my wisdom teeth pulled.
Found out my wife is leaving for the weekend and my friends are coming over.
Went out to dinner with my sister and her family to celebrate my niece's birthday.
My daughter smiled for the first time.
My kids are getting good grades this semester 
Purchased a new scooter for travelling purpose.
I planned a goodbye gathering for a friend who is moving to California.
I was able to go and see my 93 year old mother and bring her groceries that she need and while there got a much needed hug from her.
The lady sitting next to me on the e-discovery project I was working did not believe I was 36 years old, thinking I wa much younger, and I'm actually 38. 
I woke up this morning and realized that both of my children has slept through the night, so we will be energized and happy today.
I bought myself new shoes.
I found out a woman I used to work with who was very condescending and pompous lost her house after her husband was caught embezzling money.
Last night, I brought my son to the store to pick out a wallet.  He just turned nine and wanted one, so I took him.  It made me happy to be able to provide this for him.
I found a dollar in my pocket and used it to buy candy.
I had a nice phone call with my elderly aunt, who has moved to Florida, and enjoyed catching up on family news. 
It was my sister's birthday and I got her a cake and a card.  I was able to order her birthday present as well.  I didn't have a lot of money but I was able to save some so I could do this.  It wasn't much but it made me happy to be celebrating this with her.
Watching Persona 5.
Playing with my cats and dog made me happy.
Had a problem with a house we are purchasing and it was fixed. 
I went to a very stunning and beautiful city called Chefchaouen
Made a batch of brownies for dessert last night.
My kid telling me I'm a silly goose.
In the last 24 hours the happiest thing that happened to me is when my wife came home from work. Yesterday was my day off from my job and I waited all day for her to come home, and it made me as happy as I had been all day. 
Last I night i saw the return of Prison Break, one my favorite shows. 
Joe and I went out to dinner last night at a local bar/grill because he wanted to give me a break from cooking.   We eat had a couple of drinks and controlled the jukebox with old school trucking songs.    
My son was sick but got better and is able to go back to school.
I was able to spend time with my wife and her bosses over dinner
I didn't have to stay late at work yesterday
Go to eat sushi with my friends
Yesterday was a beautiful day and I was able to take the dog for a walk.
It made me happy to go for a walk with my partner yesterday evening.
I went to the grocery store and helped an old lady with carrying some of her groceries to her car when she was leaving. 
I finished doing my taxes.
Yesterday, our little town was the site of filming for a hollywood movie and I got to watch Robert Redford and Sissy Spacek while they were shooting.
Getting my primary car fixed from hail damage that it received from a storm last month.
The weather was beautiful yesterday, I had all the windows in the house open.
Yesterday I went to the dermatologist and had my skin checked and also, for the very first time got a small amount of Botox which made me feel really happy and excited that I did something for myself to make me feel more youthful!
We were told that we'll be getting out wedding pictures this week.
Yesterday I took 3 new gyms in pokemon go and it was satisfying.
I bought myself a gaming mouse, and it felt extremely comfortable compared to the one I had previously.
My new husband and I stayed in a 5-star hotel near home for a mini-honeymoon!
I was able to prepare dinner for my wife and have it ready when she got home.
I was happy that I had sonic for dinner. Its my favorite fast food restaurant. 
I started making decorations for my friend's bridal shower.
I played 18 holes of golf with my good friends.


I was happy to learn my sister in law gave birth to a healthy baby boy yesterday.
I went for a walk and it was really nice out. 
I got approved for a credit card. 
Getting to go out side to watch my son play with bubbles.
I was finally able to get some cleaning done today.
I got to speak to my wife on the phone who I hadn't seen for a while due to circumstances beyond our control.
I played Mario World game with my son on the Wii.
When I returned home from work, my two dogs greeted me at the front door of the house with their excited fuzzy faces and wagging tails.
I got a chance to go to the gym twice due to my work load being less than usual.
I was surprised that a task at work was completed a full day ahead of schedule, and it made my life much easier / more relaxed for the rest of the day.
I spent an hour on the phone with my new partner and it made me feel better about my day.
I had totally thought the rest of the bacon in the fridge had gone bad and resigned to using only chorizo in the breakfast hash I was going to make, but it turned out that we caught it just in time and I was able to use the last of the bacon, happy that it both didn't go to waste and was able to be used to make the food better.
I watched Moana with my sister and it was a nice evening.
I noticed I am turning a profit flipping things online
When I got off of work, I picked up drinks and a snack from Sonic for my wife, and we went on an hour long car ride together.

My coworker showed up to work.  He has been absent for awhile due to illness.
I went back to my old neighborhood and was able to reminisce about past happenings.


Drinking a delicious coffee from Dunkin' Donuts.
I got free lunch. 
I took my dog disc golfing with me last night. 
Watching TV with my girlfriend last night.
I was riding my bike and looking on the ground and I found a $5.00 bill. There is a thrill to find money on the ground.
I was successful last night at a gaming tournament in which i ranked 2nd.
I had been out in the park, I was happy to see the tiny flower buds in the trees ready to welcome the spring season.
Today we went to see our newly constructed house. The contractor who is very stingy,was charging heavily for the construction.His estimate was very high.So we decided to change the contractor.But today to our surprise he gave us a very reasonable estimate which made us so very happy !
I ordered a couple of things that I wanted off Amazon. 
I got a raise at work.
I completed two major tasks at the local DMV office without having to wait in a line of any kind.
There was a thunderstorm going on outside and I really love thunderstorms.
I went to tour with my friends in kerala. Kerala is a very cooling city. We are going to boating,cycling its very happiest and enjoyed the ride. Finally we are went to zoo seeing more animals,beautiful flowers,birds and etc.. we are enjoyed and very 
happy.
I was really happy because my big sister visited us. 
well good in my life work and Tell me about a special contribution you have made to your employer. ..... stress of being yelled at and gave him what he wanted, so I'm happy.in my liffe in happy in my lif ewell good work in gem well good  werk in well in my life happy in india in tamilnadu  in my life but 
work in good 
When i woke my son up this morning he had the craziest hair. I told him it was crazy so he ran to a mirror and then turned around with a look of shock. He is only four.
when my son is playing alone in the room.
My husband brought home a pizza for supper last night.
Had dinner with my girlfriend.
We took in one of our favorite dogs for pet sitting.
I was happy when my husband and I made plans to go to upstate NY at the end of the month.
A new friend I made chose me over an old friend of mine who is also her current (abusive) boyfriend. I'm really happy to have helped her out of that situation.
I watched my first baseball game of the new season.
Getting to do these hits so regularly because it helps me focus on good things even though I'm going through some tough times right now
On checking my monthly bills and expenditures I found myself doing well and actually in line with my plans.
I had been fighting eBay for a disputed transaction for several weeks, it was a lot of work because the seller had sent an empty box, so a tracking number existed in eBay's system, making the scam hard to fight. But when I found out I won this morning, I was thrilled.

My mom calling me just to say hi made me happy.
I served a nice home cooked dinner to nine people ranging in ages from 5 to 65.
My 7 month child did not cry once when sleeping through the night, which is rare.
I found my favorite movie on TV and was able to watch it with a good friend of mine.
At my daughter's dentist appointment yesterday afternoon, we got the good news from the dentist that she's still cavity-free.
My fiance forgot to put the trash out, so I got dressed to do it myself. As soon as I finished, he drove back by because he'd remembered and came all the way back home to do it for me. He honked his horn as he drove by and it made me so happy. 
I discovered I had gotten a raise yesterday and didn't even know it!
I gave one of our sick cats an appetite stimulant pill and it almost immediately helped her regain some strength and starting acting a bit more normal.
I went to the gym last night, which always makes me feel better.
My daughter said "mama" with a huge smile and gave me a big hug.
It made me happy to do my morning reflection for Lent.
Made a decent project presentation
I tried a new recipe with fried rosemary and it was delicious.
We were able to figure out why my cat was crying and hissing at the other cat who he normally loved. It was his collar that was bothering him. When we took the collar off his entire attitude changed back to normal. He was happy and lovable the rest of the night and this made me very happy.
I stopped at Duncan Donuts and got my favorite coffee and donut for the morning commute.
I was asked to be a photographer for a pinup/music show.
I went for an early morning walk
My husband was very late coming home from work due to his truck breaking down, but I was very happy to see him finally come through the door. 
A couple weeks ago I was struggling to bench 135 pounds for more than 4 reps, but today I was able to do that weight unassisted for 10 reps. 
Sometimes in life, some events happen that becomes an unforgettable memory and which teaches such a lesson that becomes one of the basic guideline in the life. Yesterday my life last event that I experienced which taught me a valuable lesson happened when I feel so happy.
I got a 10-minute nap before picking up my daughter at preschool. Not as much as I needed but it was enough to keep me from falling asleep at the wheel.
Woke up super refreshed because I got a full 8 hours of sleep after so long.
We were able to return a big purchase we recently made that we didn't really want after thinking about it.
My  sister called me and we talked.
I got lots of work done on my house in order to sell it.
Yesterday I had the chance to take a nap. It is so wonderful to be able to take one. The opportunity does not happen often enough.
I have found a pack of my favorite crackers this morning.
My company hosted a work event for the monthly birthdays and I enjoyed stepping away from my desk and interacting with others.
I met my daily Mturk goal for the first time in a few days.
My teenage son invited me to come watch his tennis match at high school.
My daughter and I played board games last night.
Last night having a nice dinner with friends
I worked five days in a row. I was tired as fuck. My boss called and said i was off the next day. I slept in and hung out with my friend. I woke up the next day and felt super relaxed.
I was happy to see how well my son did on first base in his game last night.
My son asked me for help with his homework and said I explained it much better than the teacher - and now he really understood it!
We were joking around on the forum about Chris's eating habits and it was super chill and fun.
I went to lunch for my birthday yesterday with my wife and got half off of our meal!
I attended my friend's birthday with my husband. Had a nice time.
My boss gave me some positive feedback at work yesterday.
I ran 11 miles outside along a river while listening to a really good podcast.
Yesterday, I was able to finish my sudoku in a relatively quick time.
Went to the library to get out a couple books I'd had on hold
My favorite ice cream was on discount.
I was happy when I was praying to God about a specific situation in my life.
We got pizza from my favorite pizza shop for dinner last night, and I did not have to cook dinner!
Almost all of the lights on my commute turned green in a way that allowed me to cruise along at 30 MPH through areas that are normally congested.
I went to shopping to purchase vegetables and there i brought mangoes which is very tasty and with less price. i am happy with that fruit i got
I fed the birds that come to my apartment complex at around noon, for the third day in a row - it almost seemed like they were expecting me to!
I went shopping and got most of the things I need for Easter baskets. 
We got our voice mail working yesterday.
Made good progress on a major work project
I woke up this morning feeling well enough to go to work, after having had a cold for the last few days.
I went back on the Keto diet, and I've had no issues with feeling "keto flu."
made love to my wife
On the way home from work yesterday, the train conductor did not collect my ticket. Getting this free ride enabled me to save the money for the next day's commute.
My two year old son, who has always co-slept, slept in his own bed for the first time last night.
I got an email that I am still in consideration for a job I really want.
I made a long pun with the names of the in law family members and made the whole family crack up laughing for a solid minute. 
Walking with my wife and doggies around our neighborhood in the sunshine in the evening on a windy but warm day.
I went to get dinner with old friends and got to reminisce about old times.
Going to the gym and having a really good workout.
At work yesterday, our meeting had a free catered lunch from Panera, which was delicious, and free!
I attended a meeting full of men I had never met, made a valid point, and was praised.
i get reward from my company for best performance
I was playing a game with some friends and we beat this really complex and hard part of the game.
I took a big poop after taco night last night and it made me ecstatic.
An event that made me happy was spending time with my wife and relaxing at night watching our favorite shows.
When my friend called me to let me know that he proposed to his girlfriend. I am very happy for him.
I got to have some responsibility at work
Today I received a salary
Something that made me happy in the past 24 hours was getting to eat a good meal at my moms house.
My son made me feel happy when he told me he loved me.
Saw the Prison Break premiere.
I was happy because we got some much needed rain
I was driving home from work yesterday and I didn't hit any red lights, which made me get home an extra 5 minutes earlier. 
My package from Germany finally came in the mail.
Going to sleep in my old bed after being awake 24 hours traveling to my parent's house.
Got a really great, super sweaty workout done.
I was able to actually get my k/d up above 1.0 in battlefield 1 !!!  I've been trying to get it up above the 1 mark since november !!! 
I was able to leave work a few minutes early yesterday.
I hit a new PR on shoulders at the gym.
I recently purchased a nintendo switch, Playing the switch makes me very happy everytime I get to play with it. Im really enjoying the new zelda game.
Coffee is wonderful with cream and sugar
Seeing my child smile this morning.
This morning my daughter told me she loved me before she got on the bus.
I was happy when I got done with work after a harder day at work.
I finished a 9.3 mile run yesterday afternoon. The breeze coming off the river was pleasant.
My son hit a single, double, and triple in his baseball game last night!
Exercised over lunch break yesterday.
Watching my 18 month old son fall asleep in my arms while drinking his night time bottle. 
I was accepted into the lab that I want to complete my PhD work in!
There were a few prizes I scored at quizzing, I treasure the moments when I have received the Governor prize, Chief Minister prize and from one quiz a big cash prize for a 3 member team. Those moments were thrilling!
A phone call from my mom was a bright spot in my day yesterday.
I'm happy that the strong storms missed us last night.
I finally won in a 1v1 basketball game with my good friend!
I beat a game that I have been playing.
I got a coupon at work for a free lunch.
Watching the kids play outside under the trampoline.
A coworker bought us all coffee today.
Yesterday my son had a great doctor's appointment and it made me happy finding out that it doesn't look like he'll have to have a 2nd surgery on his hand. 
Yesterday my boyfriend (for a little over a month) purchased bus tickets so that he could travel from Canada to the U.S. to visit me for a week. 
I ate my lunch of sloppy joes and chips.
I read a very thoughtful Facebook post written by my brother, who doesn't usually post much.
I found $40 that I forgot about, and was incredibly happy to suddenly have an extra bunch of money.
I waited on a very sweet elderly couple at work and received a nice tip.
Yesterday when I woke up I no longer felt sick since I had had a steroid shot in my arm the day before.
Yesterday I was happy because my baby started babbling finally
A new game came out and I started playing it.
Going out with some friends for breakfast that i haven't seen in a long time made me happy.
This morning I had a bowl of kids' cereal that was blueberry toast flavored.
My mom came to take my oldest to stay the night with her so he could see his nephew tomorrow, as they are both on Spring Break.
I went for a walk outside.
My child finally gotten over her cold.
I wrote a poem I was really proud of.
I moved into my new house and now I am living in a good area where no one bothers me and I have my own backyard, and garage
A friend made me laugh when autocorrect accidentally changed his text, but the funny part was that the text still make some sense. 
My wife made me my favorite dinner, Steak, veg, and soup. 
I fixed my car, and it was cheaper than I anticipated.
I saw a video of a puppy that I really wanted.
My husband had a good first day at his new job.
Going for a drive with the windows all open and enjoying the warm Spring air.
The house was cool enough last night that I got to sleep under covers for the first time in a few weeks.
I bought the g-force powermoves trainer that I have wanted for over a year.
Yesterday my boss told me I did a great job preparing documents for our internal auditors. 
knowing that ill be traveling to china soon made me happy.
My daughter made me a cake and that made me happy.
I started training a disabled climber for an adaptive climbing competition
Snuggling my significant other. She can be a bit distant so I don't always get my bedtime snuggles.
My son telling me "bless you" for the first time after I sneezed made me very happy.  He is only 2 and has never said it before. 
My wife helped out with the kids yesterday and allowed me to get ready for an appointment.
I called a friend last night and we talked about the good old times in high school.
My husband and I got a new roof put on that our insurance paid for.
Yesterday night we went to get free ice cream at ben and jerrys. It was wonderful.
I was able to go on a 3 mile walk before work and finish before it started raining.
I finished my lunchtime run and sank into my office chair. I was happy because my body felt great.
I went for a long walk with my dogs around the neighborhood.
I got a hard answer at trivia.
I was happy to go to dance class last night. 
I went to Dick's Sporting Goods and got a bike. 
My wife and I had some alone time away from the kids and got to bond. It was very nice.
My girlfriend texting me while at work. It was nice to see them when I had downtime and got off work
When I got home from work I saw that my husband had folded and put away all of our clean laundry. 
I met my brother, sister-in-law and niece and nephew (twins) for dinner last night, giving me the opportunity to visit with them for the first time in more than 3 weeks.
I have not had anything happen to me in the hours 
My family and I saw South Carolina for the first time while driving home from Florida. 
I received a bonus at work
I passed an exam for work that I studied for so long on and took twice before 
I love working in flower beds and seeing the spring growth.  It is a time of renewal.  I did this yesterday evening for about 2 hours.
I woke up a couple of hours before everyone else in the house and got enjoy some lovely alone time.
My mother called and we had a heartwarming conversation.
I like to listen to the rain that is currently falling.
Going swimming with my Niece, and Nephews
My wife made us a pot of coffee on the way to work so it would be ready for me.
i went to bar to day and drink costly whisky
I don't have to work over time until the 18th so that makes me super happy.
I finally fixed a major problem at work
I am happy because today is the first of two days off.
Meeting an old friend.. it was great.. that we are still same
The pas 24hours the thing made me happy is when I ride my Big bike. Why because every time I ride my bike I feel the freedom that car cant give me .
I checked Premier League scores and found that the Mancs dropped points at home to Everton.
My significant other texted me a long paragraph in the morning telling me how much he loved me.
I came home from work to tortellini and cranberry juice on my desk prepared for me by my fiancee.
My daughter surprised me with my favorite candy bar.
Having a delicious breakfast I made: egg white omelette with peppers, tomatoes and cheese
This sunday I spent the whole day with my kids at the park
I made bacon for breakfast.
My boyfriend complemented me on the dinner I made last night. He ate it so fast and he ate a lot of it. It made me feel happy because I knew I made him happy.
I am moving in less than 2 weeks. I have been bugging my daughter to pack up her room for weeks. I helped her last night and we finally got it done. I was so happy to have that off my list.
My boyfriend came over with flowers for me.
I started a new weight loss program 3 weeks ago and, during my weight in yesterday morning I found out that I lost 4 pounds in the last week.
My son told me he is coming home for a visit next week.
my cat snuggle me awake this morning. Always nice to be awoken by cute cat.
I woke up in the morning to my amazing girlfriend making me breakfast.
In the last 24 hours my child told me he loved me and that I was beautiful. It made me feel so warm and happy inside. 
I got a job offer for a job I wanted. 
i received a bonus from my compANY
My son woke up to go to school on time.
I ended up placing top 10 in a very serious race. It made me ecstatic 
I was able to hit over $25 on mTurk yesterday for the first time!
There is a duck at the lake who has been sitting on a nest for nearly a month, but yesterday she was completely off her nest and I couldn't find her anywhere. She's usually very close-by. I touched her eggs and they were still warm. A couple of hours later, I came back and mama duck was sitting snugly on her nest. She seemed relaxed and happy. I was happy, too, as her ducklings are going to hatch any day now.
I helped my daughter get her suitcase ready to travel for her last orchestra competition. 
I had a nice pizza dinner with my kids. 
I downloaded Halo Online on my PC. I played a few games and it made me happy to play my favorite game on my computer.
My son was released from Physical Therapy. We just need to to check back in in 6 months.
I spent my lunch break looking for a ring for my girlfriend. It also made me day dream about future events. (wedding, buying a house, kids) 
I found an apartment I wanted.
I found new storage containers for my porch at a good price.
I got out of work yesterday, after working 21 hours in a 2 day stretch. 
I helped my brother move some stuff to his apartment.
I took a nice hot shower.
I enjoy baking & made muffins this morning for my family. 
I hit a personal record in my back squat after having stalled for the last couple of weeks.
That even though it was a slow day on MTurk, I managed to make a decent amount of money.
I finished projects around the house
After a long day of work, my wife and I went out for a long walk along the Yellowstone river with our dog.
My son, who is 7 months of age, just started to learn how to crawl. He was on the floor playing with his toys and saw my iPhone on the floor. He made a huge smile and bolted for it. When he finally made it to iPhone he had the biggest smile and a look of accomplishment. 
I got to see a friend that I have not seen in a very long time, it was just like old times. 

A friend of mine agreed to go to a Mets game with me!
I watched the Detroit Tigers opening ballgame and they won!
Lunch visit with my mother made me happy.
I felt happy I saw that my dad won a big research award.
I listened to a new album I really like yesterday evening. 
Got holiday from job and spend quality of time with family
When I had set a business goal and achieved just in time.
I talked to my dad.
My girlfriend and I were planning our wedding.
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.[3] Since the turn of the millennium, the human flourishing approach, advanced particularly by Amartya Sen has attracted increasing interest in psychological, especially prominent in the work of Martin Seligman, Ed Diener and Ruut Veenhoven, and international development and medical research in the work of Paul Anand.
I sold something on eBay.
I ate some burritos
I ate a grilled salmon caesar salad at dinner tonight that made me very happy.
I found out my credit score was much higher than I thought.
A friend of mine stopped by my place and we talked for awhile.
I had a family dinner at my favorite restaurant. 
I ate some yummy pizza for lunch
I was happy to be done with work.
I made Renee laugh when I texted her a funny joke.
The store had a lot of the items I was buying on sale.
I found a baby bunny hiding on the side our barn.
I learned how to study using silhouettes for art.
Slept relaxed at night which is rare for quite a while now.
My cousin's marriage is fixed. 
Me and my child enjoyed going to a park nearby.
when i accomplished all my assigned work effectively.
I took my son to the park after work, love to see him smile.
My son got first prize in declamation contest. It was tough competition involving 25 students who were representing their schools.
I washed most of my dishes so the kitchen was cleaner.
I took my dog out for a walk.
My mom cooked dinner for us all and it was delicious.
I made a really good vegetable stir fry that my grandparents praised quite a bit.
I talked to my son.
My wife came to get me at 6 AM and took my hand and led me to the bedroom.
My friend and I shared a joke with each other.
I got a compliment today at work.
I finally got to play my new Nintendo Switch 
I was able to leave work early and beat the traffic. 
Mom brought me lunch home and got me coke, which she didn't forgot me home.
I got bonus compensation on previous work I had done.
While leaving work today,  I ran into an old friend whom I'd not seen in years.
My wife prepared my favorite dish yesterday.
I am happy because the Indians and the Cavaliers both won today.  
It was raining pretty hard and I was sitting in car
The Society was founded[3][4] in August 1998 in Irving, Texas, by Pamela Gail Johnson.[5] In December 1998, it gained international reception, when it challenged advice columnist Ann Landers for discouraging people from writing happy holiday newsletters enclosed with their holiday cards.[6][7][8] In a letter to Landers, Johnson demanded an apology ato the millions of people you made feel bad for wanting to share their happy news.a The Societyas campaign persuaded Landers to change her advice on holiday letters `` one of the rare occasions the columnist had a change of heart. Within the next few years the Society grew bigger being supported by thousands of fans from more than 34 countries.
I went to lunch with 2 of my co workers. 
I thought I had a squirrel infestation in the attic, but I learned that I actually don't.
I had a good slice of pizza from whole foods.
I found out a student is interested in car magazines and was able to give him a copy of one.
I cooked a delicious and intricate meal.
I WENT TO TEMPLE WITH MY FAMILY AND CELEBRATE THE FUNCTION . IT IS A WONDERFUL MOMENT IN MY LIFE. 
I drank some Arizona mango tea juice, which was one of my favorite drinks back when i was a child, but it never really occurred to me to drink one again, until today. 
went i went to church with my pastier.
I was playing Pokemon Go and I finally found a Pokemon I've been looking for forever 
I completed an important task for my boss.
Getting a bonus for work I did on Amazon today
I got my car fixed and it is running very smoothly
yesterday i got surprise gift from USA by my friend he surprise me directly he sent gift from my house after see that gift i feel enjoy a lot that day.
i met my school friend in shopping mall,where they sharing our feeling and feeling very happy.
YESTERDAY I BOUGHT A NEW APPLE PHONE. THAT TIME I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
I won $10 on a lottery ticket.
Someone apologized to me for starting an argument with me the previous day.
I tried a new pizza place and it was great.
shinsuke nakamura debuted on wwe smackdown
Tax season is close to over and the amount of tasks/assignments at work are becoming less and less.
I finally found the time to do the laundry!
I got the apartment I had been wanting.
When i am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care."
yesterday,i went to cinema and hotel was my happiest moment.
This afternoon, I breezed through a test in my class.
I got a text message from a friend. 
I ate dunkin donuts and it was awesome
The day with my parents
I had a good evening just drinking a few beers, watching TV, and joking around with my roommate way more than a typical weeknight.
I worked out to a really fun dance routine.
I ate a nice piece of cheese with dinner.
There was some fried chicken in the fridge when I got home, and it made for a delicious lunch.
My mechanic told me that the check engine light was caused by my gas cap being too loose and I didn't need any repairs
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE CINEMA WITH MY FAMILY. THAT MOMENT UNFORGETTABLE MOMENT.
My best friend surprised me by bringing me food for lunch.
my friends getting to go to my own town my parents send off with cute smile and say " Have a nice day and take care"
The happiest moment was one day before i went to shopping buying lot of cloths...
I got online to check my email and I found out I had won a raffle that I entered and end up winning a $25 gift card.
My Friend told me a good Joke.
Someone brought bagels into the office. 
Watched bunny videos with my girlfriend as we talked about getting a new bunny for our apartment!
My one year old son started singing.
Yesterday night there was a birthday party of my friend, we enjoyed it much.
i got to eat a very delicious lunch at one of my favorite restaurants today.
I got an unexpected present today.
I went for a run.
My wife bought me a pair of shorts that I've been wanting to get.
I watched the birds down by the river.
Read some of a really good book. I'm anxious to get back to it and read some more. I got really absorbed in the story. 
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

I ordered a cup of coffee this morning. The cashier gave me an extra cookie.
There was little traffic on my commute to work today. 
I had enough money to fill my cars gas all the way.
I got a blowjob from this girl at work in the parking lot.
I got a good discount on some beverages.
Last Night i went for a long drive in a car along with my family.After a long time i had fun with my family.
I went to an atm and withdrew 300 dollars making my wallet fat which made me feel rich.
My sister got a girl baby and that made me happy
Within the last 24-hours while conducting my internship, I was asked by my supervisor if I would consider being a paid internship, and of course I said, "Yes."
I was happy when i played with the cats
My boss recognized my hard work.
I ran 4 miles.
A new addition of a video game that I like was announced today. I have been waiting for this announcement for about two months.
My 2 year old grand daughter climbed up on my lap while we watched Mrs. Doubtfire and fell asleep on my lap.
I got takeout from one of my favorite restaurants.
I finally went to the free weight side of the gym I visit, and used the free weights there. I performed well and had good form.
I cooked and ate a big breakfast at home, because I didn't need to go to work early.
Taking my dogs on a walk and letting the play in the creek.
i had given food for a beggar in a street.
Morning I wake up early and exercised that moment made me happy.
WE ARE GOING TO TEMPLES. AND SHOPPING THE MANY THINGS FOR SAME FOR ALL
Completing my madden ultimate team
Party at Signal Indunal Park when Dortmund won  and hope them will win monaco on next week
I grilled out with my family last night and saved the bones for my dog. I gave her one today, and she really enjoyed it!
Made my favorite breakfast.
I made people laugh being casual not trying to make anyone laugh and someone who makes jokes for cheap laughs.
While on a conference call with my team, one of my coworkers made a very funny (and slightly off-color) joke.
Today I am planning to go for a movie and that moment feels happy.
Another thing that made me happy was getting a free cinnamon crunch bagel from Panera's today.
i went to an organisation there was a kids who lost their parents for that people i helped them in such a manner.that was happy for me
I played a multiplayer video game and won a few rounds.
Today is my birthday,my dad was sent a gift for me that is i-phone,that was my favourite brand that made me very happy.
My wife has additional job interviews this week.  I am so relieved, I'm tired of supporting the family with a single income.
I finished a presentation that was making me stressed.
Where we stay in hotel its managing staff very supportive nature because we see more than 5 room to book a room with mutual understanding of my family but staff nothing argue with us for our nature its very happy moment for me that we can book room with our choice.
when my AC is shifted my new home
YESTERDAY, WE ARE TRAVELING IN TRAIN THAT'S MY HAPPIEST MOMENT. 
When I got home from running some errands today I saw my daughter diligently studying for the ACT test she is taking this weekend.
Eating a food that I enjoy made me happy this morning
My friend brought me cookies that I'm not allergic to. 
I accomplished a lot at work today.
I went with a friend to lease a new car, and it was pretty fun helping him pick one out.
I woke up early today.
When I enjoyed a nice day with beautiful weather.  
During dinner today, one of my brothers said that I looked like I had lost weight.
When i am getting ready to go to my office my parents send off with cute smile and say have a nice day and take care
Today at work I completed an application for a grant for playground equipment, and I found out we were approved for it.
I received an old family photo in the mail as a gift. 
When I gave dinner to my son, he said "wow, yummy mom. You are cooking very nicely mumma thank you."
Before my partner left for work, we laughed hard and was very playful.
Drinking a glass of my favorite wine made me very happy last night. It was a splendid time with my hubby, as we watched a great movie by one of our favorite actors. It was very relaxing and extremely fulfilling.
I went hotel with my brother first time that time i met my cousin and ate lot.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
I WENT TO SHOPPING 
I attended the baby shower for a friend's baby daughter
My daughter did all of her homework by herself without me asking.
Yesterday I brought a new mobile, and camera in my own money. That make me very happy.
When i m getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and take care"
When I am getting ready to go to my office my parents send off with cute smile and say Have a nice day and Take care"
I got to talk to my daughter who lives far away today, it was nice to get to see how she's doing this week.
I watched one of my favorite shows.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care"
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest 
moment in my life
When i got home from work, my pup greeted me with unconditional love
Celebrated a friends birthday 
I enjoyed sitting in the house watching all the birds at our bird feeders while we had heavy april showers
Today I got a clean bill of health from my last physical.
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day Take care".
I found a $3.00 hit on MTurk today.
Sex with office colleague
my brother bought a new watch which is my favourite
I cleaned up some old rusty equipment by soaking them in vinegar and found out it works very well.
Receiving news that my ex-boss is getting married in Italy next year and I'm invited.
In the afternoon when I was talking about a new course about costumer experience  that I going to take on friday
I watched one inspirational video, that made me happy.
I have found out a way to defeat craps tables using my system of statistical compression
I saw my son cuddle with his mom and it made me happy because it was cute to see how much he loves her.
I watched the Assassins Creed movie for the first time. I really enjoyed it because I was expecting way worse I think due to the reviews.
I achieved my goal in my career.Really i thanks to my parents and god.My parents encourage achieved my goals and i am also prepare my self.practice make perfect quote really feel when achieved my goals. I feel very happy. 
My son's mother and my pseudo-daughter came over and played for a while which was wonderful to watch.
Went to the barber shop for a haircut.
I made a granola cereal for breakfast with cut up bananas and a pinch of sugar on top and had time to sit down and eat it with my husband. 
My son is sick so he finally laid down and took a nap, and when he woke up he felt better. 
I fell asleep on the grand finals of the DAC 2017 tournament but learned that OG lost very handily. 
My father and I had lunch together at 'In and Out Burger.'
I talked to my parents on the phone.
BEFORE 2 DAYS I  AM SO HAPPY MOMENT, BECAUSE I HAVE BEEN GOING FOR  TEMPLE. IN CHENNAI
Went to movie with my family it was fun
I studied well and able to complete few chapters.
I scheduled a Skype with my girlfriend for this weekend.
I enjoy talking with a friend at work. We took a break to get some hot chocolate. We like chatting with each other and we vent about work at times. Overall we had a pretty good conversation today where she shared some good news with me. 
I added more pieces to a music piece I am working on and it made me feel good to see it progressing. 
I AM GOING TO CINEMA IN MOVIE FROM BAIRAVA WITH MY FRIENDS VERY ENJOYING AND HAPPINESS
I HUSBAND PROMISED ME  TO GO A TOUR IN THIS VACATION. WHICH MAKES ME HAPPY.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was getting my paycheck.
I was able to have a delicious lunch.
I had a great sleep in the afternoon and it was without any distraction so it made me to feel happy
I went to the movies to watch my childhood favorite, Beauty and the Beast, with my mom
yesterday went to my kids school to check the results of the examinations. My son's teacher called me and appreciated about my sons performance which made me feel very happy
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I got my dogs groomed.
Going to my weekly meeting and seeing friends ther.
BEFORE 2 DAY I WAS  HAD BEEN GOING FOR BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION. I LIKE THIS DURATION.
I was able to pay my rent on time.
I been laying off the sweets, so I rewarded myself with a butterfinger.
I got pretty drunk on some wine.
I managed to tie 20 balloons by myself despite having lupus and suffering a flare. 
I did some online shopping on Jet.com and was surprisingly able to find some items to order that I'm too lazy to go pick up at a store.
THE GIFT PRESENTED BY MY HUSBAND MADE ME VERY HAPPY.NO MATTER HOW DOES THE GIFT WORTH,ITS ALL BECAUSE THE GIFT IS FULL OF HIS LOVE.
My outdoor cat Tiger showed up for the first time in a couple days today. She happily ate her food, which made me happy.
I saw my two favorite cats while visiting my hometown. It made me smile a ton.
ENJOY TO THE JOB
My son birthday party is there so we went there my son enjoyed there a lot they kept some cultural programs too its so good 
My wife got a promotion at work, a pretty big one. This is going to be good for the family.
Going to the gym and working out
Today my brother secured topped his class in final exams by securing 94%. He was very happy as his hard work paid off. I am also very happy to see the success of my brother.
I was able to get through the entire day without smoking.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I streamed a movie online.
Yesterday i joined agricultural meeting and i was very happy because i know how to help farmers in non rainy seasons.

I talked to friendly people
I was able to implement a new feature on a website for work.
I walked to a nearby campus and met my girlfriend in nice weather.
My baby daughter told me a story about a trip to the trampoline park. 
I missed class, but I enjoyed my day off. 
I had a nice dinner with pork chops and fries and it tasted great.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I went to Hindi class.
i went to movie
I went to dance class.
The cost of my medication is expected to finally go down, thanks to my doctor adjusting the dosages.
I was able to reach a goal I've been trying to hit.
I received my favourite casio watch which I have ordered by online .
My favorite clothing store is running a sale today and I went shopping there.
I chatted with a long-time friend.
i went to shopping
I WENT TO SHOPPING











I won a prize in raffle! 
My favorite Youtuber uploaded a video after not uploading a video in over 2 months.
Pets are like our family members. They are carefully fed. Pet owners always protect their pets from danger. I have a pet dog. His name is Jack. Jack is very beautiful. The body of my pet dog is covered with soft white fur. The eyes of Jack are large and dark. The dog is very active and playful.
I got to sleep in an extra hour this morning!
When I am getting ready to go to my office, my parents send off with cute smile and say "Have a nice day and Take care".
Finally i got my own cute pet puppy yesterday, so happy.
the happiest movement is change to person to person and time
to time, as far as regarding my happiest movement is
concerned when i completed my high school, it is definitely
an unforgettable movement for me all my family members was
waiting my result, it was just momentum movement,
I GONE JOLLY TRIP WITH MY COUSIN THE LAST WEEK.THAT MOVEMENT MAKE ME A HAPPY
I ate a really good sandwich.
yesterday i took a breakfast with my dad so funny moment at that time i enjoyed
YESTERDAY I WENT TO THE FESTIVAL IN MY HOME TOWN.THERE I SAW MY CHILDHOOD FRIENDS AND PLAYING WITH THEM.I ENJOYED LOT.SO MY DAY FILLED WITH FULL OF HAPPINESS
I helped a co-worker locate a missing document.
Drinking coffee
yesterday went to railway station to pick up my mother. A blind man was crossing the road and was struggling to cross. I just hold his hand and helped him to cross the road. The man was very thankful. The help that I did gave me heartful of satisfaction and happiness 
I played about an hour of an online FPS game and did very well.
That my wife got out of work early today so we could spend some time together.
The Facebook group I am managing is growing.
I went to music class.
I AM WENT TO MY GRANDMOTHER HOUSE  IN SPEND MANY HOURS THAT EVENT IS VERY MEMORABLE MOMENT 
Made weekend plans for myself with family.
every time is our happiest moment.v can't define our all 
happiest moment.
Seeing my lovely Tortoise Shell kittens Daphne and Chloe when I arrived. Their love for me makes me so happy.
I got Chik-Fil-A for lunch and it was really yummy.
I cut down dead bush trunks with the chain saw this evening.
Got news at work that a large project that we have been working on has been approved!
Today morning my father have registered the one of his house worth about half million dollar on my name due to the partition of his wealth. 
Eating a warm bowl of pho, while having a slight cold.
I ate a piece of toast with hazelnut spread on it.  It was like a mini-slice of cake.
When I met my colleagues after a long business trip and we gossiped and laughed. 
I finished the last reading assignment for my physiology class.
I took a nap
I met my very old friend and spent time with her
my favorite hero move has been released, my friends resided want to see day one 1st show as fan.but we are unable to get the ticker , it is almost full online and offline in all theaters. my friends started search to get tickets in different way i.e their friends finally we got the tickets after movie started. still we missed first seance of hero appearance in move. we enjoyed a lot entire 2.5 hours move with friends. this is one the happiest movement these days
Found something that has a lot of sentimental value  that I thought I had lost. 
Ate home made pizza.
I got an unexpected bonus from Mturk worth 4$.
Getting confirmation from my accountant regarding the company registration
we all are going for outing  
I took advantage of a "Taco Tuesday" promotion at a local Mexican restaurant that I frequent.
I had a day off from work approved.
I met a business person at my other job and he texted me after we met that it was great doing business with you and to call him for other jobs at anytime.
yesterday i spent full day with my son after long days.
This morning when I had my morning coffee on the balcony, a little sparrow landed on the railing and started chirping.  I put some of my pastry on the railing (midway between me and the sparrow) and the sparrow, after some hesitation, started eating the pastry.  
Little things like that make me happy.
Realizing the new season of a show I like was added to Netflix.
I finished a research and data project that took months to complete. 
Yesterday 13:15 i called my friend we will go to some movie now please make it plan, ask all our friends those who interested to come please join them. Yes we assembled at bus stand and went to movie, on the way i met my childhood friend Dennis, yes he was going to hospital because his father not well and feeling bad. Dennis worries lot. So we cancelled the movie plan and went to hospital and encourage dennis and his mother and helped them get medicines and giving $320 for pay hospital bills. Dennis was little happy and smiled thanked me and my friends. Me and my friends replied hey don't say thanks we're your friends, we should help you that's our duty. Don't worry. We're here for you. Dennis was happy and i'm also very happy about my friendship and friends. Thank you. 
I received a package in the mail from eBay of a trading card that I've been trying to find for a long time.
me and my friends going to pub .we are full enjoyed.
I get to stay in a hotel room by myself, not with my kids. 
i solve the puzzle from few years ago
My friends and colleagues complimented me for getting one of the delicious dishes in the potluck
My friends came over with some takeout and we watched television and hung out.
I was able to buy a street food that I hadn't seen since childhood.
MY SISTER'S DAUGHTER TALKS FOR THE FIRST TIME.SHE WAS SO LITTLE.WE WERE SURPRISED AND VERY HAPPY FOR OUR LITTLE PRINCESS.
Catching up on shows that I haven't been able to watch lately.
I had my favorite pizza and i enjoyed the taste.
I bought a new pair of shoes at the mall.
I saw an elephant with decoration went through temple.
I went for a bicycle ride after a long time and thoroughly enjoyed the weather and also the exercise I got.
I got a free Uber ride worth Rs.400 as a promotional offer.
I also bought a watermelon but when I looked at my receipt I realized I wasn't charged for it.
My dad paid for me to get some minor problems on my car fixed.
In the past 24 hrs I went to Siddhivinayak temple with my family n I was so happy to get a direct Darshan without any line .
Helping strangers at the store.
I ate an excellent home cooked meal thanks to my mother. My cooking just isn't up to par.
After doing many chores this afternoon, I ate a delicious can of longan, which is an Asian fruit.
I met a friend that I haven't seen in weeks.
I'm happy because my younger brother is coming here today. We have not seen each other for about 4 years. I miss him very much, and I will be very glad to see him.
I went and worked out at the gym.
A calm prayer to the God, makes me happy and it gives me peace.
I got the good news that my laptop was fixed and working.
Our favorite teams bring people together, keep family members close, bond people from different generations. Some of the happiest moments of my life involve something that happened with one of my teams. Some of the best relationships I ever had were with Boston athletes that I never even me
Cleaning the kitchen spotless made me happy this morning.
I talked to some relatives.
A project I co-wrote has begun a crowdfunding process.
I finished a project at work.
My coworker bought me dinner. 
I bought an 8 pack of miniature Baby Ruth candy bars and I ate several of them.
I have money left over on my student meal plan that I need to use up, so I bought a bunch of snack from the vending machine
Having lunch with my father and sister.
Yesterday i was riding on the motor cycle and an old lady asked me to help her in dropping a near by place and i dropped and i was very happy because i have helped her.
I watched my baby learn something new.
Bought my nephew a new videogame.
I finished an essay that it not due for another week
My cough started to disappear.
Today my step son came over.  We had a great visit and he asked is we could play domino which I really enjoyed.
My dog licked my face.
I went to the store today to get a bunch of groceries and found my favorite ice cream flavor so I bought it. I had some for dessert today. It was so good!
I got a gift from my wife without any reason.
I hung out with friends.
Playing my piano made me happy today.
My mother and I went to a reggae cafe where I fell absolutely in love with the whole place. The resident female guitarist sang a few songs for us. I guess I've found a new favorite food joint.
My parents used to take us out for dinner every Sunday night for dinner (and ice cream, sometimes, if it was summer). Both parents worked, so we didn't often do family meals during the week. We would talk, play games (mostly educational trivia), and enjoy each other's company.

Also, my dad would take us to the diner every Saturday morning to give my mom some "alone" time, and give us one-on-one (or two-on-one, or three-on-one, depending on my siblings schedules) time with him.
I solved a technical problem at work which bothered me for a couple of days. 
Helping my mom with groceries made me happy.
I fixed a good meal.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.
I got a good grade on my test
full enjoyment with my friends and relations.
My daughter showed such gratitude for her new Pokemon cards.
My mother made me my favorite dish for lunch and it made me happy.
Went out with friends to see the Lego Batman movie and it was hilarious. 
My husband helped me do the dishes
Learning new things using Khan Academy website made me happy in the past 24 hours.
Having Sex with my College mate made me feel very happy & refreshed.
I saw an old coworker randomly
The new Destiny 2 trailer was really funny and had the guy from Castle in it. 
I listed an item online for sale that I just received in the mail; I felt prompt for listing it.
GOING TO TEMPLE WITH MY FAMILY
The younger you were at the time, the better. I can not remember too much from my young childhood, besides the warm feeling from sitting in a basket of laundry just come from the dryer, my dad teaching me how to ride a bike, and the days my mom would pick me up from grade school and we would eat and talk at Arthur Treacher's while we were waiting for my brothers to finish school. And I can remember one vacation with my family by the seashore when I was very young, when my grandmother showed me how to dig for clams, as well as a trip to Disneyland where we stayed in a loft with a circular staircase surrounded by orange trees.
I enrolled in school today and will be taking up early childhood education. I am completely nervous but exciting about attending school at my age. A new beginning for me
going to home 
im really happy every day im getting to work on the hit in mturk i and gettting easy money and it made me really happy
I am very happy at every movement in my family. i was born in 1993.my family is also wonderful and happy.my family is a best hard worker.
I had a task at work that has been difficult in the past, today it was very easy.
My first article came out on a website I'm now writing for. 
My friend engagement. My friend name is Jeevitha. They had been arranged that event in Mall. She was look like a angel. Briedgroom was came to the Mall. The event was started. They are very happy.
I finally got my friends mower running and cleaned up.
i gave to one small gift to my father.
My younger sister bought a new Indica car this morning. I went along with her to the showroom for test drive and after test drive we both were very much satisfied with the car. So we booked it immediately. The ivory color of the car gives a grand look to it. Then we drove the car to our home just now. Still, we have to fix so many items in the car this evening.
I was given complimentary oranges with my online order
ME AND MY RELATIVES WENT TO A NEARBY WELL TO TAKE BATH IN THE MORNING AND ONE OF MY COUSIN SLIPPED FROM THE TOP WHEN TRIED TO DANCE.
Today morning i feel happy that i had met my old friend in the road near to my house, She is my school friend. Both are very excited to see each other and talking about our old memories that made me very happy.
I could complete pending works in the field. 
My wife made a great dinner. We had lasagna and it was delicious.
My dog was so excited to see me come home that he was running laps around the house.
The gardener finally came by and mowed the overgrown lawn, and now the yard looks very nice.
I had sex with my wife.
I had a relaxing day today just goofing off and watching tv
my plant tree was develop
I did two loads of laundry, and it only took me a few minutes to hang everything up.
I met my very old Friend
I ate pizza with my friends.
After mountaineering I feel great, lot of hopes framed in my mind.
YESTERDAY I WAS GOING TO  TEMPLE IN MADURAI.
i got a promotion from my organization so my father gift to my self.it is very proud monument in my life.i feel very happy to that gift.it makes lot of fun in my days.it gives good time to my self.it is very good memory in my career.
I got to see a movie that I've been wanting to watch but never got around to watching it. 
I have purchased new dresses for my daughter .
I visited one of the local gun stores yesterday and found out that they are having a really good sale for the month of April.  I made a shopping list of guns that I want to get.  I felt like a kid in a candy store!
I woke up early today and made tea for my parents, which is usually done by my mom. But today I did it for them and felt wonderful as we don't get much opportunities to do something for our parents.
Made plans to meet with a business owner for an interview and tour tomorrow.
Last night my mother gift me gold chain on my birthday occasion its happiest event for me.
went my parent's home and talked a lot. Something remember my school days.
The dinner that I made myself with makeshift parts of the food pyramid was fantastic.
I was happy when I figured out a way to still go to the Giants game despite some issues. 
Yestrday,  I met with a TV celebrity at a mall nearby my office.
MY SON SCRED IsT MARK IN HIS SCHOOL
I DROVE A CAR FOR FIRST TIME
I had the day off and was able to sleep in this morning.
I am partly recuperated from my health issue. This made me happy.
My cousin went to china and bought me a clock and bag when he came and it made me happy
I helped out a patron at my job at a local museum by answering their questions completely and thoroughly. 
This evening I played music well as a jam session.
I was happy when an old friend reached out to me to catch up on our lives.  
Bought a New Mobile
I am very happy I did not have to go home from work today. I felt sick for a little while but then felt better.
I played hide and seek with my three year old daughter.
I loved the breakfast my husband made.
I was able to pet my cats.
Today, we went out for shopping and bought a new small car for Rs. 50000/- for my son as our token of love on him.
My mom is feeling better with her cancer.
I talked with parents
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
My mother called me on the phone.
Got a free pizza
I have been looking for a costume from legend of zelda for my dog and even though it is out of our price range, I found a really nice one I want to save up for!
I was appreciated by my colleagues and staff for the presentation and class I took for them
My crush told me how she misses me!
i gifted one new pet dog for my spouse
I finished my workout at the gym and my muscles felt really tight which means I got a really good workout in.
I was feeling very happy around 15 hours ago, when I came to know that, it's a holiday in my spouse college. The important thing was, I was feeling happy because after a long 10 days all family members can sit together and enjoy the day, as well as my spouse can get some rest after a long weekend.
I played video games today.
I just go off of a 10 hour shift and now relaxing.
I watched a comedy special on Netflix.
I drove my girlfriend to work and i found 20 in my car.
afternoon i took my son to that home and gave money by his hand
When i had sex with my girl.
cut our school and played cricket with my friends. omitting the education and playing cricket is superb enjoyment
afternoon i took my son to that home and gave money by his hand
I was given some free snacks when I was hungry and wanted a treat.
I had a nice date with my friend who came from africa.
Sat on egg.
At the gym, I was able to make some plans for this weekend that I am already very much looking forward to!
I had dinner with my older sister and we finalized some weekend plans to see our younger sister and her family. So its a little immediate family reunion as we dont get to see each all of each other but once a year. 
I ran into a neighbor while on vacation 3 states away from home.
I got home safely from commuting. No traffic or anything.
I met up with a friend and shared a cup of tea with them, as we talked about issues of life, and what God has been teaching us in our lives.
I met my friend she is my neighbor also. she is a very enjoyable person. we talk for 2 hours its very funny moment

Two thief were trying to burgle in the opposite house. I found them in the wee hours and informed to police. they caught them. The people opposite to my house appreciated my help.


I had sex with my wife in the morning when my wife got ready to office. we both were  happy after had it.
I drank some of my favorite coffee this morning, arabica.
I managed to collect money for my spring trip to Montenegro.
I lifted more weight on my bicep workout then I ever had before.
I got in some good quality gaming time with my friends and had some great laughs while doing it.
I gifted my sister prime membership
I came home to find my mother has cooked my favorite dish.
I got a free, semi-private tour of the Trinity College Library. 
My workout became increasingly more effective as I am able to keep up with everyone in it now.
I had an amazing barbecue dinner at this road house in town.
I got a compliment at work for one of the projects I was working on.
Went for shopping and found huge discount on the shoes which i was chasing from a very long time to buy it.
The weather was very nice and warm and I could get outside more.
Woke up with a huge kiss and a " love you " from my wife, made me feel awesome
Laughed at how horribly out of touch a certain ad was, and found that other people thought it was just as awful. Happiness obviously didn't last long here.
when i got married
I had mangoes after an year
I watched some DBZ with a friend.
Spoke to my best friend on the phone yesterday, which was nice.
I ate my favorite type of chicken.
I finally made enough money on Amazon Mechanical Turk to buy my girlfriend a birthday present with the Amazon credit.
Yesterday i did a lot of mturk works
It was my mom's birthday
My son completed the action of giving the doll a bottle.
I was able to sell a gift card I got for free to someone on the internet.
On my job site, chimney for the boiler is to be erected Its a specialized task. and need very trained personnel to fix it. A crane was commissioned specially for this. After a lot of efforts the chimney was erected. There was a great sigh of relief. and It was a Happy moment too.    
I watched the new Agents of SHIELD episode and it was very entertaining. 
I got to explore a new city while on a business trip.
My daughter and I we photographed on Monday for a story in a local newspaper, and we appeared in the paper, well, the online edition, yesterday. We shared it with all of our family and on Facebook. 
I finished a big project I had been working on for a long time at work.  IT was very relieving.
Another thing that made me happy was taking my dog for a walk on a warm day.
My cousin is getting married this month, got the news few hours back. So happy for her.
I prepared fried rice for my son and loved it
I went for a walk outside and it was absolutely beautiful.
I did a yoga video that I hadn't done since I was pregnant, and I got through it.
I watched an episode of one of my favorite shows.
I enjoyed a good meal and some Rollo ice cream later.
The cafeteria's dinner was not bad this evening.
I had leftover spaghetti for lunch instead of a sandwich.
A parcel I was expecting from Germany arrived yesterday and today I am gonna pick it up.
Had delicious domino's pizza after so long time
I had a very productive planning meeting and it made me happy with the progress we made.
A good friend of ours came over for dinner
I was able to isolate and troubleshoot my family's network problem - from 1500 miles away - remotely, and over the phone.
Saw my aunt today after a very long time
A ba I meant online got owned by Big Dad's artful and highly skilled debating style
I am happy that I went for a run yesterday. 
I got my travel itinerary for the upcoming year for work and was very happy. 
Watching my son learn how to walk makes me happy.
Got an interview call for a prospective employer
I went out with my friends for lunch to a 5 star hotel in our city.
Prison break came back on yesterday.
Found my friend on Facebook after a very long search and I found that she is in the same city I am living in. What a beautiful and wonderful feeling.
Getting to finish my work shift made me happy since I feel like I was able to help my students and make a difference in their lives. 
I got over my cold.
I got to lie in bed after working hard all day. 
I made my favorite meal for dinner.
My colleague moved to a new house and bought sweets for everyone
I'm going to get a new car.
The feeling there's some real warmth in the sun at last as it streams in through the window, first thing in the morning
I WENT TO TEMPLE WITH ALL MY FAMILY REMEMBERS, AND WE WERE GO TO THEATRE AND SHOPPING PLACES. IT IS A HAPPY MOMENT
I met up with friends and enjoyed sitting around talking and drinking beer with them.
I remembered to eat three times yesterday, which is a small victory.
Had team lunch with my friends
I was able to enjoy a warm cup of coffee first thing in the morning, and relax a bit.
I did a great job at work and received praised for it.
Talked to my boss about getting a promotion and it sounds promising.
I got to the gym early and was able to get a pretty decent workout
Working out yesterday morning.
I got a phone call from my friend Tina and it meant the world to me. We literally talked for 30 minutes. She always finds a way to make me laugh.
I watched the Twins win their home opener.
Today, I successfully completed my project file and submitted it to my manager and I am happy.
I made amazing pork chops for dinner.
My old coworker came to visit and gave me very genuine advice.
We have a new manager starting today
When I woke up this morning in less pain than I was expecting.
I made more than 60 dollars yesterday working online!
Completed my couch to 5k session for the day.
I made my husband his favorite dinner, and he was happy
My youngest is reading at the age of 3 and is doing well
Purchased a washing machine for washing clothes.
I went to a friend's company anniversary party.
When arriving at a soccer practice, my 2 year old grand-daughter came running up to me and hugged me.
I finally received a check today for some freelance work I did in January. 
I found out that a large medical bill was a mistake and I won't owe nearly as much as I thought.
I went running in the morning.
I ordered gardening supplies for our new garden.
I taught our new puppy how to go down stairs.  He will go up the stairs but not down them, so this is a huge accomplishment.
My wife told me she loved me when she got home!
I saw on the news that Trump's approval rating has fallen to 35 percent which is a record and was pleased that many Americans have quickly seen that he is not qualified which I have felt all along.
Doing some decorating in my bedroom.  It made me happy to personalize my room a bit more now that the basic cleaning has been taken care of.
Watching Shinsuke debut live.
Talking to my friend Peggy made me happy.
I sold a tool on ebay for good money. I plan to use that money for furniture
I bought The Hunger Games Trilogy series books, that I've wanted for so long
Spent an hour watching videos on home renovations.
My wife surprising me with my favorite candy.
Yesterday I was happy because Star Wars: Rogue One was made available on Blu-Ray. I have been waiting for months for this movie to be avilable to watch at home. It was very exciting.
I was praised at work yesterday for my work ethic.
A very difficult customer at my job, one who doesn't mince words, told me that I'm her favorite and take very good care of her, and that I excel at my job.  
I have a fun meeting coming up today that I look forward too.
I was able to get a free lunch!
I talked to my dad on the phone
Go to the mall and buy two shirts
My husband made dinner.
It made me happy to enjoy a hot shower yesterday.
I took a quiz for my class and got a better than expected grade.
Work called and told me I didn't have to come in.
Was able to plan and prepare a picnic dinner for my husband and myself which turned out to be a lot of fun.  Feeling all romantic :)
Getting to take my son to a jump park where he had never been before.
When gathering the chicks I put my hand in the pen and they started just jumping right into my hand. I think they love me as much as I love them. 
My daughter had her piano and voice lessons and listening to her play piano and sing made me very happy and made me a very proud mom!
We made a successful Pinterest recipe in the crock pot.
Yesterday I got a bottle of red wine and drank it with my roommate. 
My closest friend invited me to him hangout with him, and we went to bunch of places talking about what's going on in our lives and whatnot.
I went to dinner with friends.
My family and I were able to go on a nice walk last night because the weather was perfect.
I was happy I reached my daily income goal on mturk. 
I went for a walk this morning with the dog I am watching for a few days.
I took a nice walk with my wife on a beautiful spring day.
I was happy to find my favorite k-cups, that I've always had to order online, at my local grocery store yesterday. 
The second cab I took only cost me $4.
My son wrote me a sweet feel better note.
Taking my dad out of nursing home for a ice cream and car ride.  
The Craiglist guy actually showed up to buy my crap.
Finished a repair on the roof of my building that has been leaking for several months. 
I finished a 20 mile bike ride and didn't pass out.
On my lunch break from work, I went out to my car and played some funk tunes on my car stereo.
A bunch of my tough files finally got the concurrence they needed to proceed and move forward.
I was able to spend some time with my kids before they went to bed last night, and got to talk to my daughter about her first day of track practice.
I went to dinner at my friend's house and a lot of my friends were there. 
I was able to locate my headphones that had gone missing.
I got a latte at starbucks for the first time in a long while and really enjoyed it.
I got to go on a "cafe crawl" with some people on campus.
I got to leave my normal work to go do special work with my boss.

I made a large sale that will get me a semi substantial bonus this week.
I finally got to see a girl that I like after not being able to for several weeks.
Getting qualified into a new arena in Clash Royale mobile game.
I had pizza for dinner. 
I scheduled some volunteer work for a dozen or so of my students. 
Getting a great workout in.
I purchased some vegetables for a less fortunate person who was going to use them to make a "Jigs Dinner" and share with me. I experienced a very happy moment when I gave them the vegetables and they thanked me for them. 
I enjoyed a big meal with my family yesterday.
Few of my friends visited my house in the evening and surprised me with their presence.
I always told my fruit vendor to get certain type of mangoes which is very rare. Everytime she would come up with some excuse.But today morning when she got that variety of fruit , our joy seemed no end !!
We had tacos for dinner. 
I got to open a new bank account.
My coworker shared some very amusing stories from his first trip to Las Vegas - it made me very entertained and happy!
I received more than 200 likes on a photo that I posted in a Facebook group.
The day my college friend marriage function. My college friends coming the function i am very happy.
Remaining the college memorable day. and we are celebrated the party with dance in my friend marriage.
we are very happy.
I had a great morning full with energy. 
Last night i got to sit down with my wife and two children and watch Harry Potter and the Half Blood Price. We only got half way in but my daughter who says she was going to hate it was very mad we stopped it. My son also looks so amazed at all the magic.
When we ate outside, at the restaurant. We ordered korean food.
My husband and I started remodeling our house.
Me and my girlfriend came to an agreement on an issue we had been discussing for a couple of months.
I started raking away leaves in my garden, making it really feel like Spring.
I was happy when my baby ate his entire plate of ravioli.
My girlfriend shared some really dumb videos with me.
One of my classmates brought in mini pancakes for everyone to eat.
Getting to take a midday nap
I found few good discounted deals on branded clothesline, and on actually buying new clothes made me really happy.
I found a great new chinese food restaurant local to me.
Picking up and pencil and drawing something after not having drawn in a long time made me happy.
Feeling super happy to see the way my friends were Super-Excited and Emotional while watching movie a few minutes back
I thought I was out of powdered donuts but my wife just moved it somewhere else, I ate the whole bag of what's left.
I got some good feedback again from my boss at work over how hard I have been working lately.
My mother, at age 72, is curiously interested in what my daughter and I are doing when we play Legend of Zelda, actually asking questions about things last night and paying attention, though she's never been the least bit interested in video games before.
We ordered a delicious Thai dinner, but the restaurant accidentally gave us the wrong takeout order. We went back to correct the mistake and they told us to keep the other food, too, so we got to try new dishes we wouldn't have otherwise ordered.
I got to eat breakfast at my favorite cafe and it has been a long time.
I was able to finally install a piece of equipment that had been sitting off to the side for weeks.  
My step daughter found a baby turtle, which we brought to the nearest pond.
I woke up feeling very rested and relaxed!
It made me happy to use a new tool to clean the bathtub, it was effective and easy to use and saved me at least 15 minutes of scrubbing.
Went out for lunch with new friends
I read a really interesting book about Jean-Michel Basquiat and I really enjoyed it.
My niece gave birth to a beautiful baby boy. She had been trying for years and also had a few miscarriages. I'm so happy for her.
I watched Return of the Jedi on a new Blu-Ray set of Star Wars discs that I got.
I saw my friend Liz and she helped me take a photo.
My boss praised my work yesterday.
We had chocolate chip waffles for breakfast!
I had to file a claim with my insurance company due to getting in an accident, but they were able to reimburse some of my deductible due to save driving.
Very often people donat remember their day-by-day routine, but if something unusual or extra ordinary happens. It can be memorable and remarkable for the rest of their lives. For me, such remarkable yesterday event was the light show of dancing fountains. I saw this show for the first time yesterday and feel so happy.
My kids cleaned up the living room while I was in a meeting.
Went to a class and successfully sat through a 3 hour lecture.
I found out I was getting new supplies at work that I've needed for a few months now.
Puppy which was happily playing
I reached a goal at work and received a bonus.
I've been watching a TV series for many years (the walking dead) and watched the season finale last night, it was an excellent episode. 
I helped my fiancee relax after a long 13 hour day at work.
I was able to reschedule a Dr. appointment so it happens right before another appointment in the same building. This way I can just get things done in the same day instead of having to take 2 separate days to get these appointments done.
My long forgotten relative have found me on a messenger.
I re-watched my favorite episode of a tv show that I love.
My daughter was telling me a story and her gestures were very amusing.
When feeding my neighbor's horses, I watched one of the horses act silly as if he was in a happy mood.
I watched my favorite television series on Netflix.
Purchasing a new video game and playing it in the afternoon.
I went to see a couple  movies. They were amazing. Bought a few snacks.
I was happy that my daughter went to work yesterday and I was able to have a few hours to myself.
The kids and husband were at Boy Scouts all evening and I had the house to myself to relax - I almost never am in the house alone.
The episode of gmm with Rhett and Link was really funny and cute, and it made me laugh.
I went to dinner with my wife for my birthday and got half off of our meal!
Today afternoon I went for a movie with my friends.  I enjoyed a lot. 
I had a nice dinner with a friend after work yesterday.
I went to a bar and met up with some of my close friends and played pinball for the first time in my life. 
We got some of the yard work done.
Watching my girls play Kinect sports, they had a great time
Finished reading a boring book and was glad that it was over.
I was happy that I got to see my brother for about an hour before he left to go home to Florida.
My son spent some of his own allowance to buy a book, which is not usual for him!!
My wife left me a sweet note in the refrigerator.
for the past 10 days we did not receive water facility, actually all the water which we stored  came to an end stage. At last today water came(given by our municipality) and we are happy . 
I got dinosaur chicken nuggets, mac and cheese, and broccoli for dinner. 
After being sick for over a week, I went for a 4 mile run and it felt pretty good. 
I noticed my achy feet stopped hurting when I went for long walks and have still stopped aching.
Ate a spicy dinner
I got an overwhelmingly positive response to a post I made on Reddit.
I take a walk at lunch every day, but over the past 5 or so months, I've had to wear a jacket (or at least a sweater) - until yesterday, when I got to take my walk in just a t-shirt.
watch the walking dead on tv
When I got home, my dog was chirping at the door for me to come in--this way, I know she missed me during the day and is excited that her daddy is finally home!
My sons speech therapist said she had noticed a major improvement in his verbiage lately.
I got a good performance review at work.
My wife finally won a board game after a long losing streak, I'm happy for her. 
Having our pups snuggle into me while we were all sleeping.
I had a great client call at work and was praised.
Watching the waves at sunset made me happy.
I received good news about changes to my work schedule starting next term, which means my planning will become much easier!
My husband came home from work.
i went to see my lover to day
I was at home hungry and my brother just showed up with some food he had bought for me.
I sold some things on eBay.
Spending time with my daughter after work and playing with her.
When I took a weigh in this morning, and saw that I gained 2 lbs compared to the last weeks weigh in. I'm very skinny and a hard gainer, so finally packing on some weight felt good.
Today I bought a plane ticket to another country
Something that made me happy in the last 24 hours was watching baby videos of my little sister with her.
My daughter made me happy when she gave me a hug.
Made some barbecue.
I was happy because I went out to dinner with a good friend
At work I was joking about having to babysit my niece over the weekend, and how she keeps scratching her butt and trying to touch things around the house and hug me. 
I ate a really tasty cinnamon bun.
I went for a run this morning in my home state of Maryland.
Stayed up late talking with my best friends and planning a party.
Me and the wife watched a very funny comedy special on netflix last night....it's the Louis CK special.....it's Hilarious !!!
I got to see good friends when we went out to dinner last night
I proved someone who I dislike wrong in an argument (yes, I'm petty).
My friend has a dog, I got to play with the dog and this made me happy.
Having a nice and sunny day for once instead of the clouds and rain
Seeing my wife this morning before going to work.
My favorite pair of socks were waiting for me, clean when I opened my sock drawer this morning.
I was happy when I sat down to watch the Milwaukee brewer game.
My best friend texted me in the afternoon to tell me about his promotion at work.
I love getting these hits to start my day.
I bought some sour patch kids on the way home from work and ate a few.
Giving a great presentation at work for which my manager gave me positive feedback.
I made a celebratory cocktail that was delicious.
I don't know. There hasn't been such a moment so far. I was actually happier when I got a call saying that I have got selected for a job. It was my 3rd offer technically. I was happy because of the difference in pay scale which I needed most, to support my family.
Washing and putting my brand new bedspread on my day.
I'm happy that we are going boating this weekend.
I received a new backpack I ordered in the mail.
I brushed my hair and thought that I looked good.
I got a nice night of sleep with no interruptions.
Seeing my daughter do flips on the trampoline made me happy.
I got a discount on my oil change for being a reliable customer.
This morning, I took my son on a walk in the stroller. 
My mom's birthday was yesterday and I gave here a terrific present, it was an angel and she ended up having the same color outfit on as the figure. 
I went out to dinner with my wife at a local pizza place.
I finished reading a book that had me extremely curious to figure out the mystery of the plot.
I had my ears cleaned out at the quick-care medical clinic, and now I feel a lot better.
Someone complimented me on my shoes.
I got to have my kids for the night after I got out of class.
Today I'm happy because I might have found a new job.
I had a joking conversation with my husband.
Going with my girlfriend to the mall to spend time together made me happy.
This morning I groomed a nice looking indoor plant to make it even nicer looking.  
My husband and I were able to go out to dinner at a nicer restaurant and have a meaningful conversation.
My partner made me a healthy dinner.
I completed a project at work.
I talked to my sister on the phone.
I received my certificate from medical school and my grades were a lot better than what I remembered which will help me achieve my goals of obtaining a career in the medical field.
I suggested a new way to collect data in my workplace, my coworkers agreed with my suggestion and made it seem like they really enjoyed the idea.
I finally paid off my car loan bill which has been outstanding for a few months. 
I went to get food with a friend and they bought me a drink. 
I was able to go see my nephew for his birthday! 
My daughter made a new friend.
Picking up a copy of Lego City Undercover for Nintendo Switch.
I had waffles for breakfast and decided to load up on peanut butter and syrup.
I went out to dinner with my nephew.
While sitting in my recliner last night, my cat jumped on my lap and fell asleep while purring. 
hanging out with my friend made me happy
I received a phone call from an old friend and that made me happy.
I messaged a friend I haven't spoken to in a while
Watching a newbie fail miserably in a Dark Souls video, one of my favorite game series'.
My mom got my son a power wheel for his birthday.  It's Batman theme which he loves. 
Had an appointment with my counselor and got to talk about some of the things bothering me lately.
I woke up this morning and ate a gooey cinnamon bun that I had been saving for a couple days.
My husband and I had a very intimate sexual session (which is rare)
I had time to mail a package to a friend who is having  a hard time.
I spun my child around and watched a big smile on his face.
Prison Break came back on TV.
I went out with my friends and DIDN'T drink too much. 
I was happy the garden looked good after the rain. 
I got a 99% on a test in microeconomics and the class average was 71%
I got to see my two brothers.
My dog when I got home from work, he's always there and happy to see me when I get home
I was sorting through the papers in my daughter's school work folder and found her recent report card which reflected very good grades this period.
While checking out at the grocery store the cashier notified me of a coupon on one of the items I checked out which I had no clue about.
I stayed at a very nice hotel in Spartanburg, SC and had an amazing meal. 
Had a great meal that I cooked yesterday.
There was no traffic getting to the bridge to go home 
My grandaughter who is 7 has learnt how to text so she sends me a good night text every couple nights.  Last night was one of those nights.
My cat was so happy to see my this morning that he didn't even beg me for food, he just curled up in my lap.
My dog was extremely energetic, running and slipping all over the wooden floors.
When I climbed out of my morning shower, I had a fresh clean towel waiting for me.
Riding my bike around town.
I went to trivia with my friends and we won 3rd place.
to day i got my commission from my old merchant
I will be off tomorrow and Friday which is a super bonus for me.
I coached my son's T-ball team's first practice.
I am happy because I had multiple residents at work tell me I am doing a great job.
Dinner with my crush
When I walked my dog pet outside. I love it because we have our daily activities which we run and walked which is good in my health.
I beat one of the main bosses in the new Zelda game.
My master's thesis proposal was approved.
2pm came around and I finally got to leave work.
My husband texted me beautiful pictures of different landscapes.
Got a good night sleep last night, woke up so well rested today, felt good to wake up which is a rare thing for me
This saturday I wen to a restaurant at the sea to have fried fish
My dog snuggled with me on the couch and put his head on my lap. 
I watched my favorite show on tv this morning. I had it recorded to DVR so I could watch it this morning. I have had a stressful week, so it was really nice to look forward to that.
Getting a good morning text from someone I just started dating.
My favorite show came back for a new season.
I went to the grocery store which is my absolute favorite errand to run; I love finding sales and seeing new products.
I was getting ants in the house and I finally got rid of them!
 I found my keys that I lost my garage. I lost  them in the winter. In the snow. I wasn't able to find them I was so happy when I did.
I went to the store and spent way less than expected and got more food than I planned for due to sales.
When I got in the car from work, with my husband, he asked me how my day was and cared about how I was feeling. 
I got  dinner at a great restaurant. 
I WENT TO MEET MY COUSIN TO DAY
I managed to cut my baby's nails without hurting her.
I went out for a nice steak dinner after
I enjoyed playing Minecraft with my six year old son.
Yesterday, at work, I was creating a bulletin board with cute baby ducks all over it related to a spring theme. I managed to get some books to highlight that theme. It made me feel good because it looked really nice.
I watched my son work on his homework with his father.
I transferred my mturk savings into my bank account. 
I felt bad so I went to Jimmy John's to get some subs. They were very good and made me happy eating it with a pickles and chips.
I went to pay 2 different co-pays for my sons therapy because we have to pay for each discipline. I was informed that I now only have to pay 1 co-pay a day.
As soon as I got home from work my dog greeted me at the door and immediately rolled over so 
i would scratch his stomach.
Someone cooked me dinner
I noticed the fish activity starting to come back.
I was able to beat the feeling of "needing more" and being content with what I already have. 
I got a compliment about the new shoes I bought which made me feel good.
I ate a good burrito.
My favorite hobby is macrame and I made a new piece of jewelry to wear. 
One of my sons received a 100 on a test that he was really stressed about.
My daughter helped me cook dinner.
I decided on a new career 
When I woke up this morning, my wife had made a pancake breakfast with fresh coffee, and we had breakfast together. 
My dog was playing with his bed, and somehow got it on top of him. I looked down and all I saw was the bed moving with my dog underneath it.
I got to spend some much needed quality time with my husband.
I mad buffalo chicken ziti with bacon.
I got a phone call from my brother whom I haven't talked to in a while.
Cleaned my house.
I felt really happy when I made a new style of tuna salad sandwich for dinner.
I had time to prepare a healthy and delicious home-cooked meal for dinner.
I had Dinner outing with my wife
Cleaning my room a bit and feeling more organized.
I decided on an apartment.
I had a very good workout.
Nowadays, happiness is a fuzzy concept and can mean many different things to many people. Part of the challenge of a science of happiness is to identify different concepts of happiness, and where applicable, split them into their components. Related concepts are well-being, quality of life and flourishing. At least one author defines happiness as contentment.[6] Some commentators focus on the difference between the hedonistic tradition of seeking pleasant and avoiding unpleasant experiences, and the eudaimonic tradition of living life in a full and deeply satisfying way.
I bought a new mouse at the store.
My husband gave me a nice kiss.
I shared a sundae with my girls and it was really good and fun.
My roommate did all of the dishes even though most of them were mine.
I drank a really good soda.
I binged watched 13 Reasons Why. It was so good. 
I made a lot of money today 
I was happy to see my puppy. 
I discovered a new song that I like.
There were a lot of pretty girls at the grocery store and some seemed to give me smiles.
One of my friends surprised me with a watercolour painting of my dog.
I finished my daily obligations early so had a lot of time to relax and think about things.
Vividly dreamt about my dream girl
yesterday i watched latest movie beauty and the beast. 
My husband was reading stories to my son.
when i managed to protect myself from doing unlawful activities.
I took my son grocery shopping and he helped me to pick out our dinners for the week.
I had sex with my spouse.
I had gotten running water back in my apartment so I could take a shower.
I took my Dad out to get a steak.
My son loved all the gifts we bought him for his birthday.
I ordered a cool pair of chinos that arrived today, really like the fit of them.
I went for a walk.
After an insurance screw up, I paid cash but got a refund later in the day when everything was straightened out.
I woke up to the sound of rain pouring against my bedroom window.
I ate good ice cream today.
I ate dinner at my girlfriend's house.
I was able to take a long nap when I got home from work.
Got to cuddle and clip my cat's nails.
I discovered my favorite Mexican place delivers through Uber and I ordered a carne asada burrito and chips and queso for lunch and it was so good.
A person I'd been corresponding with online asked me out on a date.
My sister law came to my house after a long time for summer vocation.
I am happy because I got to take my two sons to the movies this evening.  
I finished some homework that was due later
"A Moment Like This" is the debut single by American singer Kelly Clarkson, the winner of the first season of American Idol. It was released as a double-A side with "Before Your Love" and topped the Billboard Hot 100.
I made it to work without getting into a bad car accident. 
I went walking with my wife and kids after dinner tonight.
One of my snapchats people really liked
I saw a friend that I have not seen in awhile and was able to visit with her for a few minutes. 
I had a late night treat at the end of a long work day
MY FRIEND IS A COLLEGE TOPPER. SO SHE GOT A SHIELD FROM COLLEGE. I FEEL VERY HAPPY . BECAUSE SHE IS MY BEST ONE.
I got a 10/10 on a chemistry lab quiz that we have to take every week, which was great, considering i normally don't do well on quizzes compared to midterm exams.
when my sister give me a birthday card. 
I was having an issue with my smart TV so I called customer service and for once in my life I get a capable customer service rep 
I cooked a dinner which my husband enjoyed.
Going for a walk with my wife
I won a food challenge and received 100$ from it.
last day i get call from top MNC company my resume selected that company and invite from second round interview after receiving that call i said to my mother she was very happy that day.
AFTER LONG TIME I SAW MY SCHOOL FRIENDS. I WAS SO SURPRISE. THAT MOMENT UNFORGETTABLE MOMENT IN MY LIFE.
I finally caught up with my sleep.
I saw my family members and we had a short dinner and conversation while watching T.V.
I made my work schedule, which made me happy because I love scheduling. 
won a game of basketball 
I took a much needed power nap in my car during lunch hour today and woke up feeling great and refreshed.
I finished crocheting a cute jellyfish doll for my friend.
I watched a good episode of my favorite television show.
When i came to my office. I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
yesterday,my college day function and i received topper award was my happiest moment.
This evening, I watched a few episodes of Spongebob Squarepants.
I got an email saying I had some loyalty points that I need to use before the end of the month. 
I finished my astronomy homework early
The day with my pet
A client unexpectedly reached out to me this morning for an additional contract.
I went for a nice long walk with my dog in the local park.
I took a long nap after work. 
I found another clothing/sneaker site that accepts Amazon Payments as a form of payment, reducing my need to transfer funds out of it to do things of that nature.
A coworker offered me some delicious chocolates.
YESTERDAY I BOUGHT A NEW MOBILE. THAT MOMENT I FEEL VERY HAPPY.
I found out that my credit score has improved drastically.
my happiest moment of today  i met my grandpa and grandpa in this memorable moment.
yesterday i bought new apple I phone...
My amazon package came 2 days earlier than expected so now I have a new video game to play.
I read a nice heartwarming story.
I got a $3 bonus. 
My co-worker gave me chocolate when she came back from her lunch break. Definitely needed that.
My house was finally clean.
It rained today and it reduced the temperature.
traffic was not as bad today as most days and i was able to stay calm through most of it.
I walked my dog and ran in to an old friend.
My daughter received an academic award at school!
I read a book about Kyoto.
Got to leave work early today and got an extra hour of time in the day. (Also bonus happy event, seeing this HIT is available for me to do before bed)
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

I found a great parking spot at work this morning, really close to the front door.
My friend bought me lunch today at Arby's. 
I finished my homework faster than I had anticipated
I had sex with two 18 year old girls in exchange for some weed.
I did some spring cleaning around the house.
Yesterday Morning I went to a orphan home. There I helped orphans by donating 10$.That made me very happy.
I watched the Utah Jazz (my favorite team) beat the Blazers on TV with my dad.
I got blessings from a temple priest and it was a happy moment
Within the last 24 hours I spent time shopping for myself and decided to pick somethings up for some other members of my family
I was happy when i thought about my vacation to Florida
I took a bath and texted my girlfriend. It was very relaxing and made me super happy since I'm out of town for two weeks.
I watched a baseball game on TV.
At work today, the workflow was a bit slow, which allowed several coworkers and myself to listen to music while we worked.
My homemade chicken and dumplings dinner was awesome!
Online, I saw that people were supporting the GoFundMe of a person that needed help, and I thought of how nice it was that people really do come out and support strangers in their times of need.
My cat chased a fly around the house for quite some time. He was very excited and made cute chirps the entire time.
I went for a jog in the evening and enjoyed the nice weather.
My husband came home earlier than expected.
i had donated some money to charitable trust.
I bought a new shoe yesterday and that moment made me feel happy.
I AM ENJOY TO SEE THE FAVOURITE FILM .I THINK THE PEEVIOUS MEMORIES ARE FEEL IT.
hanging out with my best friend and watching shows
We won a match with Cleveland and I went to party at Cleveland club and I made 31pts 
I went to a sandwich place for lunch and ran into an old friend. We had a nice little conversation.
Drove for over 10 miles for fun.
I had a cool dream.
I was able to make time to FaceTime with my mom this morning.
i go to shopping  at the time i say blind person and i helped the cross the road.
Logged into my brokerage account and found over a hundred dollars in dividends since the last time I checked.
My favorite actors new movie teaser going to launch today and I am going to watch and thinking of that moment feels happy.
An event that made me very happy was the Detroit Tigers winning their opening baseball game today.
after so many years i reached my goal yesterday that i got best employee in my company.
I made a bunch of healthy food for the next several days, saving money and building my health.
Yesterday i went foe a blood bank and i helped a person by donating my blood.I felt very happy and i have saved one life.
I accidently slept in today and the boys missed the bus.  I was happy that we got ready for work and school in 12 minutes and were out the door within 15 minutes.  I had them to school 2 minutes before the first bell rang.  Small, but a relief.
I received a sizable tax return.
When we returning home then we take a flight of airways, In this flight i meet with my room partner (with his wife) of my collage days its very happiest moment for me.
When I purchase a new car
MY WEDDING CELEBRATION SO, WE ARE GOING TO HOTEL.
I checked my beagle's ears this evening after applying some medicine last night and noticed that her ear infection has already started to look better.
i go to shopping  at the time i say blind person and i helped the cross the road.
Understanding material taught in class made me happy
My dad and I went out to eat. 
I lost some more weight.
I was riding bike, and a friendly Alaskan Husky came up to me and I pet her.
I listened to a motivational speech.
When I received a phone call from a friend and we had a nice conversation. 
This morning during my class, my professor had noted how hard I had appeared to be working in class and told me I was doing a good job and that he wished other people followed suit.
when i am come to my office i me my grandpa and grandma they shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright furture in my life.
My wife surprised me at work today with a lunch that we had together.
I watched my daughter win an event at her gymnastics meet and I felt very proud of her for continuing to work so hard at something that never came easy to her. 
When my friend complemented me telling that, I have lost weight and I look slim.
I walked my neighbor's dog in this beautiful weather.
Receiving a text message from my mother that she plans to buy me a birthday gift. She inquired on what I wanted and was certain that she will send it to me. It made me happy because I now have something to look forward to for next week.
Yesterday, me and my dad went shopping and purchased more dress for me.
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle`s summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
When I came to my office,I met my grandpa and grandma.They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I talked with the girl I like for 4 hours. 
My wife got to take a nap in the middle of the day, which she really deserved.
 Yesterday I celebrate my sister's birthday in my house with her friends. I enjoy a lot.
When i came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to set a bright future in my life.
When I am come to my office I me grandpa and grandma, They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blesses me to get  bright future in my life
Yesterday, we planned a two week vacation to the beach. That made me very happy.
I played the next title in a series of video games that I like.
When I am came to my office. I me my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle 's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.

My happiest moment is my college days,because weekly two or three days we bunk the class and go to film, beach any resort. this is my happiest moment.
I made a really good quesadilla when i got home from work.
Relaxed at the park alone to read a book 
I had fun  tinkering on the internet on some possible summer weekend get aways to either cape cod or new hampshire
Earlier today, I was able to sell one of my wood projects. I am trying to start up a small craft business, and this is a pretty good start.
 I was going to birthday celebration
When I came to my office, I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to set a bright future in my life.
I met my goals for today.
My favourite team winning its match.
my aunt got recovered from a deadly disease which she had been fighting since long
I bought a mortar and pestle.
Getting a start on my Mother's Day shopping and finding the perfect gift for my Mother in Law that I know she'll love.
At night when I was talking with a friend about fashion clothes in the last 20 years
I tried my favourite dish, it made me happy.
I cleaned out my cats litterbox and my cat was very happy which made me very happy.
I completed some financial tasks that I have been putting off and it felt good to get them off my plate after I procrastinated for so long.
I went shopping and got some treats at the store while I was there. I bought some ice cream which I ate while watching the movie.
I gave a hero bicycle learn to my sister son.He saw the cycle his happy is endless.I feel very proudly saw his happy.He learn the cycle in 30 minutes.then we back our home and ate some foods then he went his bed,he cant forget the surprise.I feel very comfortable the situation.
While playing on a game at night with a few friends, we finally got one of our new friends into the main game we play which was a lot of fun.
Saved my sister some moving expenses.
I watched a really great Disney movie this afternoon during lunch called Around The World in 80 Days.
My husband came home early and we were able to spend some time together before he went to his second job. 
I woke up and made a breakfast consisting of mac and cheese and salsa for myself.
I had an ice-cream sandwich for dessert.
I got a car wash.
YESTERDAY I WAS GOING FOR BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION IN MY RELATIVES.
Went to meet my grand parents and a few relatives it was a very happy moment
My son did a good practice (performed 214 sums in 10 mins) for upcoming competition.
The crew saved me a meal from dinner, as I was sleeping.
Greeting my son after we've been apart always makes me happy. I felt happy today when I saw him when I returned home from work. As usual he gave me a hug and a kiss and was happy to see me.
Ordered a pizza and they made it even better than last week which made me feel happily relieved. 
AM WENT TO MY BROTHER HOUSE,AM SPEND MANY HOURS LOTS OF FUN VERY ENJOYABLE THAT EVENT IS  VERY HAPPY MOMENT IN MY LIFE
IN MY GARDEN ,I ARRANGED ALL THE FLOWER POTS VERY BEAUTIFULLY. WHICH MAKES ME HAPPY.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was finding 20 dollars in my room.
I had a decent day on Mturk on my first day back.
I prepared dinner and it was very tasty
I found out that my brother, who has been away at work, is on his way home
After so many months yesterday the earning of my dashboard showed a great earnings which made me very happy, as the income will support my family in many ways to meet the basic needs
I WENT TO MOVIE
I tried a new recipe for jalapeno stuffed chicken breast.
Hearing my coworker say nice things about me.
YESTERDAY I HAD BEEN ATTEND FOR INTERVIEW.I AM SO HAPPY
I bought a bunch of pot pies that were on a terrific sale.
I got a phone call from a old friend.
I got to hang and talk with my brother for a few hours.
We found a new chat platform at work which incorporates all of the things we wanted into one platform and streamlines our communications so much easier. 
I got a call from my sister about finances and we ended up talking for two hours and catching up after not talking for a few months.
YESTERDAY MY FRIEND CALL ME FROM U.S.A AFTER A LONG TIME.SHE SAID THAT SHE BOUGHT A NEW CAR.IT WAS HER LIFETIME DREAM.THAT MADE ME HAPPY.
I made a tasty dinner consisting of lasagna and garlic bread. I do not often make my own dinner so I was proud of it.
I was able to go up to the lake and spend time with my older brother. The fishing was great and it was nice to catch up. 
VERY INTERESTING OF THE MY JOB
We planted roses flowers in our garden its too good view we enjoyed planting there its different types of flowers I love flowers a lot
I forgot my lunch when I was leaving for work earlier, and my oldest son noticed and met me at the door with my lunch.
Seeing my favorite type of chocolate at the dining hall
Today my sister got selected for job in a big IT company. She was very excited and happy to work for the company. I feel so proud on watching her achievement. I am very happy for her achievement.
I played the piano and it helped me not think for a bit.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I took the time to do some personal grooming.
Yesterday night i attended my friends birthday party and i was very happy to see variety of cocktails.
I watched a finale of my favorite reality show
I was able to help one of my co workers with one of their problems.
I cooked chicken in a new way and had great success!
Finally completed a program I have been working on for a few weeks.
I made $15 on MTurk
I let my friend borrow some money and he was very appreciative.
I WENT MOVIE
I went to Park.
i went to shopping
I went to computer class.
I started rewatching Better Call Saul to prepare for season 3. 
I was able to make a dent in some of my loans.
I eat my favourite breakfast masala dosa
I get a $10 bonus from a mturk requester, saying I've done some good work for them.
I watched a television series on Netflix.
i went to movie
I WENT TO BROWSING CENTER
My brother surprised me with visit from out of town.
I thought I lost my car keys when I went to get into my car, but I had forgotten that I apparently put them in the pocket of my sweatshirt and was extremely relieved when I found them.
My happiest moment was when I gave birth to my son. After
nine long months of waiting to meet him, at last that day
came. I was just so happy, and its unexplainable!
I got a free salad for dinner.
When I came to my office,I met my grandpa and grandma. They shared me about my uncle's summer vocation trip and blessed me to get a bright future in my life.
I won a holiday our package for two in a contest, feeling very happy.
I WATCHED CIRCUS WITH MY FAMILY THAT MOVEMENT MAKE ME JOYFULL
I read some good comic books.
yesterday evening i went zoo and enjoyed with my friends it was nice moment to my life
MY CLOSE FRIEND GOT MARRIED WITH ONE WHO LOVES HER.THEY LOVE EACH OTHER FOR PAST 5 YEARS.SO I FELT VERY HAPPY FOR THEM.
I won a raffle at work for two theater tickets, which I plan to use as a date with my wife.
Speaking to old friend
Yesterday took my kids to a theme park even though it is costly for the entry as it is occasional one.The enjoyment that my kids were having made my inner feeling touchy and happy to see my kids happiness. 
I wrote an article for a content mill and it was accepted without a rewrite request.
that my friends mother is doing well after surgery.
I got cool stuff in the mail.
I went to yoga class.
I AM GOING TO THEATER WITH MY FAMILY MEMBERS ITS A  VERY HAPPINESS IN MY LIFE
Got to eat a donut as a afternoon snack from Hurts Donut.
Ordering a Mushroom Pizza from Quatros. Easily the best pizza place in Carbondale, IL
I watched a movie with my friends last night and we had fun making fun of the movie and just hanging out.
I had enough time to play Lord of the Rings online for a couple hours.
Walking into my yard this evening I saw many flowers starting to bloom!
Today a New "O GENERAL"  2Ton A/c have been installed in my bed room to face the coming summer. 
Watering the garden, seeing the first sprouts of the year thriving, even after the dog trampled the garden last week.  
I took a hot shower and washed my hair.
I baked a really nice cake. 
My wife and I took a nap together.
I played Assassin's Creed for the first time in years
My husband gifted me watch and I was so happy
I recently became friends with a really great group of people. Yesterday we ordered pizza, Chinese, and taco bell. Then we sat around talking and eating. Good times.
there is land issue is going on from last 5 year in my village, one of my relative occupied some part of land, my family members tried no of times to resolved. they spend lot of money in different ways to resolve.yesterday local court given justice in favor to my family. they declared the that this is belongs to my family.entire family fell happy.
Had a really nice dinner with friends.
Watched a few episodes of Daredevil with my mom in the middle of the day.
I was able to watch my favorite actor's film on the very first day itself. 
Buying a brush cutter for my father as a birthday gift
i went for shopping and i bought my favorite top. 
I watched the return episode of an enjoyable TV show, Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D., which had been on hiatus for about two months.
I ate a bowl of chocolate ice cream.
I was looking at Facebook memories and I saw old pictures of me and one of my good friends and it made me feel nostalgic and happy.
My friend met me yesterday and wishes me for my future goal.
Walking to the store this afternoon, I found a "lucky" penny.  Who is not happy having some luck?
Having one of my favorite meals for dinner.
I have narrowed down my choices to replace my smartphone which I needed to do because the battery in my phone is no longer holding a long enough to last through a day. 
Yesterday evening no one was in my home my parents went to church. I was alone in my home. I was thinking what will do? Will watch the movie or will play games with my smartphone, then finally decided should i clean the home, because it will make happy for my parents especially my mom will get very happy. Yes cleaned home and designed the garden also. That was good experience for me. Finally my mom came back from church and visited home all of places and she was very happy and said to me thanks my dear. You did very good job, Surely i will give you gift for this!!! I was happy and my mom also very happy. So moving forward i will do whenever i have free time. Thank you. 
My favorite sports team UNC won the men's college basketball National Championship last night.
my son helped  to handicapped person. i am very proud of to see him .that is happiest moment.
I got to do a hot tub and wine. 
my paypal payment was on process to withdraw my bank account
My boss gave an off from work after half day, so it was a happy surprise!
I read a few hours of a book.
I received an unexpected gift.
YESTERDAY I GOT MY GRADUATION FOR MY UNDER GRADUATION DEGREE.I SAW ALL MY COLLEGE FRIENDS AFTER ONE YEAR.SO I WAS SO HAPPY AND I ENJOYED A LOT.
Made more than my $2 goal for mechanical turk.
Me and my son went to kids play zone and we played so many games and it was fun.
I figured out a problem at work that I've been dealing with for quite a while.
I got a surprised gift from an old friend.
I received some extra work from my employer offering me some extra money. 
My dad called me and talked for ten minutes.
yesterday night while i was coming home, i saw a all alone puppy dog, on streetside shivering, so i feeded the puppy dog with small biscuts and dropped him near other dogs for shelter and saftey, which made me really happy.
The store also had expensive cough drops on sale of which I purchased two bags.
When I checked my credit score I saw it went up 37 points.
In the past 24 hrs I got a good news that my friend is coming next week from US n she is going to shift permanently to India .
Someone gave me a thumbs up to my car.
I was speeding on the highway and drove past a relatively hidden police officer. He didn't pull me over.
I cleaned and caulked my elderly mother's bathroom sinks faster than I had thought.
I went to a basketball game with my family.
I love my family. Praise God for him for my family. I'm happy because we have time to rest together. Thank God
I slept eight hours.
A long lonely drive in my moter bike made me happy.
I played some fine worship music at a loud volume for 20 mins this morning.
The happiest moments of my childhood were spent on my grandmother's front porch in Durham, N.C., or at her sister's farmhouse in Orange County, where chickens paraded outside the kitchen's screen door and hams were cured in the smokehouse
When my husband came home from work and gave me a kiss, it made me happy.
I listened to some old music.
I learned a funny fact about a favorite TV show.
I had sushi for dinner.
My friend sent me a nice text to let me know that she was thinking about me. 
I went outside in the backyard with my dog and I sat in a chair and enjoyed the wind blowing through my hair.
My friend told a really funny joke and I could not stop laughing for a good 10 minutes.
Several new job leads.
yesterday i was very happy because in my office i have helped my co worker to correct his mistake because he have made a great mistake and this would cost him to lose his job.
I had a nice phone call with my sister-in-law and nephews.
Ate a tasty shrimp cocktail in the afternoon.
I told my nephew a bed time story and we laughed a lot , it was fun!
I cleared up some desk space.
Today, a coworker told me how much I meant to them through out the 10 years we have worked together.  They told me they were really going to miss me when I switched positions.
I ate lunch and it was good.
I watched two episodes of one of my favorite Tv shows today on DVD. During those two hours Iw as happy.
I met with my high school friends and enjoyed.
I sold some things on ebay
Play with my dog made me happy today.
One of my happiest moments was a realization I had today about (as opportunistic as it sounds) joining MTurk and now I can't imagine what life would have been like if I hadn't pressed that 'Become a MTurk Worker' button, and joined this community of such helpful hearts like the people behind this particular "share your happy moment" HIT.
The younger you were at the time, the better. I can not remember too much from my young childhood, besides the warm feeling from sitting in a basket of laundry just come from the dryer, my dad teaching me how to ride a bike, and the days my mom would pick me up from grade school and we would eat and talk at Arthur Treacher's while we were waiting for my brothers to finish school. And I can remember one vacation with my family by the seashore when I was very young, when my grandmother showed me how to dig for clams, as well as a trip to Disneyland where we stayed in a loft with a circular staircase surrounded by orange trees. All of these memories leave me with happy, warm feelings about my childhood. I also remember playing with my brothers and reading in my room a lot and other minor incidents, but these more mundane memories don't really carry the same emotional weight.
The new shoes that I ordered finally arrived today.
Playing with my dogs in the nice weather in the park today made me happy.
I went on a nice long walk.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
I spent time with my close friends at the range
the moment while wear the engagement ring to my loved one.
My fiance was super attentive to me today whereas he normally doesn't pay me enough mind.
I finished a very tough game which i was trying to finish for that last one month and that made me feel happy.
Played some video games in my room after not being able to do so for a while.
We bought a new two wheeler
The food that I ate during the past 24 hours made me happy for a short period of time after consuming it.
having my favorite fish curry for dinner made me feel Very Happy.
I started reading a new book
My mother got off a little early tonight from work and we got to sit down to dinner and watch a funny movie together. 
I just counted how much money I have in all accounts (PayPal, checking account, Amazon Payments) combined. I found I have much more money than previously thought.
GROUP STUDY WITH FRIENDS
Thereas a popular saying that goes something like this: aThe happiest people donat have the best of everything; they just make the best of everything they have.a You will have a deeper sense of contentment if you count your blessings instead of yearning for what you donat have.
My town has went threw so much bad weather in the past 24 hours. I am thankful that everyone is okay and no one got hurt. We have more storm to come and I am praying we get threw those too.
jolly to outing 
im really happy every day im getting to work on the hit in mturk i and gettting easy money and it made me really happy
I am very happy at every movement in my family. i was born in 1993.my family is also wonderful and happy.my family is a best hard worker.
My girlfriend has dinner waiting for me at home
The lineup came out for a music festival I'm attending in a few months. 
I was very happy for my son went to going FIRST DAY school. I was very excited  to receive him in the evening.
We went to the store and stocked up on some good food.
the long time ago i was meet my best friend. i was so happy that moment
My close friend Subha called me yesterday evening and shared her happiness with me that her husband had got a salary hike along with promotion.
I fed a stray dog milk
ME AND MY TEAM PLAYING IN THE GROUND WHILE ITS STILL RAINING FOR MORE THEN TWO HOURS.
After reaching my office, i started my regular official works. Suddenly my colleague says to me, our boss called you go and meet her. I met her and she says you are promoted as assistant manager. I feel very happy in that moment.
My parents are happy with me. 
The Detroit Tigers won on opening day. Verlander pitched really well and they got a few home runs.
My daughter reached a goal at school.
I finally ordered a watch from Amazon to replace the watch that died over a year ago.
I walked in the warm sunshine and felt a sense of tranquility.
I had a wonderful chicken stew for dinner
my wife cooked well biriyani. i like it very much
I ate the rest of my solid chocolate from yesterday. 
My Daughter bought a Chocolate for me.
I talked to my old girlfriend and had a swell conversation.
UnControlled  and Brake failure Car gone beside with Us with 3 Inch of Gap, we narrowly escaped from that incident, that moment we never forget in our life.
MY HAPPY MOMENT OF LIFE YESTERDAY I WAS  GOING TO YOUR.
we think to celebrate this event so i give to party to my friends .it is very good fun time in my days.i feel very happy to this accusation.they also feel very happy to my promotion.it gives all good time to me.it makes lot of fun in that time.
I drank a nice cold refreshing glass of Crush orange soda after working all day outside in the sun. 
I met my school friend long long ago
I picked up several large pieces of pork shoulder from work before I went on vacation.  I am excited with the possibilities of what I could make from them.  Maybe I will make some sausage with one and pulled pork from the other.  I can't wait to cook it!
I helped an old woman today to cross the road, as there was much traffic there and she was afraid to do it alone. I feel happy helping others.
Relaxed and smoked with good friends.
Last night girlfriend kiss me on my lips its a happiest moment for me.
went for purchase and buy a new blue tie. its design was so good
My mother called me just to ask if I was okay.
I was happy when I sat down to eat dinner with my family.
Today, I got a leave from my office for a family function.
WE BOUGHT A NEW BIKE FOR MY HOME
SPEND SOMETIME TO SEE MY CHILDHOOD FRIENDS 
My neighbor's mother, who was in the hospital, was finally discharged home today.
Free wine tasting and 6 bottles of free wine.
I made muffins and and gave for everyone and it was so tasty and all my family and neighbors appreciated me
I finished knitting a scarf for myself today. 
Today, the weather was nice enough for me to roll down the windows while driving.
I was happy when I got a good night's sleep and came into work feeling bright and refreshed.  
Celebrated festival at my father's house
Taking a nap this afternoon. I need rest, I usually work long hours as a level 1 med aide so when I can grab rest its greatly appreciated.
I am happy a customer came into today. We went on a recruiting drive a few days ago and one of those people we reached came in. I took care of her today and we made 3 sales with her
I have fully gotten over my cold.
I enjoyed the ice cold beer I had for dinner.
I watched my favorite TV shows while resting.
Also, this morning I bought a new Apple I Phone which is my long term wish to buy such one. Till now, I am using it & searching & learning new features in it happily.
I invited my son's best friend for tomorrow.
I went to shop for my next house.
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
I got the news of my promotion to a higher post.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.

I finished season 6 of Pretty Little Liars.
Ranked up in a video game
I got to drink one of my favorite juices while doing homework.
I was happy to see a baby smiling without teeth
Right at this moment I heard that my uncle is coming to visit us!!!
I saw the rainbow in that morning
I watched a new episode of an anime I enjoy that I've been waiting to release for a few years (attack on titan) and it was epic. I put off watching it so I could watch it together with my husband and share the experience.
I got some lost new toys of my kids while keeping certain cloths, items in the almirah. I got it after 8 months. So I was happy that finally I got it and the kids can play and enjoy with those new toys.
I had an easy work day.
My girlfriend calling and telling me she loved me before she went to bed.
I saw another one of these HITs were available.  Love these HITs.
I went to  a job interview this morning, I think it went well.
evening i went to children home and look at them and helped them
When I ate some of my favorite chocolates.
played online multiplayer games and earn more money from rummy game. i won more amount from rummy game. its also memorable. 
evening i went to children home and look at them and helped them
I saw a cute elderly woman with a baby on the train. They were making faces at each other and both laughing a lot. Their happiness made me feel very happy as well.
I had a chance to act in a short film which was filmed near my hometown.
Fell in river.
After a cup of warm coffee and a good night sleep for a change, I actually feel refreshed this morning, for the first time all week.
I walked 5 miles today it was just a small personal goal but I had a stroke last year so its part of the road to recovery.
I watched a favorite show with my mom who I don't see too often.
I made it through Tuesday. It was a long day but I'm happy it's over. 
I woke up feeling well rested and energized enough to face the day, knowing that God is faithful.
I enjoy one of my favourite movies today morning. 

A drinking man fell down near the shop. I carried him in my car and dropped in his house. his family members appreciated my help.
I was talking with my friend for half an hour through mobile phone, its made me happy when i share my opinions on buying a new bike
I watched a movie that I had been waiting for.  
I meet a new person who read similar books like I do. 
I received a recognition at work for a job well done.
I recently posted a question to an online community that I frequent and got a lot of positive feed back throughout the entire day. I now have a ton of material I can use.
I ordered a football for my cousin brother.
my best friend finally got a job.
I had a really good Irish coffee in Ireland. 
My puppy learned how to open the door by himself to go out and do his business
I had sex with my girlfriend and we came at the same time, which was much needed and very enjoyable.
My girlfriend made me chocolate chip waffles for breakfast.
I received the payment from one of my client, which was pending from a very long time.
I got some work done around the house that I have put off for too long.
Arrived at the kitchen and the breakfast was already ready, usually it's me who makes it, so it felt good having a change
Devoted the morning to spring cleaning.
when i got a gift
Got an appraisal from my manager
I helped a friend put some furniture together.
Very little traffic on my way home from work.
I watched one of my favorite shows after a hiatus.
I finished a book I was reading.
Last night my wife prepared a delicious fish dinner

I met a highschool friend that I haven't met for years
I painted my nails.
I got to watch an episode of a television program I enjoy, The Mick.
On the job, there are routine official work of writing letters, contacting customers and suppliers, sending emails, making statement of expenditure etc. However a lunch time  is a matter of great happiness. we all seat together and eat each one has a chance to eat from others' lunch-box. It gives a feeling of one family on the job.
My blood sugar was a little high last night, but I was able to get it under control before I went to sleep. 
I went out for authentic Mexican food that was very good.
My wife was written up extensively in a publication at her employer and is doing very well in her career as highlighted in the write up.
I went for a run on a trail I had never been on before and really enjoyed exploring it.
Another thing that made me happy was going for a bike ride.
A close friend of mine is coming to my place after almost 3 years. So excited to see her.
My sister came to visit me today
My mom told me she was happy I was living at home with her again.
I baked banana muffins, and they turned out great.
I made and then ate a great sandwich.
I smoked a big bowl of cannabis after doing without it for so long.
Playing some video games.
I looked at my beautiful crocus, daffodils and forsythia bush blooming huge.
My friends came from Australia and gifted me a watch.
A coworker of mine gave me a thank you package for helping her and, while unnecessary, it made me happy that she appreciated my help so much.
 I bought a new iPad like I'd been planning to for a while 
I watched Rachel Maddow, as I do every weekday.
my mother and my aunt prepared a nice dinner today

I was able to get in front of a situation that was relevant.
I am happy to find a new video game I have wanted on sale for half price. 
I got all my errands done in the day successfully. 
Doing yard work in preparation for spring makes me happy.
Had a good homemade burger for dinner
I changed my hair style with short hair and colored my hair in both maroon and brown colors. 
I got a win on h1z1
Made eggless whole-wheat flour cake on my mother in law's birthday. She was so happy to taste that cake.i felt contented and happy simultaneously.
I went shopping and purchased my girlfriend Star Wars tissues she likes, which made her extremely happy. I love taking small moments like this to make her feel good. 
I ate an ice cream sundae for desert last evening.
I saw a video of cute animals on the internet. 
I left work a half hour early.
I'm going to be able to "hook up" the new car I'm going to get. 
Reading an entertaining book about different authors through the ages and how they dealt with the issue of plagiarism.
MY FRIEND GOT A  SHIELD FOR COLLEGE TOPPER. SHE IS VERY BRILLIANT AND SHE IS MY BEST ONE. I FEEL HAPPY FOR THAT MOMENT.
My apartment mates were not in the kitchen when i went to cook so i was able to use the kitchen as i needed it.
I was able to help out a friend in need.
Planned for an outing with my hubby today evening.so exited.
I looked at some cute pictures on the internet that made me smile.
We booked our honeymoon to Thailand and am extremely excited for it.
Received a package I've been waiting for and got to play with it immediately.
My daughter finally took the project to school that was taking up most of the living room, so now I have my living room back.
Finished a project at work.
My sister cooked lunch, and it was delicious. She does not cook that often, but when she does her food is aways amazing. 
The dog was happy to see me.
I went out in the market and met an old friend of me after many days and I felt happy.
I got a $3.30 bonus on MTurk, which I wasn't expecting.
My sister told me she was overflowing with love.
I am going to love our new manager.
When I drank a milkshake last night.
A person smiled and said hello to me at the post office and made me feel good.
I went to the chiropractor for an adjustment on my hips.
I found some pottery I had been looking for
My kids teachers love my kids this year
Purchased a New Television for watching TV programs from home.
I tried a new pasta recipe for dinner, and it was great!
A got a full report from my grandson after his soccer practice about his day and things that happened.
I finally moved into a new place. 
An old friend got in touch with me and asked if I would like to get coffee in the coming days.
I went out with my friends.
I won a scrabble game online against my friend with a new high score.
I was happy to see that my favorite baseball team won last night.  Every time they win is a good day or night.
There was an office party at work the other day and I got to eat donuts.
My neighbor came home from the hospital after a major procedure and seemed to be recovering nicely.
Getting up and having coffee in the morning with my sister always makes me happy (and sleepy).  It's a nice little morning ritual we have together and gets us both ready for the day.
Seeing my mother happy.
Getting a full time position to work from home for my company made me happy and proud.
A friend of mine stopped to see me and have coffee and stayed for 3 hours.
I received a gift from a special someone
Talked to my dad on phone for over an hour.
My tax refund arrived.
Something that made me happy over the last 24 hours was having sex with my wife last night. 
My girlfriend just made me eggs and chicken sausage, it's delicious. 
I was able to sit down and read my book for about an hour, uninterrupted as well as drink a cup of tea out of one of my grandma's tea cups.    That quiet time made me happy and really recharged me.
My daughter sang a song to me.
I was able to relax and settle down after work with my friend.
My friend told me he's coming to visit later this month
I went to celebrate the birthday of a friend
I got my car inspected and there was nothing wrong with it!
It made me happy to finish work on-time yesterday and not work late into the evening.
I found a $10 bill from a coat that I haven't worn in months. 
I did laundry for my bed sheets and using the fresh sheets was amazing.
Saved a bunch of money by being creative and painstakingly repainting a sign instead of just ordering a new one. Feeling creative!
Cooking a meal for my family and having it prepared when they come home from work.
I walked past the mirror and noticed my reflection, all the hard work I am putting in to get healthy is paying off!
My dog sat next to me on the couch, put his head in my lap and snuggled with me which made me very happy.
I gained a few more followers on my Flickr profile.
This morning there was no line at dunkin donuts so I got in and out really quick.
I was able to meet my daily "exercise" goal after walking around the city with my friend. 
I watched Rick & Morty episodes on the couch while my cat slept on my lap.
My mother-in-law had made some oatmeal raisin cookies and gave me a bag of them when I dropped off my daughter.
I was happy that I got to relax and watch documentaries.
I made dinner for my mom.
I played ball with our Golden Retriever Rosie.
I was happy my family liked the new recipe I tried for dinner last night. 
My cab driver didn't talk to me. 
Someone got a package I ordered for them. They were happy to get it. 
Going for a walk on a beautiful spring day.  
I voted in our local election.
I got to see many friends at a reunion that I haven't seen in months/years.
I found a folder that I was looking for about a project that I had worked on several years ago, but wanted to revisit now; I didn't know where it would be or how long it would take to find it, but I was glad when I did. 
My coworker brought a jumprope to work and I jumped rope in the hallway.
When i got home, we were having tacos for dinner yesterday!
I bowled a great game during my league tournament yesterday evening, it was about 50 points above my average - even though we didn't win the round, it was a very good game for me.
I enjoyed eating some cookie dough. 
A friend of mine started work on a fantastic drawing and shared his progress with me.
I found out my tax return is going to be more than I thought it would be.
My parents told me they are coming a day early to visit me.
I had a really delicious Vietnamese and Chinese dinner.
I took my fiance' out to get ice cream.  Spending time with her is always a joy.
A friend of mine got approved on the application for the apartment that they really wanted.
Working out for 40 minutes straight.
I fell asleep in my boyfriend's arms last night and had a great sleep.
My mom made me some homemade chicken soup and homemade bread. 
Helping educate a user with a given software.
When my wife came home I shared the news of my finding a $5.00 bill by hiding it and stating that my bike ride was very enjoyable. I then showed her the $5.00 bill and we both expressed joy and excitement. It is always a big thrill to show my wife money that I found on the ground. We both get a very large thrill from it. 
I watched one of my favorite classics last night.
I along with my friends and family went out for dinner to our favourite restaurant.
I always was pestering my friend to teach me crochet, which she is a master of.After a long time she came herself today to teach me crochet ! My joy bound no limit !!
My dog is recovering well from a major surgery. 
I won 20 dollars on a scratcher.
I enjoyed a very rare opportunity to read some of my book and take a nap yesterday afternoon after leaving work early.
I was able to take a nice long shower with no interruptions.
The day my office annual day function I participant the dancing program in the function. I get the first price 
i am really very happy. and seeing the function my friends participant drama,singing songs i am very enjoyed the function. 
I received a package I was waiting for a long time. 
ya my drink and sex in my liff in good sex in 10 gils in my life sex is my nest happy in m y life And a complete feedback that has only the best intentions can transform your day in a ... Whether it's keeping up on current events, a new hobby or interest or simply any new ... What other small things have made you happy during your work hours 
I live in a duplex town house that is rented. The neighbors in the building besides us have been a constant issue over the past two years. Any and all trash you can think of tossed into the yards. Last night it looked like they were moving out. I was also told by the landlord that things would be changing around here. I assume this is it.
my partner and I are spending some time, talking, cuddlig, and kissing in the room while our son is in school.
I bought myself a soda as a treat yesterday.
Had lunch with a friend I don't see very often.
I saw my first robin on a walk today, which put a spring in my step knowing winter is really gone.
I was happy when I organized the closet in the spare bedroom.
I was able to analyze Iron Fist with some old friends via facebook, so it didn't seem like my sick evening was totally wasted. 
I successfully helped a patron at work find the exact materials they were looking for.
Connecting with my estranged partner after not being on the same page for a while
Looking for parking I found a really good place to park the car for few hours, I found myself lucky at the time.
I feel guilty admitting this, but my wife got sick, so we skipped going to the gym. I was happy because I was tired and not feeling up to it.
My kid and her dad playing with a miniature house together made me happy.
Spoke to an ex-colleague I enjoyed conversing with, after a long time.
I made it into work before the rain came, about 5 minutes later it came down pouring.
I was able to start my diet and had a good day of eating healthy and not eating out.
When we went to McDonald's as a treat of sorts after her dentist appointment, my daughter got to play with several other kids on the playground after she ate. 
My CrossFit coach complimented me on one of my workout movements.
I was able to find some great Easter decorations at the dollar store.
I was invited to lunch and had a great meal with great conversation.  
I finished a difficult project at work on time.
I was able to switch my cell phone plan to save money.
I made an important decision that I was procrastinating, being clear about what to do made me happy and relieved.
Got praised by supervisor
When I checked out at the grocery store the total was much less than I thought it was going to be.
A video that I watched on Facebook made me laugh so hard. It felt good to laugh.
I got a tuna sub sandwich with the works during lunch at Subway.
I may have secured another photography job with a roller derby outfit.
I made a bonus on MTurk.
A friend of mine from Atlanta came to town for business and I was able to see her for coffee.  
I came home after a quick coffee run and somehow my dog who is NOT crate trained had been closed in the crate by the crate trained dog (hilarious).
Yesterday is the most important event in my life, didnt even happen to myself, but happened to my older sister, Becky she now totally free with me after yesterday event. So I feel very happy in my life last event.
A meeting served pizza and wings from a local bar, which is way better than the frozen pizza waiting at home.
Rewarded myself with Subway which tasted really good on the way home from school.
The grass that we planted in our back yard began to grow.
Drinking 3 glasses of butter milk as it is festival today
I got submitted for a project I am interested and for work.
The price of one of my medications was lowered by $50/month. That's huge in my world. 
I gave my fiancee a back rub to help her fall asleep.
My 13 year old daughter washed and dried her own laundry yesterday. One less person's laundry I need to deal with!
It is very good weather this morning.
I reached a new level in a video game that I am playing.
My cat snuggled with me on the couch.
I tried a new Chinese restaurant and really enjoyed their food.
I watched my daughter dress up as her favorite character from a book for an event at school today. 
Watching a few games of the new baseball season last night before bed.
I went to see my parents. They were really happy to see me.
I was happy that my kids settled down and went to sleep easy last night.
I found a necklace that had been lost for over a year.
I had a great run this morning and I could really tell how much I've improved since I started.
I dropped off my daughter at school and gave her a big hug and a big kiss and she said that she loves me.
My son hugged and kissed me surprisingly.  I am so happy and exciting. 
I made cookies with my daughter last night. 
Someone brought in caramel apple suckers into the office and they are my absolute favorite sucker in the whole wide world. 
I was able to get some chik fil a for dinner!
Getting a free lunch @ work!
Got a day off of university because the class was canceled for the day.
I was happy that I got to take a quick nap with my dog in the middle of the afternoon. 
The weather was nice, warm and sunny out, and we could open the windows!
I received a promotion at work. 
I spoke to my mother today about the regular family commitments and she advised me to take rest and not to do work late night. This make me happy.
I injured my leg recently, and today, it felt much better, so I think the injury is not as bad as I had initially thought.
I got a package in the mail that I had been waiting for. 
I got my car's heater fixed.
Worked out st home
I got to take a nap yesterday, and I woke up feeling refreshed.
I got to sleep in a bit, which was desperately needed, and I actually slept, as opposed to my usual waking up every 10 minutes after sunrise.
ate banana pancakes
When I went to the local supermarket, the frozen dinners I wanted to buy were 5 for $10, which is a pretty good savings, and enabled me to buy a few for the future and save up.
My scale this morning said I had lost two pounds in the last week.
My husband and I made a dinner that was really good.
We took some great pictures of two baby cousins and enjoyed sharing them. 
Receiving a card in the mail that allowed us access to a real blessing.
I was able to get a $250 bonus at work yesterday.
Cooking a nice dinner for myself made me happy.
I enjoyed watching one of my favorite shows on TV last night, on the DVR, so no commercials! 
I was able to make my bus just in time. When I boarded the bus, there were plenty of seats.
i kissed my lover  to  day
I met a couple new people today and we joked around and we just had a lot of fun.
I went to a nice park with friends.
Getting off work and heading home for the night.
When my girlfriend prepared me an omelette with avocados this morning. Its my favorite breakfast ever.
I had a good conversation with a co-worker
Today I learned that I'm pregnant
Something that made me happy in the past 24 hours was seeing that Federal appeals court ruled Civil Rights law prohibits LGBT job discrimination.
My husband mad me happy when he cleaned up the dishes.
Started the new Zelda.
I was happy because I finished a jigsaw puzzle I've been working on for the past several days
I got to sleep in yesterday and was able to come in to work late and was not going to get in trouble for it. 
I listened to a Kraftwerk concert on DVD with my husband, which sounded awesome through our sound system.
I watched as my kids played with my old He-Man toys. 
Ate a really delicious homemade brownie that was also somewhat healthy.
My OCC replacement coils came for my "ecig" if you wanna call it that.  It makes my juice taste a whole let better.  I had been smoking on the same coil for almost 2 or 3 months....so i'm so happy to actually get a new 10 pack. 
My clinically depressed SO had a great night singing karaoke while we were out.
I saw cute pictures of my dog that I had to leave at home while I went out of country.
Talking with old friends makes me happy.
Seeing my daughter wake up and want to come to me
Eating a healthy salad this morning.
My dog loves riding to the bus stop in the morning, his happiness and enthusiasm is contagious.
I was happy when I got the garage cleaned and finished.
I watched the Cubs defeat the Cardinals in a major league baseball game, 2-1. 
A friend of mine accepted a position in another state...happy for her!
Some friends stopped over last night unexpectedly and said hello.
Getting approved for the home that we are attempting to buy in the town we want to live in.
I ate delicious shephard's pie for dinner.
I was very happy but I was more happy when I handed over the money to my mother and said,a mummy take it it's my first salarya. I had goosebumps all over my body, even though a small modest amount but yeah it was my *first salary* and I was so happy to see the smile on my mother's face.
Getting to go to bed earlier then usual while my husband took care of the kids.
I'm happy that my son did well in his gymnastics class.
I ate what had to have been the best doughnut I have ever had from a new doughnut place.
I washed my laundry and it smelt good.
I got to see my favorite team, UNC, celebrate with a lot of fans for winning the national championship.
Eating garlic hot chicken quesadillas for lunch made me happy.
I was told I don't have to work this weekend.
I spent some time with my cousin who I haven't seen in over a year yesterday, which made me very happy. 
I wrote a sweet letter to my significant other and they really loved it. 
I read my son some books.
I watched a cat video that made me laugh out loud.
I got a chicken-strip lunch, and it was very satisfying.
I ate my favorite kind of food (Chinese food).
My kids woke up and said I love you this morning.
Today I'm happy because we've gotten a dumpster to throw away things my grandmother hoarded.
We went grocery shopping and everything when smoothly. I even found some things on sale.
Getting a compliment from a stranger made me happy.
Last night my wife and I continued watching episodes of X Factor US.
My baby is learning to talk, all he does it jibberjabber lately and yesterday after his nap he was just going at it, which makes me happy!
I got to sleep in this morning.
I passed my exam.
I had a donut!
my son basketball team won the championship
My friends asked me to meet up with them this afternoon for drinks.
Finally I lost 3 lbs after all the diet and exercise. 
My roommate, who works at a coffee shop, brought home some extra coffee for our household. 
I proposed to my girlfriend and she said yes.
I reached my exercise goal for the day.
Eating some cookies and cream ice cream in the evening while watching Twitch.
I got to play a new video game last night uninterrupted for more than an hour.
I beat a very high ranked player in street fighter V.
This morning I was invited to go to lunch later today with a small group of coworkers that I like a lot. 
Eating pizza made me happy. 
I got a nice text message from a friend and that made me happy.
I finally joked around with a doctor I work with
Ate a tasty but low fat chicken parm TV dinner.
I finally was able to buy the jeans I have been wanting online for so long. 
Kids were well-behaved and I got to play and watch TV with my two youngest daughters.
I finally decided to buy a video game system that I had been researching, and I got myself to hit the buy button.
I made a sign for my garden and am very pleased with it.
I completed a section of a paper that I was writing.
The toddler went to sleep without fighting too much and slept well all night without constantly waking me up.
I went to my child's parent-teacher conference where the teacher praised my child.
My boyfriend sent me a cute picture of a puppy this morning.
I went thrift shopping and had some pretty great finds
I was happy that I got a nap. 
I played with my cat with a couple of different toys and had him running all over the place.
I had a delicious dinner and it was nice to sit with my family and enjoy the moment.
When I got to work my boss brought me dairy queen since I helped her study for a job test
As I checked on my tomato seedlings that I had planted I saw that they had begun to sprout. 
I was able to finish a full 30 minute session on the stationary bike without any breaks or knee pain.
I watched the NCAA championship game with my family. 
My son is happy with his new toy.
Buying a new suit 
I am volunteering at a local holistic expo this coming weekend and for the past several years although I made a commitment to volunteer, something always came up and I couldn't go.  This year I am free and clear of commitments so I contacted the business in charge and volunteered my services.
I watched Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt this morning while I drank my coffee.
My boyfriend told me "the girl was pretty, but not as pretty as you babe."
I received an email, money on the way!
Masturbating while watching some hot porn.
I got to sleep in today due to the bad weather. 
i went to meet my lover
I will get to see my sister tonight and a hang out with her.
I got hit on by a good looking younger lady
I am happy because I got to sleep in, but still woke up early enough to get things done around the house.
Going to buy cloth and perfume's
When I went into my Farm . I love it because I ride my big bike and feed those animals in the farm.
My wife told me she was making broccoli cheddar soup for dinner.
I had the opportunity to take a nap during the day, which was seriously needed.
I found out I would be receiving my deposit back from my electric and water utility companies.
I walked 2 miles on the treadmill.
Work this morning involved watching an online conference from the University of Maryland, very interesting and I enjoyed it
I talked to my tipsy sister on the telephone. 
My boyfriend bought me candy because he knew I was having a stressful week. It was a complete surprise. 
Finding out that today would be a rain free day. I have a ton of stuff to take to the stuff in preparation for moving.
I bought a pint of my favorite type of ice cream which is usually not on sale, but yesterday it was.
A product I ordered on Amazon arrived at my house.
My husband told me he is going to paint for me on Friday to touch up the baseboards which are looking poorly.
I stuck to my diet all day. Not an easy task when everyone around you is eating unhealthy. I stuck to my guns and I'm very happy with it.
I got to sit down and have a date night with girlfriend where we watched a movie and drank a little.
When I got home from work I was able to catch up on all the television shows I missed the day before. 
I went window shopping without my kids. 
I WENT TO MEET MY LOVER TO DAY
I finished reading the library book I wanted to read and it was a good story.
I got to spend time with people close to me
For the first time in weeks, my sports team looked like they showed up to play a game. They still lost, but I was happy to see some fire from them!
My boss, yesterday, said she could arrange my schedule so that I can come in at a later time on Thursday by switching with someone who comes in later that day.
My nephew texted me to say thank you for his birthday package and well wishes we sent him.
I enjoyed one more piece of birthday cake. 
I was in my car and played my favorite music. I had just got a new head unit and did not really test it out. It sounded really good and had some real bass coming from my speakers. It sounded great.
I enjoyed some Ben and Jerry's ice cream.
The Cubs beat their division rival, Cardinals. I was texting my father throughout the game as he is a huge Cubs fan as well. 
I watched the godfather 3
Returning a blu-ray player I bought online that was wrongly advertised as 3D ended up being very easy.
My wife made one of my favorite meals last night, chicken curry. 
I was able to pay one of my important bills on time.
I watched a basketball game.
I received a kind text from a friend that put a smile on my face. 
My wife was really happy about the way a project we had been working on in the living room came out.
I won $6 in the lottery.
I watched my favorite show 
Yesterday during lunch, I had a wonderful and meaningful conversation with a co-worker. 
I made banana bread with chocolate chips yesterday. The problem was i ran out of chocolate chips, so i used the red ones from valentines day. It made my banana bread have a reddish hue to it. When my wife wanted a piece she asked "Why is the banana bread red, did you cut yourself and put in in the mixture?"
I got to sleep in which never happens and it was very relaxing 
I got to catch up on the shows I have saved on my DVR.
I splurged and went to Steak 'n Shake and had a great chocolate shake.
Received over 3 inches of much needed rain.
I felt happy when I spent time reading the sociology book I recently bought.
I had a productive work phone call yesterday. 
Had mating with my spouse 
Watching a funny video a friend sent me.
I went out to lunch with some coworkers and enjoyed myself. 
This hit actually makes me happy whenever I see it. What an interesting study you must be performing.
Going to the Farmer's Market and getting an extremely good deal on a lot of fruits and vegetables!
I went and got some crawfish!
I was happy to come home from a work conference to see my wife and song tonight.
happy to going to home 
Finally got the last member for the crew.
Discovered a new BBQ place in town that makes pretty solid BBQ!
I ate a really good breakfast
I was able to watch dumb movies along with my wife. We had both been busy the past few days and it was the first chance to sit down together. 
I played hide and seek with my niece and nephew.
I got off work early and got a nap.
My daughter decided, on her own, to pick up and start studying the Bible that I just got for her.
I was happy when I sold my old imac. 
I got my first visitors to my new website.
Today, I went to the beach! It made me happy because it was beautiful and scenic.
My beautiful little cat was so happy to see me when I got home today, she rubbed against me and purred super loud.
I got free cake at my work today because it was a coworker's birthday.
Some of my cousins from my mother's side of the family came over and played a board game with my family!
My son made a good decisions today at school and didn't join his friends in misbehaving.
I had a nice breakfast with my wife and mother-in-law.
I watched a new TV program that was great.
I went to the park and swung on the swings.
my brothers birthday celebration on my home so i enjoyed more
Seeing my son walking down the sidewalk after I had been searching for him for over an hour.  Happy Happy Happy 
I bought a new computer mouse.
I was talking to my friend from scotland. they were so nice.
I was happen when my husband gave me a chocolate bar after a bad day at work.
I achieved my income goal for the day.
I went with my husband this morning to a fabulous French Bistro and had a spectacularly delicious breakfast, sharing a crab/asparagus omelet and buckwheat pancakes with Devonshire cream.
I was walking home in the rain from the gym and a friend of a friend saw me, pulled over, and drove me back to my house.
I cooked a healthy chicken meal
My son and I made blueberry muffins.
Last night my son had trouble sleeping, but tonight he went to sleep right away!
Getting ready to work in my yard all day tomorrow to get it ready for summer.
I had a big, delicious burger for dinner.
I put the finishing touches on a long term work project.
I found out that my sister got a new job that she really wants.
I made an amazing cheesecake for the family.
I just ate grilled chicken. It was very good and I ate with my family which made me happy.
It made that i got a promotion by this week was really fantabulous
My husband said he did well on an interview.
I watched a really beautiful sunset with my mom.
I ate homemade bread puding
My girlfriend surprised me with homemade chocolate cookies when I got home from work. 
I saw a corgi.
Having a phone conversation with my father for the first time in a few days
Enjoyed lifting weights at the gym.
I got to relax and watch a baseball game by myself.
Eating a candy bar that ive been craving made me happy today
I had tacos for dinner and they were delicious.
I got a free sub at lunch from my rewards program.
It made me happy when I saw my old coworker earlier
I picked some fruit from my trees this morning. 
I went for my first jog in a few years. It didn't go well, but I'm happy to have tried.
It made me happe when I went to pick my daughter up at school and seeing her run over to me to get a huge hug!
The developers of a game I love playing released from more history and lore about it in the form of a comic. It was fun and a quick read. 
I made a few jokes with co-workers today, and I really feel like I am part of their social group now.
Going for a hike in the woods with my dogs
Getting some flower seeds in the mail that I had been waiting for.
My company ordered pizza for all the employees to have during their break/lunch break.
Yesterday i attended Tractors association meeting and i was very happy to know mini tractors and how to apply loan to buy.
I was able to work on my blog posts.
I took my son to the dentist today and the dentist said his teeth look great and he was doing a great job brushing.
My dog laid in the chair with me before dinner and we napped together. 
I watch my grandchildren each day while my daughter works.  This morning my granddaughter comes running in the house yelling... NANNI!!  (I'm her Nana).  She throws her arms around me and gives me a big hug and tells me how much she missed me last night.  This is a great feeling!
Started making a bit of headway in building a brand. 
I graded an excellent student paper that exceeded all requirements.
 I went to the doctor and they said that the results were a false positive and I don't actually have any cancer.
One of my managers offered to drive me home from work since I took a bus in this morning, and I took her up on the offer.
I found out that my boss supports me pursuing a phd. 
I felt Jesus was helping through some problems.
I was able to watch a few episodes of a mini series I am watching without being disturbed. 
I enjoyed first cricket match of this IPL season.
I finished the layout for my book.
Getting biopsy results back that an unusual mass of cells was caused by infection and not pre cancerous or cancerous.
I played a video game for most of the day and it was really fun.
I finished my next test for my online class
I made one of the best risottos I've ever made.
I helped an old person with grocery bags and showed them the way to their vehicle which made me very happy inside.
I was able to finish a music track I had been working on and it turned out real well. 
I saw a lady walking her cat on a leash today.
I was able to find my favorite brand of nuts at Trader Joe's
This morning, around 10:20 am, I was talking with my girlfriend. Prior to that, I had been pissed off by some shit that my boss was doing and I didn't want to deal with him. So my girlfriend and I were texting and it helped take the stress away. Then towards the end of the conversation she called me her "knight in shining armor" and that genuinely made me happy because it was so innocent and positive in contrast to the hardships that I was going through with my boss. It made me smile and helped me put up with my boss today.
During dinner with my boyfriend we talked about our ideal wedding and he discussed it as if it were obvious he would be marrying me some day. 
Watched a few episodes of Daredevil.
I went snorkeling in the reef and saw a large parrot fish and lots of smaller schools of fish.
I had a very good talk with my neighbor about sports and that made me happy.
We started a new job today and the plants we purchased were beautiful.
I had a full breakfast with pancakes and bacon. 
Seeing the sun shine for a bit today.
My dog finally brought me a slug
My throat which has been paining since a week finally the pain has reduced
A small happy event that made me happy in the past 24 hours is my neighbor bringing in my trashcans for me and saying hello and being nice. I think it made me pretty happy for the rest of the day because I live in a ghetto poor neighborhood and disrespects my property and leaves trash everywhere, and this neighbor being different brought a different vibe to my life. We basically chatted about our jobs and where he came from and it was very interesting. He was former army and now worked as a security guard at the local casino. I warned him about young people doing burnouts with their cars and night. 
I completed some research for a project
Today I enjoyed a nice, long, leisurely walk in the beautiful weather to my local coffee shop.
I slept better than normal last night.
Reading to my kids made me happy I love how excited they are to read at age 3 & 6.   
I had a good day at work
Received the annual increment letter from my employer
I helped a friend out in need with childcare and that made me feel good that I could help her out.
This morning, I got lucky and found parking right in front of the store I wanted to visit rather than having to pay for a garage parking spot.
I received good news from a friend regarding his family surviving a terrorist attempt in their native country.
I made a breakthrough at work regarding a project I'm working on.
I was offered a new job that was a definite advancement in my career. 
I fixed the faucet so the water runs more smoothly.
I played video games with my friends online.
Figuring out how facebook content placeholder animation code works
I thought I lost my driver's license at a park, but then I found it in my car.
Visited Delhi Taj Mahal 
I designed an app that made Renee smile.
Received the new LED Tv yesterday which was my dream. With that happiness we are eagerly waiting for the persons to come to install. so our happiness will continue until we see pictures in it
Got a 1.00 mturk hit. Believe it or not that made me feel good because those never work out for me.
I got great news at my doctor appointment - my cholesterol is back down.
They had a free concert on my campus and was able to go.
While at work I received a tip from a customer which usually doesn't happen too often.
I was able to work on my painting today and it turned out pretty nicely.
I connected with my coworker - a former teacher of mine who grew up with my older brother - over the school I used to attend that he taught at.
I drove my fathers muscle car and it brought back great memories from highschool
I ate three sushi rolls for dinner.
I bought myself chocolate icecream as a treat for staying on my diet/ exercise regiment
I'm expecting a child soon, today I decided to organize all of the clothes I purchased or have received as gifts.
Yesterday was my brother's fifth wedding anniversary and all of our family got together and we had nice time together.
I was able to pray, which made me feel good and at peace 
My one year old daughter tried to comfort my baby daughter when she cried
My former partner from a longterm relationship that didn't work out called me to say hello and just to make sure that we were still friends.
I finished up another exam.
I learned that the project I would be working on would be high value and low risk.
Honestly, seeing your HIT come up - it makes me reflect on the good things that happen in my life that I take for granted and makes lots of Turkers very happy due to the fun nature of the HIT and the awesome pay. Thank you! 
I walked six miles today and it was a beautiful day!
I got a call from a friend who I had not talked to for a while.
I went to lunch with my friend and had a nice steak sandwich which was tasty.
I listened to a great rap album.
 Throughout my childhood, I loved the wild. My family and I would always go for a walk in the downtown forest of Cooteas Paradise. There were many times I thought of what could happen if we were to lose our way from the trail and have to live off of the land until we found our way back to civilization. I thought it would be the greatest experience ever.

As my brothers and I grew older, we continued to go for these walks with our parents but the dreams of living in the forest I soon forgot. Thatas when it happened. We decided to take a different path off the main trail. Before I knew it, the path had disappeared and no one in my family could tell where we had come from. It was so unexpected. It gave me a feeling of excitement that canat be described. Everything in the forest seemed different. The trees were a deeper shade of green. The birds chirped in a different tone. Vines covered almost every inch of the ground. One part of me never wanted this moment to end. I felt completely free from the stress of my life outside of the woods. It was this moment that I realized that I would much rather stay here for the rest of my life than go back to society. 
I actually woke up this morning! I usually oversleep.
I have had a really hard week this week and was mentally not doing well at all. This morning I received a very heart felt message from one of my best friends. 
yesterday we went for shopping for my brothers marriage function, we six family members together enjoyed those moments with lots of selfies
Talking with my brother on Skype.
I finally got a breakthrough in the novel that I am writing, meaning I know what direction it should take. 
At 5pm, when I was able to leave work and go home, I was so happy.  I had a long day at the office so I was very happy to leave.
I won a free shirt at the mall.
Today i mate one of my best friend  
I got a leave approval for 2 days
Doing 5 reps of 80 pound dumbbells for shoulder press today at the gym.
I was happy today because I had the most relaxing chair massage.
I listened to the rain as I read a novel.
I was able to finish a painting I have been working on for many weeks. It is extremely satisfying to see the end result of all my efforts.
I correctly guessed a wheel of fortune puzzle before my wife did. She's normally much better at those games than I, so it was something.
The way my girlfriend looked at me with love make me happy.
I had a great lunch today.  It was really nice.  The food was so delicious.  I went to a new restaurant.
I just ate some delicious ice cream. 
It got to 70 degrees today. It was really beautiful outside 
I got information I had been waiting for.
I was happy when I went to a baseball game
Today, at work, I received a $100 bonus!
Took a 1 hour walk today knowing there is rain in the forecast for Thursday as I wanted to get some exercise while I could 
Talking to my girlfriend while we walked down to the car.
It was a beautiful sunny day today so I went for a nice long hour and a half walk to shake out the cobwebs.
I got a new guitar amplifier.
I bought a new fish tank and rocks and stuff for my fish tank!
I finally got to watch the first episode of season 5 of "Prison Break."
Went out to dinner with my girlfriend.
I went out shopping.
I was able to sleep in this morning after having to work a few early morning shifts the days before. 
I went to the store and bought myself a nice snack.
My girlfriend sent me a cute video of herself. We are in a long distance relationship so I was happy to see her face!
Getting a new clock for the living room.  Looks perfect now!  
My wife surprised me with lunch today.
I could do seven pull-ups today.
Blizzard announced that veteran players would be getting better loot rewards in Heroes of the Storm 2.0. 
I found a new song! Green Light by Lorde. It's been stuck in my head all day long :) it's been my guilty pleasure for the day!
I had a great Bible Study to start my day
I traveled to a country I have never visited.
It rained most of the day today. I sat out on the porch this afternoon with a drink and just enjoyed it.
I saw my kid sister on the front paper for her varsity soccer team making it to regionals.
I had lots of time to play with my synthesizer today.
Got dinner at IHOP and the manager recognized that we come in every week and comped our meal.
I was able to find a used dishwasher after not having one for almost a year.
I took a long walk in the park.
I matched with a girl on tinder who looked just like my ex.
I went clothes shopping with my girlfriend and found something I liked.
My son gave me a picture that he drew for me. 
My husband's student that he tutored got a B on his paper, after starting out looking at a failing grade.
I went on a day trip with other people in my community visiting a TV station and going to lunch.
I got an unexpected bonus through mturk. 
My adult daughter left the house for the day leaving me alone to do me.
My boyfriend made me lunch.
My roommate told me last night that he will order a 2 month amount of flea stuff for his cats (that hang in my bedroom all the time) on Friday. The cats are itching and scratching and going crazy and he keeps saying he will get it and hasn't in a couple of months.
When I got up for work this morning my dogs were in a good mood. I have one dog who is old and arthritic but she's a talker. She was running around the house, howling, barking, and being feisty.  It makes me happy when they are happy and I know they are feeling well.
After spending days searching for a stroller accessory, I possibly found a couple options I can make work.
I was happy when my mom made chilli dogs. I love them.
A family member had surgery today and it went well.
I had another midterm exam today, and everything went well. I didn't blank out like i expected to do, and none of the questions asked were too difficult to figure out. I'm confident i did well.
When I had to renew my driver's license the cost was a bit more than I had anticipated so my brother offered to pay the fee for me.
Dog's vet appointment went well, he was happy and got a good report.
I got a good report for the projects accomplished from work last month, which was a very happy way to start a Wednesday to provide motivation to press through the rest of the week with renewed enthusiasm and vigor! 
I got a phone call from my sister
Getting a big pizza.
I got the platinum trophy in a video game
New album by one of my favorite artists came out.
I took my friend a birthday card and candy bar for her birthday.
I had a job interview and I got the job it will start in a few weeks.
I received an item for free and was able to sell it quickly and easily on the internet.
I had the best tasting ice tea that was green tea with chunks of mango and pineapple.  It was delicious taste in my mouth, I loved it!
My first happy moment happened today at 8:00 am, when they announced at our company that we had won the regional safety and hygiene award as the best company to reduce accidents at work
Tonight I watched the sunset from start to finish, it's the only thing this state does perfectly. 
The weather was nice outside and I could pet the neighbor's dog with ease. She loves that!
I won a pack of playing cards on an instant win game on Marlboro's website.
WENT FOR TRIP TO FOREST
The guy I've been seeing texted me this morning.
I went shopping at a local Nordstrom and found a shirt I had been looking for and bought it.
I went to the Crossfit gym and I had a new personal record on the deadlift at 230 pounds. 
My dog learned how to sit.
I left the house late today and still made it to work on time.
When I got an email from my professor saying that class had been cancelled for the day.
My fiance kissed and hugged me, more sweet than he usually does, and I was happy for 10 minutes. 
I made a coffee cake at home.
I made $40 by cleaning a house in 2 hours this morning.
Our 2 pet rabbits had a baby bunny.
I got a deal for my business.
I reconnected with an old friend from work. 
I watched a movie with a friend. 
I purchased a game off a digital distribution site that I wanted.
I had a delicious dinner.
I got through a meeting presentation without any tough questions, and I had been very nervous beforehand.
I helped my younger sister decide which English courses to sign up for.
I was happy when I saw that there was a new season of my favorite show on Netflix.
We went to the soup lunch after worship today and they had two choices of soup, both of which I could have!
I got to work from home today.
I watched the season finale of the walking dead.
Finding a $20 bill in my jeans that I hadn't worn in a couple months.
I did well teaching people how to make objects to print for the 3D printer.
I decided to take a big step in my life and join my friend in Rodan + Fields skin care. I am beyond nervous, but very happy I can start making positive changes in my life.
At work today in the afternoon I was complemented regarding my exemplary work since staring my job early this month.
I bought a present for a friend at work.
I went in a party with my wife and enjoyed a lot.
I found a dollar in my cup holder I didn't know about.
This afternoon I went to volunteer at a church and met the president of my organization, with whom I had a nice conversation.
I was watching a basketball game and my cat came and laid down on my lap.
I made a 100 on a test :) 
I made plans to sleep over my friend's house this weekend.
I was able to take a nap this afternoon.
My childhood friend called me. 
My husband brought toys for my son its fabulous its too good my son so happy am too
I returned a GPS system I bought from Costco few months ago but I did not use it frequently. Today I got the courage to return it back and get a full refund. Now I have extra cash on hand.
My wife came home from work with burger king
STUDY WITH FRIENDS
My client's appointment went really well.
I was reading my brother's video gaming magazine that he got through mail and was reading through several articles about upcoming video games.
I was happy when I registered for my college classes and was able to get into all the classes I want to take.
I finished putting up my fat head from star wars in my office
Yesterday i while i was shopping the booking clerk gave me ten rupees extra and i gave him back the extra amount he gave and i was happy because i was honest.
My Big sis texted me today to ask what was the last movie we saw. I told her it was Magic Mike XXL. The memories made me happy and to hear from her.
I had pizza for dinner today.
I took the dog for a walk and we took a different path than normal, so we got to see new sites we had never seen before.
I went out to a new restaurant with my wife and it was fun.
I worked out and lifted for the first time in weeks. 
I finally paid off my credit card bill which has been outstanding for a few months.
Beating a game i have been playing
I received a call from a client who was very satisfied with my work and mentioned that they referred me.
I rode with a cycling team that I admire and was able to keep up with them.
The seat next to me on a long flight was empty, so I had more room to stretch out. 
I went to gym at morning it made me fresh, confidant and happy.
I met a woman who completed the same online schooling as I have, and we talked for over an hour about her experiences and she gave some really great, inspiring advice about how I should move forward in my career.
yesterday received a message from my son's school saying that my son got good marks and remarks and got promoted to the next class which made us happy
we trained today and i did pretty well, it was a fun training and it felt good to work together
morning going to jim
Talking to someone who went through the same experience I went through and telling me to not stress so much made me happy.
I got a new dog. 
I went for a walk and bought ice cream at a small store.
My three year old fell asleep in my arms today and I was able to watch her sleep.
Getting out of work an hour earlier than I was supposed to when the sun was still out to enjoy my day.
The tv show Archer started their new season.
I made plans with my friend for next Saturday.
I got my brother to his lab appointment on time this afternoon.
I found a full set of beautiful Fiestaware in a thrift shop.
I watched the TV show rick and morty.
Last night I was able to watch the new episode of Rick and Morty. It was the first new episode of the show in a year and a half.
The Cubs game was rained out today and will be played tomorrow, which I'll be able to watch from home, unlike today when I worked in the office.
I made Pizza dough from scratch and the crust after baking came out perfect.
Yesterday I was able to hire a babysitter and get out for some much needed pampering at the local hair salon.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

The day with my wife
I managed to clean the garden with my husband.
Tonight I walked in the house after work and my daughter came running up to me, excited because she peed in the "big girl potty" when she got home.
I hope you two are happy together.

Finishing work after a long day.
I went to Jason's Deli for lunch and ate a delicious sandwich.
My friend Liz stopped by and thanked me for the photo I took of her and dropped off a newspaper she thought I would like.
I got to watch survivor after my kids went to sleep
i had a potbelly cookie
My wife made dinner for me when I got home.
My best friend told me she was going back to her husband
A man sleaping with his open mouth.
I got a break from single parenting today. 
I am typically quiet and avoid confrontation, but today I questioned my boss on some of his technical decisions that I did not agree with.
I PURCHASED A NEW TAILORING MACHINE FROM ONLINE. TODAY I STARTED USING IT. NOW IT IS AN UNAVOIDABLE THING IN MY HOME. ITS FUNCTIONING IS VERY GOOD. EVERYONE IN OUR FAMILY LIKED IT VERY MUCH. THIS MAKES ME HAPPY.
I watched a really good TV show.
I was able to make a lot of progress on my school assignments. 
I got to have some fun, playing and hanging out with my friend's two little sons. 
My husband took me out for clothes shopping today.  I have an interview tomorrow and was going to make due.  He said "no" and took me clothes shopping after work.
Receiving positive feedback to a blog post I wrote
I completed a fun mturk HIT worth $4!
My ex-girlfriend texting me out of the blue and I really missed her.
This morning when I arose the sky was a beautiful blue with some pretty clean white clouds and Mount Hualahli stood out beautifully. 
My dog greeting me at the door when I cam home after a hard day of work.
I finished my homework
I had a date with an OkCupid match that I had been talking to for a few weeks, and the date went well. 
I found out that my health insurance has finally been reinstated. Even though it costs so much, I'm so relieved!
I had a nice chat with my parents about random things.
When my little sister came to hug me, it made me happy
I helped a friend with his problems.
I watched a movie at the theatres.
My computer seemed to stop working but I troubleshot everything and figured the problem out and fixed it.
I found a dollar outside on the floor last night.
Myself and my dog went to look at adopting a new dog.
I got accepted into my first College option
I taught my dog to "high-five".
I got out of work.
My coworker made the funniest "your mom" joke and we were laughing hysterically.
i got a strike on clash war
the happiest moment in my life
the happiest moment in my life is when
im with someone special,shes been in my life
for almost 6years.whenever im with her i felt
complete,yes it may sounds weird but it is true.
the happiest movement is change to person to person and time
to time, as far as regarding my happiest movement is
concerned when i completed my high school, it is definitely
an unforgettable movement for me all my family members was
waiting my result, it was just momentum movement,
Singing in gospel choir
I made higher than expected earnings at my part time job this past week and I found out today.
I went fishing and relaxed.  
i watched a video of Waggaki Band on YouTube and got to see Kiyoshi Ibukuro smile.
My daughter, who is very busy with college, called me today just to catch up. 
I was able to get the yard mowed before it rained.
Went to an employer this morning for an application and got interviewed and hired on the spot. I start at 8am tomorrow.
I got back from vacation and my dog was ecstatic to see me.
My friend Christa gave me some sticky rice, and it was delicious!
Relaxing, watching videos and smoking a cigar
I called my mother to wish her a happy 78th birthday.
I watched broad city with my sister, we love watching that show together!
I got to eat gumbo for dinner, which is my favorite meal.
When I got home from my two week long trip to visit my long-distance girlfriend, she had already mailed me a letter that said she missed me and everything like that.
Last night I had one of my closest friends fly in from Nashville for a wedding. He moved there recently, and it had been about six months since we had last seen each other. We spent the entire night together and were able to catch up and enjoy each others company.
I finally had a very good night of sleep and I woke up with a smile and feeling energetic.
I work at two different hospitals.  One close and one further away.  I got to work at the closer one which doesn't happen all that often.
I went to the gym and did a really hard workout that made me feel great and accomplished afterward.
My husband got a promotion and people are ringing up to wish us; we are getting in touch with people we haven't spoken to recently and it makes me happy.
I finally was able to get some sleep.
I worked a lot of overtime today to help pay my bills.
I am an medical transcriptionist and yesterday I met my target and that moment feels happy
And old manager congratulated me on my promotion and told me he thought I deserved it.
I am very when my mother-in-law gifted a golden bracelet to me for promotion of mine in my company.
I woke up not feeling sick after having food poisoning for the past two days.
I am a business man and yesterday I got more sales in my shop and that moment made me feel happy.
My child cleaned the kitchen and the living room and did all the dishes. 
My wife gave me a lingering kiss as she left for a work trip.
I was happy when my friend invited me out to dinner because I hadn't had the chance to see him in a while. 
I completed 3 HITS that paid $5.00 each
I got a job offer from my old workplace in Seattle, and it opened a ton of possibilities. 
I spoke to a co-worker about a difficult personal issue he was having.
Got in contact with an old friend that I hadn't heard from in years.
I got the result of my daughter, she has secured 92% and promoted to next class. I was very happy with the Marks as she secured 99/100.
Waking up to see my fiance smile made me happy. 
I reconnected with a friend that moved away but then moved back.
I had a lovely mean with my family
I saw a friend I hadn't seen in 5 years.
I received praise from my supervisor for acting to minimize a major file sharing server outage.
Eating ice cream.
I received a free bagel at work today.
I didn't have to go to my con law class because it was severe weather warnings.
My husband is struggling with a very stressful job and we apply for various openings for him to branch out but nothing comes of them. Earlier a close relative gave us a name of someone who is directly related to her and can be of help. Having an insider connection is the best way to get a job and this news had me elated.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
I came home from work yesterday and my boyfriend had bought me a bouquet of flowers, a bottle of wine, and made a delicious dinner. It was so wonderful to come home to that after a long stressful day
I wrote an article and was paid $200 for it.
I went to a restaurant with my mom and she paid for my meal.
I went on my third date with my now girlfriend. We went bowling and had a lot of fun chit-chatting and playing the game itself. It came with free pizza as well. The event lasted 2 hours.


Today I was able to receive a few text messages from two friends that are very dear to me. It felt so good to hear from them, for they have both been very busy with their lives and was very hard to get in touch with. It was a happy moment.
I found a website that paid really well for the things I do for work. It was a nice and pleasant find. 
Morning sickness going away.
I got coffee this morning with my friend who I haven't seen in a few weeks.
Took a friend to buy a bike at the shop
I made it to work on time because there was no traffic.
I learned a new method for cooking hard boiled eggs that is easy and results in easy-to-peel eggs.
I was happy because my boss returned from his official visit.
I watched an inspiring documentary about the Apollo moon landings on YouTube.
I ate dunkin donuts and it was pretty good
My cousins came to my house and my sons were very happy with them.
I finished up a project that I have been working on for 6+ months.
I finished all my work.
Finally leaving work after a long day.
I invested about 20 dollars into a crypto currency coin recently and today I made $6 off of that investment.
Seeing my friend for dinner after not seeing her for a month.
When me and my wife worked out at the gym this morning.
I bought Rogue One at Best Buy and was able to watch the whole thing during a relaxing evening.
I got a package I had been expecting of some great smelling bath products.
i am live in other state, suddenly my mother was coming and give surprise.we will meet after two years.i am very happy.
Got update modem and cable box for faster connection. 
i delivered a big order to a woman at her home today and she was so appreciative that i got it there so fast!
At the beginning of my workout, I was able to perform two muscle-ups in a row. It is a great achievement for my personal ability.
I donated a bunch of towels, blankets, and cleaning supplies to the local pet shelter and got to play with puppies for an hour as thanks!
Finding my fit bit
One of the purchases I made yesterday shipped sooner than I anticipated and will now be here by Friday.
Yesterday my colleague appreciated me for my good work.
The gardeners came and mowed the lawn.
Someone was really kind and bought me ice cream today. 
When my wife buying a new brand clothes for me
I went clothes shopping with my son, and we both tried on some funny outfits while we were shopping.
I ate a warm brownie a friend brought to a meeting. 
Yesterday night I went to my uncle home to collect the rent amount of previous month, Yes when I was went there my uncle treated me with couple of sweets and chocolates, I was so happy and uncle given me extra money and he said take this money and enjoy with your friends and save this money for upcoming days expenses. I was excited and very happy. Thank you.
I was last happy earlier this afternoon when I went to a class I am taking. The class talks about changing yourself for the better. I have a few friends that also come so I was happy to see them as well. 
I did pretty well on a college test.
I rediscovered my faith after wrestling over the question of whether my religion improved my life or not.
today i went to the medic with my girlfriend and i was happy because i was with her
I ate a brownie. 
People contributed to a crowdfunding campaign for a project of mine.
It means when we get the desired one in our lif, that is 
the most happiest momen. the happiest movent is change to 
person to person and time to tie, as far as regarding my 
moment is concened when got admission in BA. 
Holding my baby for the first time made me happy
the happiest movement is change to person to person and time
to time, as far as regarding my happiest movement is
concerned when i completed my high school, it is definitely
an unforgettable movement for me all my family members was
waiting my result, it was just momentum movement,

I was happy to finally get a start date for my new job.
I bought freeze .
Morning my mother in law called me to meet her daughter, one and half month ago we had problem since she didn't make call to us, but today she called us and wanted to meet her daughter on coming Saturday. We both so happy that she forgive us and spoke with us.
the happiest moment in my life
the happiest moment in my life is when
im with someone special,shes been in my life
for almost 6years.whenever im with her i felt
complete,yes it may sounds weird but it is true.
I was praised by a teammate for saving everyone in the video game overwatch.
Yesterday night, food was empty in my PG. The owner saw and told to do dosai for me and I was happy. 
Hearing that my partner is living their new job
A small event that made me happy was all the birthday wishes I received for my birthday. I also got to spend time with my family.
After dinner, my wife and I played cards together and listened to classical music.
It made me happy when I was spending time with my boyfriend and he made me feel better about a problem I was having.
Got to watch a live acted "You've Got to Have Heart" from "Damn Yankees."
i went to a movie yesterday and i felt very happy to see that because the movie which i saw that was amazing concept and i felt very happy to see that.
I got off work early. 
I was able to plan a graduation for several of my students.
My favorite basketball team had a semi-critical game, and came out with a big win in exciting and entertaining fashion. 
I have done an internship in a company after that i went to an interview,i have faced so many rounds finally i got selected and i got a job at that time i felt very happy.
Today my father gifted me a new iphone. I was looking for a new phone from many days. And today he gifted me new phone. I am so excited and happy today. Love you dad.
 I got to go out with the missionaries and teacher religious lesson to somebody.
my 1 year 0ld girl  danced for a song today that makes me so happy
I ate a healthy meal.
I had a hard day at work so I randomly entered a bakery I've never been to and bought strawberry cheesecake. I ate strawberry cheesecake at 9 PM on a rainy day. 
Went to shopping with friends it was very happy moment
I got salary for this month and my salary was more than I expected.
 My wife and I booked a hotel for next week for a couple night getaway. 
My father brought me a hot fudge sundae from McDonald's unexpectedly.
My mother stopped by for a surprise visit.  
It rained and I slept in late and listened to the rain and storms.
I went to Hospital
My old friend send me a bouquet on my birthday yesterday, surprisingly happy.
A woman walking by complimented my hat.
My son said the word banana for the first time.
I ran 6 miles.
I went to Shopping Mall.
I discussed the latest episode of Bates Motel with my friend.
I watched Prison Break.
I passed my EMT course.
My roommate and I decided to put makeup on my boyfriend who willingly agreed to it.
I spent the morning catching up with my cousin at breakfast.
I watched a dog's purpose
I played dodgeball at night.
I reached my daily goal on mTurk.
yesterday was my favourite food for fish I am very happy
I played a nice online race game with my friend and won in that game.
The most happiest moment  I stil reckon when i came back from the first day of my school,  I was so excited and happy 
to attend my classes and meet with new friends.
I experienced happiness today while seeing how completely and utterly excited my English Bulldog was to be going for a car ride with me and my family to run errands.
My husband got visa and travelling onsite by next week
I had time to start on a coloring book after I came home from work.
Yesterday I Was gone for my relative function This Duration i like enjoy
I had a fun work trip.
I had my hair cut and highlighted today after waiting for a few months.
It made me happy to have dinner and a movie with my 6 year old daughter.
The wind finally quit blowing.
Yesterday my birthday celebration in my family members, friends or relatives.
Today I watched my favorite TV show called Designated Survivor and it was really fun to watch. 
The early father's day gift that I ordered for my husband arrived today and made him very happy, in return makes me very happy that he's happy.
I went out to the beach with my two best friends and we enjoyed lunch at a seafood restaurant overlooking the ocean. 
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I got to sleep for 8 hours without waking up.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
My ex-boyfriend and I had dinner! I feel cautiously optimistic that we are reconnecting. The dinner was lovely! Spending time with him again makes me happy. I missed him. Even if it doesn't work out romantically I do hope we can be friends forever.
My daughter told me that I was the best daddy in the world, then went on and said that each of our family members was "the best in the world."
I made $13.00 from Amazon Turk surveys.
went to my favourite concert yesterday
completed a major project
I cleaned up my house yesterday and i felt very happy about it.
Today was my day off, so I was able to relax and catch up on the news while laying in bed.
Watching birds (and also people to some extent) made me happy when I went for a walk in the park yesterday.
Last night my  friend GEORGE gift me gold chain on my birthday occasion its happiest event for me.
I win a soccer-game with my team
yesterday evening i attended one board meeting with my co-workers nice spoken by boss
In the past 24 hrs I went to see the drama n it was very nice drama with lots of comedy scenes in it .i was very happy to see this drama
I enjoyed happy hour with some coworkers at Dave and Busters after work.
I took my pitbull, Dexter, on a walk at a local state park.
YESTERDAY I WAS GONE FOR SUPERMARKET. IN MANY ITEM PURCHASED .
I got my renewed passport yesterday, so now we can for foreign vacations
I was able to get one part of my project working. This is the hardest step.
One of my happy events for today was when my wife was finally released from the hospital.
I got off of work a bit earlier than usual today.
My girlfriend took me out to get a milkshake to celebrate completing a longtime goal.
Watching a YouTube video about an explorer and a wild ocelot made me quite joyful for about  an hour.
Yesterday evening when I go back to my home, my little daughter was smiling seeing me at home. It makes me feel very happy.
That my internet is fixed. They sent a tech out to figure out the problem with it. It's working great now.
My grandma had her hip bone operation, which has little chance of success, and hers was successful.
I watched a video of my baby playing.
This afternoon I trimmed the orange tree in my backyard and also a bush beautifully.
The coin on a cryptocurrency exchange that I was hoping would drop in price so I could buy it, droppedd a lot in price and I was able to buy a lot of it for cheap.
I went to the gym
Me and my husband went for a movie last night 
I was a gifted a car which was used by my grand parents.
I took a nice and restful nap.
yesterday i helped old man who asking for food
Finally my car got new seat covers.
I went to a sporting goods store and bought a new golf putter.
Yesterday I came from Very long drive.I only ride the Bullet Bike.That was very thrilling experience to me. 
When I finally finished a chapter's worth of homework, it felt like a relief.
I went to the gym and got a crazy muscle pump, I felt amazing after.
I got to go rock climbing with some friends. 
I trimmed the hedges in my front yard.
I enjoyed watch movies with my sister
The road trip with my friends yesterday night made me feel happy
Hanging out with my buddy for lunch outdoors.
yesterday i helped old man who asking for food
i was happy to be able to spend time in the sun since i'm usually in the office working all day.
When my manager told me I was approved for a promotion
My dad was told he is cancer free.
I was driving to work this morning and was running late but miraculously I made all the traffic lights and arrived on time! 
I got to talk to an old friend.
I won an additional two ticket for monopoly game from Vons. 
in last night i got a mail from top mnc company i am selected for software engineer that company after i receive mail am enjoy a lot with  my family members.
I just today finished a big project for my electric circuits class. It took a lot of hard work and a while to complete. I think I did everything perfectly, too, so I'm hoping for an A+.
I bought my dad a new pole saw after his last one broke, we shared our first coconut from our coconut tree in ages; it made me happy to see him happy.
Went for shopping to buy casual wear for my daughter and enjoyed very much
It made me happy when my daughter looked at me and smiled.
Our family went to lord temple.its very spiritual place
My girlfriend went out of her way to pick me up from school, so I didn't have to take the bus when I was feeling sick.
Seeing my husband smile first thing this morning made me happy.
I modeled for a group of art students, and really loved the pieces they created during our session.
I trained my dog to not eat a treat I put on top of his head until I gave the command for him to eat it.
Today I got promoted.
I got my sons school pictures in today and they turned out really good.
I treated myself to take-out - a burger and fries - after my class.
I took my grandmother shopping.
I bought something on eBay today.
I got praise from my supervisor for work I had done.
Went to Shopping with my husband
I landed a really good internship!
Someone held the door for me when my hands were full while shopping.
My wife surprised me by cooking my favorite food which is macaroni and cheese.
thank you for this hit and i am learning and earning a lot of things from these hit it really making me very happy  and to day i m being warned by the people for the problem and solution and really liking it.
My daughter made me happy when she put her hat on backwards and said she was Nikki Bella.
I was able to come home on time.
I went to a friends house and we had a bbq in their backyard for dinner.
Dinesh was such a good boy last night on the lunge and was trying very very hard to do what was asked of him without getting panicky and throwing a resulting wobbler!
MY SISTER GOT SELECTED IN MUSIC COMPETITION IN FINAL ROUND OF SELECTION THIS WILL BE VERY HAPPY MOMENT IN MY LIFE  
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
My wife gave birth to a baby boy and this made me happy.
I went on a romantic date with my girlfriend.
I SAW MY CHILDHOOD FRIEND AFTER A LONG TIME.WE ENJOYED THAT MOMENT  AND WE RECOLLECT OUR OLD MEMORIES AND FELT VERY HAPPY.
I bought a new bicycle.
I played and beat the video game Arkham Origins: Blackgate after finding all of the tricky collectables. 
I made a lot more money yesterday than I had planned.
My favorite basketball team, the Warriors, clinched the #1 seed for the playoffs.
I'm happy. Today I go to the cinema with a loved one. This is a pleasant feeling. Cinema, pop korn and we are together.
Getting my act together and seeing a personal trainer to get started working out. 
I was able to contain a spending habit.
I WENT TO COLLEGE
I was able to talk with a friend who was released from the hospital after receiving treatment for a massive cell growth on his brain.  
I was playing a game with a friend that is turn based and he managed to keep up a good turn rate, which isn't common.  
I went to collage.
My refrigerator had stop working because I had left the door open on it, and my friend recommended to switch it off for a few hours and it will start working again and it did. 
I went outing with my group of friends yesterday after a long time and we all enjoyed very much 
I bought my wedding shoes!
i attended one orphanage programme and spend some time with kids
I got to spend time with my daughter for the first time in over a year.
I PLAYED WELL AFTERNOON ON LAST WEEK MY FRIENDS. THAT MOVEMENT WAS REALLY MAKE ME HAPPY
I recently completed an itinerary for a trip I will be taking in the next couple of months. I have been dreaming of going on a long road trip for the last 4 years and I am finishing the last pieces to make it happen. I have been slowly working toward a goal that I had set for myself to get out to nature and leave my desk behind. I will get to do it now!
my parent are help to me for my carriers . it make me feel very excited and happy . because they are very supported with my education and my carrier . my father work hard well for my carrier and future . i have to proud of my father . my father bought a car for me . i am so happy for this . i am so lucky to have this parent . 
I was happy when I prepared a new recipe that turned out to be a big hit with the family.  
My wife survived an elective surgery that she wanted to have.  She had some complications, but is going to come home today.  I am quite relieved.  
I got accepted for another assignment for the summer today. I had applied last week and my acceptance letter came today. Great!!!
I have the rest of this week, plus all of next week off from work.
My child won in a coloring contest and it made me happy
the day I got Doctorate with Distinction among our University, I feel very happy.
I was with my four nieces and the youngest one said that I was her favorite uncle.
My significant other did my laundry and put it away for me. 
TALK WITH FRIENDS AT NIGHT
this morning when out driving i saw the sheep in the fields and they had new lambs
PARTICIPATE THE FRIENDS BIRTHDAY PARTY
My boyfriend and I went to the grocery store yesterday evening and stocked up on groceries, finally got several non- dairy high protein dairy alternatives that I recently found out I needed to start having instead of the dairy, and cheap, natural, basic, non-chemical ingredients to use for cleaning, hygiene, and skin and hair care.
I bought some nice weightlifting gloves.
I texted with a friend.
I got my refund from a product I bought.
This HIT showed up on my mturk dashboard.
getting a great return
The sound of all the birds singing on a sunny Spring morning - there seem to be more of them each day.
I was able to locate an heirloom that was missing for years.
Yesterday I went to an ATM to try to activate my new debit card. The PIN had not been sent to me. The security man said that it was possible to activate the card using the machine. I tried and in 15 minutes I successfully activated my new card. And withdrew some money for daily use.
I finished a project late last night for my Computer Science program design course that was due this morning.
I talked with a friend I hadn't talked with in a long time.
I got free stuff at work today.
I celebrated my older brother's birthday today, and we had a a great time with family.
I met my close college buddies after long time, we recalled old memories and had fun together.
One event that made me happy was when my cousin called to tell that she was going to give me and her niece's mother a joint birthday party next month since our birthdays are only a day apart.
Ate delicious fruits.
For the first time all week, I got a great night sleep last night --- almost six hours!
TODAY I WENT TO HOSPITAL WITH MY SISTER. THE DOCTOR TOLD MY SISTER IS PREGNANT. THAT WAS VERY HAPPY MOMENT FOR THAT. TODAY I AM VERY HAPPY.
YESTERDAY WE ARE ALL GONE FOR TEMPLE IN MADURAI.
One of my favorite TV series started its second season!
One of my brothers stopped by and brought be a box of See's Candy.
Today I got a new bike
Getting my hair coloured and being grey-less again made me happy. 
I was happy when I had 15+ minute conversations with two strangers; I have social phobia and tend to avoid doing so at all costs.
my daughter called to report that she had gone to the veterinarian with her dog and that the vet is satisfied with the dog's recovery.
I went out to eat with my wife last night and we had a few drinks.
to day i take leave to enjoy with my family
Managed to book the hotel that I wanted for the Easter holidays.
I had a nice hot shower on a cold day.
I am visiting my son his family , after dinner last night my 5 year old granddaughter came up to me ,gave me a hug and said "I love you papa" .
i went a place where there totally green in nature with full of trees and covered with green grass which gave full happiness
Yesterday was the day that I graduated from my 120 day outpatient drug treatment  program!
Yesterday the weather was perfect for running after work. It's generally a bit cool at that time but it's getting better. 
I finally made it home after a long day of traveling and layovers. 
to day i finished my project
I met my new neighbors. 
Something that made me happy was going for a walk with my son while he rode his tricycle, taking in the world around him.
I got a new episode of a TV show that I had been waiting for.
My girlfriend stopped by to visit and played with the dog.
I made money from my job yesterday.
A new episode of Star Trek Continues came out and I had time to watch it.
I WENT TO TEMPEL
I got to leave work early (having a day off tomorrow). 
I ate at Roscoes Chicken and Waffles and got my favorite item off of the menu--the Obama Special. It was so good.
I had a nice meal last night.
I met up with a friend.
A friend from far away came to visit for the day.
I have saved up a lot of money and want to use it to do some remodeling on my house.  Last night I had the contractor come by to do a walk-through so he could give me an estimate and I can finally get started on this project.  
Today, I got a gift from my girlfriend after a long time.
One of those non-jumpy moments for me was when I finished my third gig ever as guitarist, and first one where I sang. My crush (and also good friend. Not the one mentioned before though) came up to me and said: "I'm so proud of you". It sounds simple, but it meant a great deal to me.
I received a refund check in the mail.
Going for outing on beach,  gardening my house make me happy, watching movies in multiplex makes me happy
Today at work I successfully finished the project I was working on from last five days. Creating and putting a lot of work into something, and being able to see the end result always make me happy.
I had a test at the university and I did pretty good, I left the classroom smiling. The night before I was studying hard and I was feeling pretty bad because I couldn't understand much. But the test was easier than expected, and the result should be higher than my expectations.
My brother bought a car that is most comfortable and luxury 
I went to my uncle's place last night. I was really happy to meet him after a long time. We chatted a lot and this made me happy. 
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO SHOPPING
i brought new dresses for my parents
I WENT TO TEMPEL
Played soccer with my kids.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I was trying to book a flight ticket but there were issues with my credit card. I called on someone and it was resolved. Flight booked successfully.
One event that made me happy was going hunting for mushrooms in the forest. 
I purchased a new to me car for a very reasonable price.  It is my first vehicle, and I am very happy.
I went to the club with my friends last night and had a great time and i was happy.
My favorite baseball team won an exciting game that went into extra innings
I gave away all my reward tickets to kids at the school where I work.
I did well during an interview and seemed to impressive those who were interviewing me.
I got a call from a old college friend after a long time.
I had bought a mango flavored fruit smoothie at a store near work today. It was so good.
i went to beach to day
I passed my presentation in class with flying colours, and was well praised by my instructor.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was when I spent time hanging out with my friend.
I was happy that I have a serious chance to win money in my recently completed challenge. 
Went to temple with all family members after a long time in this present busy life.
Landed a new client in my business.
playing tag football with friends
yes I have a past 24 hours happy moment that is my child birth.
My husband won money gambling.
I was happy that my cat had a successful teeth cleaning.  He had to go under with drugs and that made my wife and me a bit nervous.
I picked my daughter up from school and found out she got a 97 on a test she took that she was worried would be a hard test.
I led and completed a really hill road bike ride at a record pace.
I got my grocery shopping done for the week.
when i Got home from work and my sister gave me some money which made me happy and i thanked her.
I was able to get all of the laundry done and folded before my husband got home and he was so happy.
I have finally found a doctor willing perform a necessary, but risky operation that will help drastically improve my day to day life.
I cooked dinner last night and it tasted really awesome!
My housemate left one of my favorite yogurts for me, for breakfast.
My friend sent some pictures of his hike on the Appalachian Trail.
One of the major things that makes me happy about my new job is that I was able to spend the entire day outside ( yes I played kickball for 7 hours and got sunburnt....) BUT I was able to be outside all day.
In the past 24 hours something that made me happy is that one of my dogs that ran away came back home. 
I watched a new episode of the "Scify" show "The Expanse" last night.
In the morning i was happy due to find many HITS on Mturk. i did around 2 hours work and earn $10.00 in 2 hours.
I listened as my 5-year-old read a book to me.
My daughter and her friend were able to have a play date even with the bad weather.
My chinese food arrived and it was good - very high quality for a low price. 
I had a couple friends come over for a drink last night.
I was able to get to bed really early after my daughter had fallen asleep.
Purchased a New Air Cooler for my home to sleep with a cool mind.
Wrote a long Email to a family friend.
I watched a funny sitcom that I enjoy. 
The weather turned milder and it felt like spring!
I had a great talk with a colleague about our professional aspirations. 
My daughter got a job. She has an MBA and the top certification for HR and has been searching for a job to match her qualifications for the last 2 months. Yesterday she called to tell me that she stars next Monday. She will be HR Director and office manager until they hire an Office Manager then she will be HR Director only.
I was able to have my favorite meal last night for dinner and it was cooked perfectly
One of my reference letter writers submitted the letter for my fellowship
My mom made me cupcakes that were vegan after I got back from my driving test.
I made a new soup recipe in the crock pot, so dinner was ready when I got home from work.
I went to play golf with a friend.
Went to bed early and got a good night's sleep.
Found out I could stream the Mets games!
I got a free item from chick fil a.
Go to eat sweets with my daughter
I was able to attend a Lenten service at my church without fear of showing my beliefs.
Getting a workout in. I'm a very busy stay at home mom and my daughter hasn't been napping that great. She finally wooed long enough for me to work out and it felt great! 
My friend and I went out for a drink and conversation.
A friend invited me to attend the Tigers' home opener on Friday which would be a real treat. 
I resisted the urge to sleep in and instead completed a couple of tough workouts. 
I had dinner with a group of friends at a local restaurant .
I was able to complete several tasks at work yesterday which made me the top performing supervisor at my facility.
Having a piece of chocolate hazelnut pound cake for breakfast. It was unexpectedly delicious and was a good start to the day.
I got a phone call from a friend. 
Making it through an intense storm without any damage to my home and family.
Went to Kumbakonam temple after long years which made me happy
Getting a compliment from my supervisor made me happy.
My favorite shows Designated Survivor and Blindspot was on and was really good last night. TV has been very boring and both were really good episodes
I signed on a large new client at work Monday and were already most of the way through integration. Will help me a lot financially and give me a lot more freedom.
I spent quality time with my family. 
I watched a movie with my friends.
I caught up with a cousin who just got back from overseas.
Trying to get out of the house more often, last night i went to my daughters school play of Beauty and the Beast. She was a narrator and did a wonderful job.
I was able to teach my dog how to properly shake.
I got to have a super tasty coconut latte
I went to bed early for the first time in months. 
I finished a book that I have been reading and it was excellent. 
I got off work.
I met up with a woman I am interested in and we took a long walk and talked about a lot of stuff.
My son finished all his community service hours required to graduate High School.
I went out to dinner with my mom who I hadn't seen for a while.
My son got job so I am feeling happy
I found a cheap electronic cigarette starter kit on the internet. 
Yesterday my two year old kept singing a silly song to me.  
The girl who made my coffee at Starbucks made a really cool smiley face out of the cream on top of my drink.
Yesterday I went to publix and they made me a giant wrap at no extra charge.
We did not get very severe storms last night like I thought we were, which make me happy.
My husband came home early from work, and I surprised him with a cookie.
I put up the blinds all by myself in the bedrooms yesterday.
We received our wedding pictures and they are absolutely beautiful!
Last night I went to book club and enjoyed the company of good friends.
I made my mturk goal of $60 and was actually $10 over it.
 I got to leave work a little bit earlier than normal.
I had work off today to do other errands!
I discovered a small crack in an engine block that was covered by warranty at the shop= saved me thousands of dollars 
I made my favorite dinner last night.
I received a job offer with a competitive compensation.
I met a couple of my buddies from high school yesterday, after a long time.
Attending with my mother, father and sister to the act where i've received my college degree.
Today I met one of my old friend and talk with him old matters.
i have finished level 2 on a German learning app.
I woke up this morning to my newborn still sound asleep, time for that cup of coffee all to myself.
I was happy when I was watching a movie with my kid and spending quality time together.
I went to Target and was able to find several really cute craft kits for my daughter and I to put together all for less than $10.  I was so excited to find so many things we can do for such a small price.  Not only was I happy about the small price but I was happy about the fun she and I will have.  
I finished the assignment for my class this afternoon yesterday, far earlier than I usually finish it.
Getting an A in my history class. 
Won Real Madrid
I met out a friend for their birthday and bought them a shot.
I had enough extra money this way to go to my favorite restaurant for dinner.
I went out to dinner with my partner last night.
A meeting with my co-worker discussing how the department we work in has received numerous appreciation from the CEO
I got some good hockey tickets to the last home game of the season for a pretty good price.
I am currently looking for another job and received a phone call from a potential employer. we did a phone interview, and then she asked for me to come in for an in person interview today. I am excited and feel very blessed that I have been able to find an employer that would take an interest in me.
I ordered six new chicks for my flock. 
Steve Bannon was removed from the NSC and the world got a tiny bit safer.
When I saw my Husband entering the house after a day long work at office, I feel very happy.
My Motoped was finally delivered.
I sat down after a long day yesterday to watch a YouTube video about collecting memorabilia.
The chicken I made for dinner last night was amazing.
Getting coffee and breakfast for my fiancee to start our anniversary off right.
Last night I went to therapy and I feel like I am finally getting somewhere with dealing with depression.
I was happy going for a walk in the sunshine with my partner yesterday.
I completed my first report at my new job.
I went to attend a party with my friends their a drinker was in unconscious state but rescued him and handover to his family. It was happy
My daughter telling me I am a great mom after my ex's girlfriend decided to verbally attack me.
I watched a sentimental commercial as part of another survey.
I was happy when my friend mowed my lawn yesterday.
Woke up to a ton of bonuses in my email.
I got a new dishwasher
My brother came from abroad and he give me a watch
My husband got a new video game that he was really excited about and was in a particularly good mood. It makes me happy when he's happy.
I completed a large audit perfectly at work when I don't usually do that work.
I got a information from producer, been selected for TOP brand modelling, that day feel great
Today i got an unexpected leave from my work.
I completed a garden project, making a raised bed.
My uncle came to my home today and he tell some jokes.
Got a surprise phone call from my best friend of 45 years yesterday.  She lives overseas, so it is rare that we talk on the phone.  She called knowing I was going through some health issues and just wanted to say she loves me and that everything will be fine!  She is the best ever.  Feeling loved :)
It rain really hard last night which helps with my pollen allergies this morning, plus the rain cleaned my house and car.
Taking my children to daycare for the first time in years made me happy yesterday. 
I was happy when my family and I went out to dinner last night.  My child behaved and I ate a good meal.
Saw the new SHIELD episode.
I went out to dinner for my moms birthday.
I was happy when I took my daughter to swim class, and she did a great job.
I applied for a new job.
I went for a long walk with my dogs.
I was happy that I was able to empathize with my spouse even though our marriage is at the end of the road.
I was able to complete a travel job for work in one day when I was originally scheduled to be there for one week.
My wife made me breakfast this morning.
I watched several episodes of Justified with my husband.  
I reconnected with an old friend via email.
I made a cup of coffee that was perfectly sweetened to my taste.
We spotted another problem with my car that would have destroyed the engine if we had not and we spotted it just in time!
I was really happy at work when I had completed all of the tasks assigned in a timely manner with extra time to spare for myself. 
I found out my boss is going to be away today which made me very happy!
When I was lifting weights at the gym I squatted 220, this made me happy because it is a new record for me. 
I watched one of my favorite YouTubers videos for a while.
We found out my husband got a second job that we need so much!
Figured out a solution to my project issue
I met my friend who was traveling to New England.
I watched my daughter at dance class.
I was happy when I watched a documentary on animals and wild-life. 
I was able to go for a run yesterday before the storms hit.
My hair is having a great day...makes me feel good.
I was able to get a bunch done at work and get a case closed in time without much effort.  It had been stressing me out a lot.
I received a text out of blue from a girl I like and we texted throughout the day.
I had dinner with my best friend.
Getting enough break in the rain to bug spray.
I finished my coursework in time.
My husband made a fresh pot of coffee this morning, it was waiting for me when I woke up.
My husban picked up dinner without me asking
my daughter went to hindi class yesterday after a deep discussion because she is not interested in going to special class during her summer vacation. i am happy that she went to the class.
I won a contract for a gig among many competitors
I got tickets to a concert of one of my favorite bands.
My son won two awards at his cub scout meeting yesterday evening, which really makes the hard work worth it!
My picky kids ate what I cooked for supper last night.
made love to my wife
I got to spend time working on a couple of my hobbies that I haven't had time for lately.
I enjoyed playing a game with my best friend.
I bought a new keyboard for my computer. 
It made me happy to attend our worship service in the Church.
My daughter told me she loved me and she was glad that I was her dad and not someone else as I was trying to help her feel better since she was sick.
Watching Moana with my kids.
Me and my coworkers had lunch at a new restaurant near our workplace
I made up with my girlfriend.
Hello,
I have been watching Mooji youtube channel where he says dont mingle with the mind for few mins. So i just let off my thoughts entirely but then the thought came up after few mins, but then i was just watching them and not getting involved with the thoughts. There was some happiness inside me which lasted for 1 hour and then the thoughts again started to push me to think about time and responsibilities. But during this one hour i was the most happiest for nothing. 
Last week when i saw my girlfriend after 2 month she was out of the country, i felt so alive
I would say that my spiritual practices made me happy. Last night I sat down on my comfy couch, and got into meditative position to begin my meditation practice. I put on some spiritual music and began to zone out. I felt a sense of letting go of all the stresses in the world. I felt like I was connecting to my true self. I felt all the troubles of the world melt away, and I just enjoyed the peace and tranquility of meditation and spiritual practice. 
My friend called me after 6 months to invite me for her wedding 
My husband and I laughed about terrible 90's sports movies for about an hour last night.
I got to get my boyfriends puppy and keep him on an overnight visit
It was my sons public exam .I was very happy because my son has written the exam in a best way.I was very happy because I am sure that he would score high marks in the exams
My husband took a half day at work yesterday, that way he could spend time with his buddy (who was in town for an interview) before he left. It was just a pleasant morning and we were able to all go to lunch.
My wife and I went for long a walk in the park behind our house.
Taking all my children to eat and play at McDonalds. 
I went to temple meet my school friend. I am very happy and speak to her then we are meet the school friends. 
remaining the school memorable day. we are enjoyed and very happy.
Actually yesterday evening i was playing hide and seek with my sisters cute little girl, which made me feel really very happy.
Woke up to my husband cooking me bacon for breakfast. That's a great way to wake up in the morning.
Yesterday I was go to product promotional event. This event was really unbelievable. I enjoy this event and feel so happy. This is amazing experience in my life about event.
I got solar panels hooked up and can watch TV from the sun.
My wife bent over in front of me on purpose.  This sounds ridiculous but, for medical reasons, we have unable for several weeks to do what married people do.  My wife is not an exhibitionist by any means but, for a playful second, she deliberately gave me a little thrill.
My happiest moment was when I gave birth to my son. After nine long months of waiting to meet him, at last that day
came. I was just so happy, and its unexplainable!
I had to work from home yesterday because weather was too severe for me to go into the office.
My friend Liz came over to hang out last night, and brought her playstation for me to borrow.
I did not receive a return txt from someone I am one day late on therefore making it seem like I can pull off the 5 late fee!
I went to a trivia contest with friends.
I feel better today. The last few days I have been sick with a stomach ache. I feel great and looking forward to having a fun day.
Being able to see my grandmother who I haven't spoke to in years.
I got some birthday presents in for my girlfriend.
I wanted to switch my job and got a job offer yesterday.
I was able to play with my two boys at a park.  It was fun to watch them have so much fun playing together.
A friend of mine confirmed that our project is on the right path and will be completed.
A girl I liked asked me to spend some time with her
The thought that the weekend is almost here and the weather is beautiful made me very happy.
I went to the gym and set a new lifting record.
I was happy because I completed 5 "ninja" tracks in the video game "Trials Fusion" in a single session.
We went to a new hot pot place opened by a family friend and had some great food. 
I was very happy to get a good night's sleep last night.
My daughter moved back home.
I called my brother and caught up on life.
I purchased few pet bird today.
My family came to visit me at my house.
my favorite show came back on tv for a new season.
My friend and I went outing today in a tourist place.
I had a fun, informal lunch with my committee 
I went to bed early last night.
I was happy to go home and see my family after a long day of work.
Playing an old game I had totally forgot about for the first time in years, it's called Age of Empires.
I made homemade soup for my sick kids and they loved it.
I watched a movie with my daughters.
today attended a religious offering conducted by a temple  with my family and it was so peaceful and gave me immense pleasure and happy
I was able to relax and drink a cup of coffee this morning. 
I taught a new class of children at work, and some learned my name and said they liked me.
I had time to eat my oatmeal in the office uninterrupted
I just came from a trip and I found a gift on my dresser from my aunt. It had a letter saying I know I was suppose to give you this months ago but I did not forget and my mind is still good. She always said that and I could not stop laughing.
MY Mc Frapp
I was making coffee this morning and when I looked out the window there were 3 deer in my backyard.
I chatted online with a few friends regarding current events. 
my daughter and i went out to dinner together just the two of us and had a great time.
I went to dinner with my daughter and that made me happy.
I finally mopped my kitchen
My daughter sat next to me and read me a few books and it was just a nice time spent with her. 
I went to my favorite Mexican restaurant and had the Cabo Blanco.
I had a delicious dinner that made me feel nice and full
I transferred mechanical turk money to my bank account for the first time and bought diner for myself and a colleague using that money!
This HIT keeps coming up, it brings a smile to my face each day!
I bought my ticket back to NYC and can't wait to get home and relax!
I talked to an old friend over the phone for about 30 minutes last night. 
i was happy last night when i hit a tough goal in the video game i've been playing
I finished my guitar pedal board.
I won a competitive match in a video game that I like to play. It was not going well at first, but when we turned it around and won, I was pretty happy.
My son, from across the country, called to chit chat.
Took my wife shopping
I baked bread last night and put salt on it while watching videos on my phone.
I watched my daughter play polo at school and she was so happy.
I met a friend and we had dinner together. 
I made love to my husband
I was trying to get my 11 month old son to walk and he is closer then ever to doing it.
I watched my daughter dance yesterday at class.
I made a really good pizza with my girlfriend
Yesterday was my birthday and although I told my fiance that he had done enough for my birthday he still stopped on his way home from work and got me a card, flowers and a small cake
Me fixing my headset.
I am happy because this is the last day I will be working for the nest week. I get to have myself a little vacation time. 
I watched an episode of my favorite show last night.
This morning I came into the living room and sat down in my chair. My three year old son was sitting in the other chair. He looked at me and said "Good morning Daddy, How are you?" I was floored because my son has delayed speech and generally does not put multiple words together unless he is repeating after someone else.
I tried a new salmon recipe last night and it turned out really well.
I am an insomniac and I was able to sleep well last night.
I watched my favorite show with my wife before bed. 
We have a bonded pair of geese outside my job and the male is young, and a little aggressive because the female just laid eggs. They aren't able to be moved, so instead of complaining about them, my boss actually put up a temporary fence to protect them, make them feel safe and to dissuade them from going after anyone. I love that he cares enough to do something so nice.
Working out at the gym.
Yesterday when I was jumping on the trampoline with my small children, I was very happy. I havent gotten to spend very much one on one time with them lately, so It was especially fun to jump around with them and watch them laughing and playing. I even took out my camera and took pictures of it to remember the good time we were having together.
I went to the grocery store and saw that blackberries were on sale. I love berries so I bought a couple of pints. Then while I was in the store it dawned on me that I could make some nice turnovers so I bought puff pastry too. Then I came home and made awesome berry turnovers. They were delicious!
My friend has been ill and he told me this morning that he has turned a corner, and is going to get well!
We got a new tiller for the garden and it works great.
My granddaughter gave me a hug and told me she loves me.
There were ducks in my lawn walking around and then they were floating around the pool.
I felt happiness when I got my Fitbit in the mail.
My baby nephew came over to see me for the first time in a while, and as soon as he saw me, he yelled my name and ran across the room to give me a big hug and kiss.
I had a lunch at house of my mother and it was great.
I read a book to my daughter in the morning, and that made me happy. 
I went out on a date with my girlfriend.
I watched an Indians baseball game on my computer.
I got to play with my baby daughter and make her laugh.
After work yesterday late afternoon, my wife and I stopped in the chapel to pray.  We do this every afternoon after I get off of work and it always brings me a sense of inner peace.  I love our mutual fidelity with our lives so rooted in prayer before the Lord Jesus whom we believe to be truly present in the Blessed Sacrament.
When I arrived home last night I learned that my daughter had come home to do laundry during the day.  She left me a surprise of a meal from my favorite restaurant in the fridge.  
The thought that I am getting off from work 3 hours early today is making me happy.
Watched my NBA team play and win a game
It really made me happy when my husband came to visit me at work.
I found out that I rare book that I own is worth a lot of money.
I watched a show on netflix with my wife. 
I got three free lance project requests within an hour and signed all as clients!
Purchasing a new water heater to be installed. 
The first happy event that happened to me was when I completed my day of work and got to leave. I felt accomplished and relieved that I finally got to go home and relax.
I watched the season premiere of Archer on FXX.
My husband told me the spaghetti i made was the best he had ever had.
I had a positive and uneventful ob/gyn appointment, confirming that our child's development is still on target five months into pregnancy.
I was happy to see Angus emailed me back.
I was very excited to see that the Miami Heat were able to keep their playoff hopes alive. 
Things are pretty slow at work today and I get to make some cash on turk. 
My 7 year old came home from school with a drawing he had made of our family. I felt such happiness and pride that he feels so strongly about the love he has for us.
I went out to eat dinner with my family at a nice restaurant. 
When I was able to make some progress on a project I've been working on all week.
I saw my younger cousin for the first time in a few years and had the chance to catch up with her.
My 2 year old daughter really started having back and forth conversations with me which makes me happy to start to understand her needs and wants better.
My friend invited me to her birthday brunch later this month in D.C.
I have been looking for a desk for my son for the past couple weeks. I had my heart set on finding an old roll top desk that I can refinish (my new hobby). Everyone I came across was so expensive. Then yesterday morning I found one online for FREE! It is in great shape and I pick it up this weekend! 
I had a fantastic pizza for dinner.
I worked with my girlfriend to build a garden and plant some vegetables in the backyard.
Finally finding my favorite cookies back in stock at the grocery store.
My boyfriend made me bacon this morning for breakfast. He knows I hate mornings and got up a bit earlier than me and had it ready for me when I was done getting dressed so all I had to do was eat and go.



On my way to work I received a text message from my Manager advising me that I need not come in to work today due to no work being available, I have worked so hard these past few months and I was extremely happy that I could spend the day relaxing at home with my play station. 
My kids spent the morning making a "ride" out of blankets and pillows and I pulled them around the house on it while we all laughed.
I got to stay home and relax, which is really important as an introvert so I was very happy.
I had a delicious dinner of homemade chicken tenders with orange sauce.  The tenders were crispy just like I like them.
My jewelry making supplies arrived!
My husband was able to come home early from work and surprise me. I was very happy at seeing him and having extra time to spend with him.
I got my car serviced which was beginning to stress me out yesterday morning.
My husband was on TV twice talking about our upcoming symphony concert.
In the last day I attended a home inspection for a home I am buying for myself and my family. All of the checks pasted and it looks like I'll be able to move in after the loan closes.
I found huge, natural casing hot dogs on sale.
Playing a new game I've received
my wife and I went to bed early and watched TV and snuggled.
My daughter won a prize at school for her reading, and she was so excited about her book gifts.
I picked up my dog from my parents' house, and I hadn't seen him in over a week.
My wife and I are ahead, for the first time in a long time, on our bills. We're almost done with April and it's only the 6th.
For about fifteen minutes, I watched the two mated geese on the lawn of the building I work in as they grazed near to each other and their nest.
Some kids in the youth group asked really good questions and contributed greatly to the discussion.
I took a road trip with a very good friend. We saw a motorized parachute guy and pulled the car over watched him for several minutes. Without saying a word, we both agreed to pull over and watch. Being in the moment who shares the same ideas and enjoys the same things is priceless.
today i was happy because i watched steve harvey
Today is my wedding day. My first marriage anniversary was celebrated with excess of joy. Wow it is unbelievable. 
I witnessed my 1-year-old daughter put on her own coat.  
My long time friend called and we talked for a while. We mostly talked about the things we did together in the past and how fun it would be if we were to hang out again.
I didn't have to go to work due to weather.  
My daughter is expected to submit three projects in two days and I am happy in being able to fully complete two and bring out my creative skills I did not know I have.
Received a reply mail from a friend of my college days. I heard from a common friend that he is going to attend an interview next week. Being experienced in that domain, I sent a mail offering my guidance for his interview preparation. He replied positively and remembered me the days I used to help him in passing his backlogs and how we had fun during evenings at food courts.  
I went to get dessert today, there was a place that sells flan and other sweets, I had too much but I was very satisfied.
I was playing video games, and managed to beat a boss that was extremely difficult. 
I ordered a new office chair for my computer setup, which I've needed to do for awhile.
I was able to go for a walk with my dog for the first time in a few days-due to rain.
I lost my virginity this morning,i was very happy to find someone whom i love.
I feel better about the apartment i'm going to be moving to in a couple of weeks, that made me mildly happy.
We qualified for a house loan and were able to get the house we loved.
I had a surprise invitation to my neighbors for dinner. 
I received a compliment from a client at work that made me feel really proud of my work.
I noticed a couple of girls checking me out at the gym a couple hours ago :)
Taking a trip to Boulder City and hanging out at the park with my girlfriend feeding the birds.
I went to hang out with a friend for a little while.
I was happy to see my favorite baseball team winning their game tonight.
talking to friends 
Celebration for completing the crew with my mates
My mother finally decided she wanted to take a vacation to Washington.
I was able to leave work early
I suppose making dinner together would be something that made us happy. We like making our own special dishes for each other.
I got to see someone I really like.
Found some beers leftover in the fridge I forgot I had in the bottom drawer.
I have been sick for the past three days and when I woke up this morning, I noticed that I am starting to feel better.
I was happy when I got free coffee. 
I passed a manual verification of my website when it falsely was labeled as malware.
I saw a mother breastfeed her baby and it made me happy because it was so inherently maternal.
Someone whose help I really, badly needed perfectly understood what I was trying to communicate without my having to explain it in detail.
I found a long lost Tiffany earring randomly today cleaning my apartment.
I made a clever joke to my family and they all cracked up!
My wife had her performance review at work and received a raise.
I was told that i could take the day off from work tomorrow so im planning on going out with the kids.
I put a load of washing in the machine.
I read a new thriller by my favorite author.
go to hotel,park,cinema,beach and enjoyed the celebration
Listening to a new pastor at lent services today and actually getting what he was saying.  You need to "see" people!  
I ate at a favorite restaurant.
Cleaning out my car
I was happy when my dog greeted me when I came home from work.
I fixed a leaky faucet that was bothering me.
I don't like grocery shopping,especially by myself, so I was very happy when my husband agreed to come to the grocery store with me today.
I went to the grocery store and I only had to get deodorant and an older women who had a cart full of items let me go in front of her.
I ran out for cardio early in the morning 
My son willingly helped me spring clean the hallway. 
I found out that I have 3 tows left with AAA.
Being able to watch a new television show that I had never seen before.
I got to see my parents for the first time in two weeks.
I received a phone call from my brother.
I was on a dating app and I started talking to a girl that seems interesting.
My big zit finally went away.
I actually just started a new job that has made me very happy. I've been praying for this job and it's like God made it open just for me.
It made that i got a promotion by this week was really fantabulous
My daughter brushed my hair, which is very relaxing.
I ate snacks from a treat basket with my mom.
I took a nap ion the middle of the day
I was able to get a close parking spot to my apartment. 
I got a bag of cheetos.
Watching my favorite team win a baseball game
I had a nice midnight bike ride with the whole road to myself.
I created a useful screen cast at work.
Talking to my significant other over the phone made me happy
I got a new character in a mobile game a play that is pretty good.
I got paid today and I had extra money for entertainment.
I was happy when I had my favorite ice cream for dessert.
I played tennis with my son and went to the gym.
My dog didn't throw up when it looked and sounded like she would.
I was happy today because the weather was warm and I got to take a walk outside. 
Caught up with an old friend of mine over text. We made plans to get dinner, and that gets me excited. 
I met a cute girl at the gym and we talked briefly. I expect to see her again.
Being outside on a warm, sunny day
Playing with my neighbor's baby daughter.
Surfing the web and playing games in my office because I had a really uneventful day at work.
Yesterday i attended my friends marriage function and i was very happy to see all of my old friends.
I recently caught up with a lot of new album releases.
I got to eat dinner with my whole family. We are usually really busy do I love it when we do.
My husband asked what kind of cake I would like for my birthday so he could order one.
I watch a little boy during the day.  He told me today, "You are the best daycare lady in whole planet, your pretty awesome, your the best!"  
Dangerous storms in my state passed over my area with minor damages.
A coworker brought me a cookie from a great local bakery to thank me for helping him on a project.
when I went to the vending machine at work there was already a dollar credit and all I needed was a quarter to buy a soda, which I found on the sidewalk minutes before.
After work, I ordered some take-out online and it got to my apartment within 20 minutes, far faster than expected.
I went to a baseball game. 
I picked up another music gig.
My husband needed my help to decide if he should by an I-Phone to use for work, and he took my advice. 
I joined my friends party for his new home.
My dog was acting healthy again.
Having a co worker tell a funny story about someone walking in on her the bathroom.
I talked to some friends on twitter and we joked about things.
I got some of my backlog of work done
I successfully accessed my retirement account, after it was locked for quite a long time.
I went hiking on a looking route and ended up riding a horse for fun.
My niece celebrated her birthday today and we were able to talk via Skype, which was nice. 
I watched my favorite episode of Breaking Bad
The rain stopped right as I went outside to smoke a cigarette.
I got a natural high from mixing cement this morning. I started work with my boss and fellow co-worker at 12 pm today and we were transporting heavy bags of cement mix to a roof that was leaking. Then we had to mix them by hand and all of this together was very physically demanding work. We worked for three hours straight and after finishing I got a natural high from all the physical exercise. It made me happy to feel this way and to feel strong. It was very satisfying to learn a new skill and know that I can do it well.
I got new glasses, and they actually stay on my face without falling down my nose!
Got an Icee from the gas station.
I ate a salad on the screened in porch with my girlfriend.
My workout this morning was very successful and I maxed out many of my weights, which made me very happy.
I got off work and texted a cute girl.
I went to eat Pho at lunch. 
Watching a Paul Rudd movie I've never seen before.
It was a banana slug.
My daughter did well in her final exam literature paper
Another small even that made me happy was going to Grocery Outlet and getting a great deal on some canadian bacon, yogurt, and other grocery items. Being poor means I don't usually get to eat decent stuff or even healthy stuff. But 2 pounds of bacon for one dollar, and lots of yogurt for a few dollars, and vegetables and fruits, shopping frugal and yet getting delicious things made me free proud and happy. I got brown rice and beans and some ground turkey too for very cheap. I made turkey burritos last night and breakfast burrito this morning so I was very happy and full. 
I made decent sales today in my online store
Today, I came up with a potential business idea that I'm excited to test out.
I received a notification about an investor meeting that I'd been waiting on.
spending time with my husband makes me happy and it makes me happy for awhile.
My brother let me borrow $20 
Bought a new kids bike for my 2 years old daughter
I watched a movie with my kids.
When I went to buy a shirt I wanted this afternoon at the mall, the clerk advised me it was on sale that day so I saved even more than I thought!
I accomplished completing my lectures that are so important for my career goals.
I picked my mom up from the airport after her safe journey to and from The Masters Golf Tournament.
Cooking a successful dinner for my wife. 
I ate mochi for breakfast and it was delightful.
I supported and helped my friend build his website.
Seeing migratory birds in the nearby paddy fields for the first time
My friend and I destroyed some opposing team gyms and discouraged their players playing pokemon go. 
My Cousin become father on today
The interlibrary loan order for Thomas Frank's new book arrived.
Yesterday the school management announced the cash prize for my son's out performance and we are glad to receive it today. 
At my daughter's piano lesson they had a new siting area that was super nice and had half an hour block to relax.
I successfully managed our subcontractors today while my boss was off work.
My mom cooked dinner because my brother and I were over.
I just found a movie that I enjoy on our cable company's on demand service.
Hung out with some friends and got some food at a restaurant.
I met up with one of my future roommates and went house hunting.
The weather was beautiful today so I decided to meditate outside
My boss stood up for me against an unreasonable client.
I cleaned my room and did my laundry, it helped me feel more at ease
Cooked a healthy dinner, kielbasa with roasted summer squash, zucchini, red and yellow peppers.
My sons came after a picnic with their friends and they were very happy and they expressed their love and gratitude to me for giving them personal freedom.
I found out that I don't have to go to work tomorrow 
My older daughter patted baby daughter on head and tried singing to her.
I was walking through downtown Minneapolis on my way home and I heard that Oasis song "Don't Look Back In Anger" come blaring out of the loudspeakers in front of a restaurant. I stood there and listened to the whole song (I love that song).
Made a new type of dessert.
I played basketball and won
Seeing that my newly planted Icelandic Poppy didn't die like my husband said it would and in fact is thriving in its new spot with three new flowers that just bloomed! 
My daughter invited me out to breakfast.
It was a warm sunny day today!
I watched a funny episode of Tosh.o and it entertained me.
I listened to the rain.
I reached my daily goal of $25 on Mturk yesterday.
I had my favorite meal, thai green curry. 
i played cards in the evening hours with my friends, though i lost some amount of money i enjoyed those moments

Having an iced coffee from Starbucks.
I completed two of my work assignments that I considered putting off.
I met a friend today for lunch.  It was so great getting a chance to catch up with my friend.
I found a parking space at the mall next to the doors.
I'm reached my native with my family
Completing my anthropology 102 test and feeling pretty good about it.
I was so happy today because my coworker paid for my chair massage.  
I listened to some music as I studied some work material. 
I got to eat food from my favorite restaurant in celebration. Not a big deal to some, but a huge deal to me!
My wife made tortellini with alfredo sauce. She specifically bought alfredo sauce for me because she knows how much I prefer it.
The food I had for lunch was delicious and made me happy.
I received an unexpected email today from a friend who hasn't been in touch.  It really cheered me up.
I booked a trip to Florida a couple hours ago. 
I ate a nice dinner at my church tonight 
I made a funny image.
I was happy when I started turking
My son used his potty chair for the first time!
Went to the grocery store to purchase lamb chops which I cooked for my wife and myself for dinner. 
Finishing laundry after spending three hours at the laundromat.
My aunt stopped by for a few minutes and brought her dog Boo Boo who I love to see, pet, and play with.
I went out to eat with my wife.
I talked to my friend about stuff we're planning to do this weekend.
Eggs were on sale last night at the grocery store.
Finished a crucial part of a project at school.
I talked to my son.
We had a new district manager come into our store today and he was very happy with how everything looked. 
I made nice progress on planning the novel I'm writing.
I had a hit on mTurk that paid really well for the time.
Getting a full 8 hours of uninterrupted sleep.  
I bought an ice cream that I'd been craving for days.
I made enough dinner last night to enjoy leftovers today.
The new legion assault scenarios in World of Warcraft were hotfixed very quickly today so that we could all complete the quest without having to wait days for it to come back around again. 
I got important work done today. I've been procrastinating it for a while so it's been good to get it off my chest and be able to move on.
My brother came home after being gone months for work! 
I enjoyed a good meal at a restaurant I have never been too.
I had a phone interview that went pretty well.
At work i was rewarded with a hat with our chemical plant logo for practicing safe work measures on a big task.
I finished cleaning up the junk in the yard.
Received a $50 Amazon gift card today for a study that i worked on through mturk last week.
Seeing my backyard squirrels eating, playing and having a good time in my yard.
I cooked and enjoyed one of my favorite shrimp dishes.
I had a great lunch of chinese food.
I found my favorite Pokemon plush on store shelves for pretty cheap versus the high price for the same thing on the internet.
I was worried about my mother because she has kidney failure and her back has been hurting her, but she told me her back was not hurting anymore since she got new medication.  
My sick cat ate really well today, and I'm hoping she put on a little weight.
I made a new friend on the TV station tour.
My cat and I took a nap together this afternoon and he looked really adorable. 
I sorted and organized all my tax documents in preparation to file my taxes.
I received good news about a relative.
The clerk at the tobacco store gave me a decent size discount today because he said I drive a long way to get there (and I do, they moved the store).
Attending a meeting at work and knowing that people respect my opinion but also laugh when I make a joke. It makes me happy to feel appreciated, valued, and liked.
My son woke up from nap and gave our cat and dog some gentle, loving attention.
I was happy when it rained.
I took a walk and a couple of the dogs at the dog park were doing some funny things while they were running around and playing that made me laugh.
I ate some Tomomi sushi for lunch, tried out the salmon mango for the first time, and it was very delicious;would probably try it again next time i have cravings for sushi.
While renewing my driver's license I didn't bring my glasses and could not pass the vision test on my own, so my brother gave me his glasses to see if they would help. Then with the help of my brother's glasses I was able to renew my license without having to make a return trip home.
Got a work project with excellent timing, and I could use the extra money.
Despite it being a dark, rainy, and overall dreary day, seeing this little toddler in a checkout line that was wearing the most awesome, bright, Kermit the Frog green Chuck Taylor shoes was like a little ray of sunshine and put a big happy smile on my face.
I ate lunch at my favorite restaurant
Training my puppy this evening.
I discovered I had no homework
I didnt have to go to work today
My co worker told me a funny story, which led to more funny stories from other co workers. 
I only have one more item on my checklist of my big 3 items "to do" and I am very ambitious.
My boyfriend made me a delicious meal
I found a great song and video online and listened to it 3 times and it gave me goosebumps.

One of the happy moments of today was to share with my colleague Yldegar his birthday 24, he takes with us 3 years in the company and despite being a young man, he has talent as a mechanic
I was able to clean my entire yard and property line, finding the energy to complete this task gave me confidence and pride in myself. 
I accomplished my goals ahead of time and was able to get more done than I thought I would.
I was able to relax outside on the deck with my dog because the weather has finally warmed up.
TASTED SOME NEW FOODS
I hung out with a friend I haven't seen in a while.
I watched a new episode of Criminal Minds recently that I had been interested in viewing.
I only worked a half day today so I had time to relax at home. 
My boyfriend had a great time at Universal studios. 
I cooked dinner for my wife and she said it tasted really good.
In a mobile phone video game I got enough materials in it to be able to continue playing for longer than I expected.
I had a job interview that went well and I felt confident about.
I was able to stay home today, for a change.
The baby I babysit took a 2 hour nap this afternoon! It was so refreshing!
I received a response from a job application for a job I really want.
I went for a loan and got it sanctioned.
I had a great dinner with my family
I held my daughter and snuggled with her when she was sick. 
I called an old friend I had not spoken to in a few years.
My supervisor congratulates me for being punctual on the duty.
I got positive feedback on my Year End rating, and should receive a raise at the end of the year.
I saw my Dad at his workplace and traded cars with him so he could get mine fixed.
I was happy when I flirted with my girlfriend.
I was able to purchase the building permit so we can get new siding on our house.
I made dinner and my husband enjoyed it.
I put new strings on my guitar.
Opening a new jar of peanut butter and getting to put the knife in it for the first time while making a sandwich.
I helped multiple friends successfully with their schoolwork problems.
I talked to my 2.5 year old nephew on the phone today about this little toy car I got him - King from the movie Cars. At the end of the movie, King crashes and the toy I got him was "damaged King". That little voice saying "damaged King Aunt Vic" makes my whole day.
I met a coworker who I haven't seen in many years for the first time and I gave her a hug.
I went to my mom's for dinner and visited with her and my sister.
I met with my high school friends and enjoyed a lot.
I got logged into my computer in less than 10 minutes after it had done a backup and update.
Earlier this evening I had a pizza with avocado, tomatoes, and black beans.
I won a match on a video game that I didn't think I had a chance to win.
I got good news during a meeting.
I bought bread from my favorite bakery.
I checked the mail and there where no bills.
I got a free ticket to museum... gonna learn a lot. 
Today my birthday we all arranged grand party in mall we enjoying a lot here
I drove my mom to meet a pastor she really loves from a TV show. It was in San Jose and it took me about 8 hours back and forth the drive and the meeting. I love healing my mom whenever I can.
My 
GOING TO TOUR
I had plenty of time to myself to read this afternoon.
I found my old gaming consoles while cleaning and decided to use it again.
I was happy when I went for my jog this morning and found $20.
My oldest son greeted me with a hug when I got home.
The mailman didn't bring any bills today.
We watched the episode of iZombie that we had recorded yesterday.
I found out I had earned enough points on a credit card to qualify for a fifty dollar gift card of my choice.
I had my last day of classes for this semester.
I was able to study and complete a take home test. 
I check my stock and was increase by 5% and I immediately sold it.  I have an gained.  
Mastering a song ive been practicing
I slow-cooked a delicious meal in the crock pot with healthy ingredients.
My loud neighbors finally moved out.
A stranger complimented my choice of dress. 
I read news paper at morning it made me happy.
I unloaded the dishwasher, then washed enough dishes to fill it back up again, and then I ran it. I also cleaned the sink, and seeing that area of my kitchen clean made me feel accomplished on my day off work.
Yesterday I got recommendation from my friend for a doctor regarding my breathing problem. I am very happy and got that I will soon get rid of my breathing problem
my district chief talked to me today and wanted to know when I'd be done with my particular training.  It's something i've been wanting some recognition for for quite some time now.  He then mentioned how when I was done he wanted me to move onto more training, which is a good thing for me.
Drinking coffee
Talking to a client and connecting with them, seeing each other eye to eye and agreeing with our views made me happy.
I went out with my friends to dinner. 
I presented a great presentation at work.
I took my daughter to the park and was able to show her the difference between honey bees and carpenter bees.
Reaching a reading goal of mine in a book I'm currently reading.
I had some snacks I had been saving
My friend brought me a cookie for lunch.
I finally got my phone to take pictures correctly.
I bought a new summer dress.
I went outside and walked around in the park.
Earlier today I was able to take my daughter to the park.  We had not been able to go to the park in a while for several reasons.  We played for two hours.  She really enjoyed herself. 
It stopped raining during my drive home. 
Had a nice and relaxing coffee break with a friend from work.
Today my husband made me a delicious coffee drink.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.

The day with my parents
I baked a special sugar free wheat cake for my mother who is having diabetes.
One of my employees received a promotion at work, and wrote me a heartfelt thank you because of the influence I 've had on her since becoming her supervisor. 
The voices were not happy, and she was surprised to hear one of them.

Having dinner with a friend.
I gave my toddler a bath in the bathtub and she was smiling and in a very good mood.
I got to bike to work which always makes me happy. 
I got to watch my daughter play with her baby doll and pretend it was her brother.
i had sex with my girlfriend.
A show that I liked watching a long time ago is getting a reboot. 
I got all my trees in my yard trimmed
Dead body opened eyes and smiles.
I got to spend time alone with my boyfriend like I used to. 
I helped my coworker get some work done since he's new.
MY HUSBAND PROMISED ME TO BUY A TOUCH PEN FOR MY NEW MOBILE.THAT MAKES ME HAPPY.
I played with some Legos.
I got to speak to a family member I have not seen in awhile. 
Took my dogs on a walk today.  I am glad the Iowa winter is over.
Learning that Steve Bannon was removed from the NSC
Today when I was eating a snack my dog very cutely begged by resting her face right on my leg.
My sister came over with my nephew and they lifted my mood.
I had a coffee at the local Starbucks and it was excellent.
No cavities in my teeth.  I had a dental appointment today.
I ate cookies
My cat is gaining weight with the new food the vet prescribed for him. 
I got a particularly "tough" kid in my daughter's class to smile and work with me during my volunteer hour.
I had a hearty meal with noodles.
I got a long drive on car
I talked to my mother.
I cooked a good dinner and fed my family.
I got a $25 bonus on mturk. 
I bought a pizza and it was surprisingly good
Won $20 on a lottery scratch off ticket.
I finally finished the book I was reading,
I got promoted to a new job title.
I had a delicious breakfast.
I got a free computer mouse for my home computer from our IT department at work.
i got support and permit from my moms for my decision
it is funny how big of an impact she have on me. it's been a
year i thought im already over with her, but im wrong.so wrong.
My happiest moment was when I gave birth to my son. After
nine long months of waiting to meet him, at last that day
came. I was just so happy, and its unexplainable!
Hanging out with my friends
My dog's collar came off during our walk as we passed by some other dogs in a fence, and my dog listened to my instruction and did not try to go to the other dogs like he has before.
I bought a scratch off ticket and won 5 dollars.
I posted a picture of Waggaki Band on Facebook and got good responses from my associates.
A friend of mine received news that she is cancer free. 
I made significant progress in completing a work project.
Saw a movie with my mom at the theater
I finally had time to start playing video games again.
I managed to get through a lot of phone calls for work.
Eating a large and satisfying dinner
I completed a mturk hit that paid $3.00.
I tutored today and made $80 cash.
I watched my favorite movie after I ate dinner.
I got to talk to my niece and nephew on the phone. They are my favorites.
I was watching an episode of The Office. It was a repeat, but one of my favorite episodes of any television series ever. In this particular moment, there is a funny sequence regarding a CPR dummy.
I spend awhile with my husband lying on the bed and he massaged my elbow that feels sore.
I got to take a long bath this evening.
My boyfriend and I were able to use our fire pit for the first time this season.
My son got admission into his desired stream in Grade 11, that's a big load off my chest and a really happy news!
Our youngest son made the Principal's Honor Roll.
An old friend added me on facebook who i havent talked to in a while.
Yesterday I purchased new dress and that moment made me feel happy.
After a hard day at work, my dog was very excited to see me when I came home. Although this is pretty common, it felt good because today was overall pretty rough.
I m very Happy when my all co-worker celebrate for me and congratulate me to promote in my company and i am very thankful for my team, they gives me support in every project.
I played a video game that I've been wanting to play for a while.
The overall profit in my business is high during yesterday transaction and that moment feels happy.
My younger child came and gave me a hug when I had a headache. 
I made and then sipped a delicious mocha latte.
I was happy when I finished a big article because I worked hard on it and thought I did a good job. 
I tickled a couple of kids.
I made a really good pasta salad and had some delicious garlic bread with it. Very tasty dinner!
I resolved a technical issue at work.
Watched a really good funny movie with family
I was travelling to office in bus and suddenly got the seat with a stranger and after conversation got to know he is my school friend and we met after 20 years.
I received a job offer last night around this time, which is a weird time to get a job offer, but the timing couldn't be perfect. 
I learned how to write some new code for my job.
I got to see my neice again, so adorable
I got a drink with a coworker.
My girlfriend sent me a funny picture in a text while I was at work.  It caught me off guard and made me chuckle, and I was reminded how much I depend on her to laugh and smile, and I was grateful.
Doing laundry.
Listening to music and relaxing
I had a sushi bowl for dinner.
I set daily goals for myself in order to make sure that I have all the things necessary for a successful and happy future. Today I have met all my daily goals and that is something that makes me proud and happy
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.
I completed my swim certification class today. It was a good feeling to have accomplished that.
I went jogging and felt great!
The food at the restaurant was very good and felt even more satisfying considering how inexpensive it was.
I worked out with my client today and surpassed the 75lb mark on ez-curl bar. It lasted a good 15 minutes. 
I have just received news that it was not too late to sign up for a spring fashion show that I was looking forward to. I have finally signed up and most of all, a friend was also able to rsvp me with me. I am now looking forward to this event even more. I was very happy to get the news today.
I was approved for a savings account today. I opened it, was approved and deposited some money for something I'm saving for for the next few months. I felt accomplished and happy.
My son saying some words. 
I had forgotten to put my trash out at the correct time, but the garbage truck this morning ended up being late so I still ended up having time to get my trash out.
Played basketball with a few friends
When I left work, it wasn't raining so I had a nice walk to my car.
I ate a handful of gummy bears.
I was happy I attended the christening  of a new baby of my relation.
I had some BBQ chicken sandwiches with spicy honey mustard for lunch.
I ate some leftover spaghetti and it was great
We got the conformation tickets to go for summer vocation to ooty.
I worked out by running on the treadmill and lifting some weights.
I had ice cream.
Getting one of my projects to work properly.
I made myself a delicious lunch today and I enjoyed it more than usually.
Class started an hour late and ended at the same time.
When me and my wife had lunch at our favorite lunch buffet so that we could bond before her going to work.
A coworker came up to me and told me I was doing a good job.
My fiancA(c) and I prepared a delicious dinner together.
beside my home one girl is there .she is have much  of the knowledge ,to share my son my son got some knowledge .i am very happy to see my son.
Finally finished with the spring craft project (at the school)
i got to eat a nice plate of food that was really delicious.
I am in the military on a deployed boat and I received an email from my wife.
Sandra finally got voted off of Survivor!
My student transitioning well from gym wben its usually a hard time. 
I was able to sleep in today, offsetting the late night I  had.
Today my neighbor said that the new shirt I wore  suits me well.
My son went down for his nap.
My coworker and best friend helped me during work when I asked him to help me move some heavy carts.
when my family planning a picnic in holidays
I bought a scratch-off lottery ticket at the gas station, and won $5.
In a staff meeting, I had a good conversation with a team of volunteers. It was remarkable and wonderful.
Yesterday morning 10:00 o clock I went to hotel for eat because my mom wasnat prepared anything for breakfast so I went to hotel. I seated there and order the food and started to eat and then finally finished the all of foods, ready to pay the bill and that hotel owner told me I offer you for $30. I was so lucky and felt very happy about this because my bill was only $28. So no need pay the bill, I had free food. Jolly Jolly!!. After reached home I returned this money to my mom and told about that offer she was happy for I saved money. Iam so lucky. Very happy.
I was last happy when I finally cleaned up my house. The mess was frustrating me and bothering me. I forgot how much having a clean house makes me happy. 
I finished the outline for a long term project.
I watched anime with my older sister after dinner.
today i could sell a couple of old pants and i could buy some pot that made me happy
I got a Legendary card in Clash Royale.
I was offered a writing gig.
I was woken up to the smell of bacon and eggs.
I was happy to host my students' cheerleading recital today and the girls did great.
I given one gift for my son.
Early morning i worshiped lord sun and did Surya namaskar, i felt great while i performing Surya namaskar.
it is funny how big of an impact she have on me. it's been a
year i thought im already over with her, but im wrong.so wrong.

I understood a major concept immediately in the seminar that I attend
I ordered socks in online and received before the delivery date. I was very happy because my old socks were torn on that day.
Creating a program that grabs the next week of tech events in my area from a website
My boyfriend sent me a sweet birthday post.
I received a generous compliment from my boss at work this afternoon. 
I was happy when I was able to go to the state park to get out into the wilderness.
Enjoyed a Ciderboys Peach Country hard cider.
i went to a temple yesterday i saw a marriage of ram and sita it was very interesting to see that moment and i was very happy to see that.
I cooked a favorite meal of mine
 I was able to get off work a little early today. 
My friend told a really funny joke over our group text, and it really put me in an upbeat and humorous mood for a few hours. 
Yesterday i went for a picnic with my friends that was the awesome and peaceful place we have never saw in life and i have njoyed a lot with my friends,had a lot of fun.
I went out for a movie tOday with friends. The movie was awesome. And the precious time spent with friends was even more awesome. This made me happy today.
 Report cards came out at all my kids are doing great. 
my brought my favourite food from the restaurant 
I took a nap
I just finished my taxes and after state, federal, and city, I only owe $11.
went to restaurant with my family and friends it was very fun and happy moment
We purchased a new bi-cycle for my kid which she likes the most.
 I was able to complete a long project at work. 
I de-winterized our sprinkler system and everything came back up without issue.
I took my daughter to the animal shelter to pick out a new cat.
My sister and I went and got sushi, and I also picked her up from her tutoring session. We always have a good time riding around and listening to music.
I went to Shopping Mall.
I got bonus from office yesterday for my good performance, very happy.
Saw a friend that I had not seen for a few months.
My dad decided he wanted to start stamp collections with all his grandkids.
I watched the Giants win a baseball game.
I went to college.
The apartment was actually quiet, for a change, so I took a nap.
I made chili for dinner.
I remember I'm getting paid on Friday.
I gave my boyfriend one of the presents for our one year anniversary
Found a absolutely perfect set of sheets for my bed for the summer.


I fed stray dogs outside the theatre
I had an interview this morning.
I went to the grocery store and picked up some items that I needed and now I don't have to do it tomorrow.
my sister my home
I went to the stadium and had exercise.My body get flexible by doing this exercise.
I saw my dad were waiting for me with a glass of juice and that moment made me feel so special so I enjoyed a lot and felt the most happiest moment of my life.
I experienced happiness today when the mail arrived and I received several packages of clothing I had ordered online that I had been waiting on.
Me and my husband had a great love
I had a glass of white wine while I colored.
Yesterday i had been going for supermarket.
I won the March Madness bracket.
I went to the store and bought a new planter for the deck.
Having dinner at Steak and Shake made me happy.
The carpets were cleaned professionally today.
I watching a movie show theatre in yesterday
I exercised a couple miles today. 
a favorite co-worker whom has been on a "call when needed" basis at work got a full time position at my work so I will see her more often.
I was able to sleep in today, and I woke up with the knowledge that I had the whole day off and I could relax.
I WENT TO BROWSING CENTER
I won a bet with a friend.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I found $100! Two $50 dollars just lying in the street after I came back from the gym. I'm so happy I went to the gym and it seems I got a reward from the Universe for doing so!
My wife played with my hair and face.
I was able to buy my ticket for the Passover Dinner at my congregation and I didn't have the money but I got  gift card that I forgot about and was able to pay for the ticket
Went to vist my grandfather after long time
went to my destination place
I cooked my favorite Biriyani and i felt very thrilled about it.
Purchased a new phone today and it's up to date. I'm super excited to start using it!
I like doing these HITs, it made me happy right now.
All my family members give me surprise party on my birthday party occasion early morning its a happiest moment for me
We go in a bar to celebrate the victory with my friend
yesterday morning i bought new car its very nice to drive and very comfortable to sit
In the past 24hrs I went for a walk n met my old school friend .i was happy to spend time with her n came to know a lot about her n her family .
I enjoyed a nice, home cooked meal with my girlfriend.
I had a very enjoyable dinner with my wife.
BEFORE I HAD BEEN GOING FOR TEMPLE IN KERALA.THIS DURATION VERY BEAUTIFUL.
My friend sent me a surprise gift, which actually was to fool me, and I enjoyed every bit of that prank
We went to a sushi restaurant today and my boss treated.
A event that made me happy today was seeing my pets when I returned from the hospital with my wife. 
My son painted a picture of me at school.
A Group message that I am a part of started sending some very funny pictures, which made me laugh.
Beating a difficult mission in a strategy game I play on my phone made me feel accomplished.
I was listening to some spiritual lines on my Android phone while travelling to my office. I feel a sense of calmness and happiness.
That I made it to work safely yesterday, as the weather was bad. 
My sister got my favorite dish for me.
I cooked dinner for my husband and I.
I went to the park and ran one lap without stopping in a beautiful, mild spring day.
I was singing and playing guitar to one of my favorite songs.
It rained outside
We watched a dog's purpose
The car that i was presented is one of the rarest collection of Austin.
I bought some candy to eat.
afternoon i prepared lunched and served my friends
My son did good study last evening
I was able to help a customer at work by using creative thinking instead of simply reading by-the-script policies.
I went for a Amazon company for an interview.There after seeing Many people i lost my confidence. I thought of coming back to home. But Again i thought to attend the interview.Luckily I got selected in amazon.
Having my puppy sleep on my legs, it's very comforting.
I got back into computer games and played the new "far cry" it was a lot of fun.
Seeing pictures of my cat from my girlfriend.
I rescued a lizard from drowning.
I love play Soccer with my Friends in the Stadium 
A wildlife sighting in the forest make me feel awesome
Good weather after several days of heavily rain.
afternoon i prepared lunched and served my friends
i was happy to be able to spend time with my girlfriend.
A table tipping me extra well after dealing with a mean table that tipped horribly.
I had a good coffee with my mom.
I was walking across the street and found a $5 that had obviously been run over several times. 
I got to watch baseball.
I made an offer on a house that I am ready to do flip and flop.
last day my sister say a very good news for me now she is in present so am very happy after listen her message my parents also very happy.
My package came in the mail today from eBay. The best thing about this was that I wasn't expecting it for at least another two days so I was pleasantly surprised when I saw that it was delivered. 
I went back to my previous work place 'site', finally getting to see a few co-workers I haven't seen in ages.
Spent time with my family and was happy
It made me happy when the Angels won their game.
Met our old friend long back
My dogs played with each other, and I got a great picture of it.
Found out my granddaughter won #1 in the high school music contest and is entering state contest.
I had a very interesting conversation with a friend.
I paid for my work out supplements entirely through gift cards I earned online. 
I was having lunch with some old friends.
I got a lisa frank blush brush coming in my ipsy bag and its what I was hoping for :)
I snuggled with my cat while he purred in my arms.
I had a nap with the cats.
I received a package in the mail that I was waiting for the last week.
My wife got home from work.
A friend of mine was on the verge of crying. She just threw herself at me, clutched at my clothes, and sighed with some relief as I held her tightly. I was overwhelmed she found comfort in my embrace. my sister marriage day
Played with my daughter
I hit all green lights on my way to work
Two of my really good friends became engaged!
My two year old daughter told me she loves me
thank you for this hit and i am learning and earning a lot of things from these hit it really making me very happy  and to day i m being warned by the people for the problem and solution and really liking it.
My husband made me happy this morning when he kissed me goodbye before going to work.
I was able to cook a decent meal for myself.
I played one of my favorite video games with a friend online.
I've had a pretty shitty couple of days, if I'm honest. Things aren't too happy right now.

But I did go on a little solitary adventure today. Went for a walk in the spring sunshine and had a really nice cup of tea in a cute little cafe I'd never been to before. That made me happier :) Sometimes it's just the simple things, I guess.


I STARTED A SMALL BUSINESS IN LAST YEAR NOW I EARNED A BIG PROFIT IN LAST FEW MONTHS AND I ESTABLISHED THE BUSINESS IN LARGE LEVEL 
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I ATTENDED THE INTERVIEW YESTERDAY AND I GOT A JOB APPOINTMENT ORDER FROM THAT TOP MNC.SO I WAS VERY HAPPY AND THAT DAY WAS SO SPECIAL FOR MY CAREER
I cleaned my entire house.
I ordered Chinese food and it was very delicious and good quality.
My wife and I had a nice home cooked dinner in front of the TV.
I took a nice afternoon run in the park to relieve some stress.
My son has an exam today. I am happy, because he will soon enter the institute, and he will have a new, adult life.
Making my infant giggle for the first time. 
I spent some time with my pet gecko.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I received some good insight on a radio broadcast on topics involving Bible study. 
I went on a long walk and let some of my problems fall away.  
I went to computer class.
My neighbor invited me over for a cup of coffee and that made me feel really happy. 
I had gone to attend my friends daughters birthday function and lot of friends had come there and we all had lots of fun
We finished making our wedding invitations.
On the past evening i  went out for a car ride for about 2 hour and you know I feel so happy because wherever I'm going my car not stuck even on a single traffic signal, Hence I got continuous green lights which makes me too happy and I enjoyed riding.
i met my friend after 10 year..we went for a movie and had a nice time
I was able to eat at J's, a Dairy Queen-style restaurant in my town.
GONE A NICE TRIP WITH MY FAMILY LAST MONTH.THAT MOVEMENT WAS REALLY MAKE ME HAPPY
I finished a presentation in a course I am taking. I have been working on the presentation content for the last 3 months and to finally turn in a good product felt so freeing! I felt like  huge weight was lifted off my shoulders. I am a pretty introverted person and having to present with 4 other people was daunting. But, I did it through practice and self-prep talks and now it feels nice to have some alone time. 
my boyfriend very kindly and gave the surprise to me . it make me feel excited . my boyfriend always very busy .but today he spending time for me . i would be proud of myself to have the life partner. i hope he is always with me for my future . 
I was happy when I stopped into a little shop and bought a special treat for my boyfriend to surprise him with.  

I took my boys to the local brew pub last night for dinner.  The food was great and the beer was even better.  
I came home thinking I was off today and my boss called to see if I wanted to work for another office tomorrow.  I said yes. She arranged it and I am. The office is much closer to home for me.
I took my three year old daughter to the dentist for the first time ever, and she was very well behaved.
I got 77% off for a watch in online shopping and it made me happy
I have made 300 bucks on Mturk this week so far and its only Thursday!
I have made 300 bucks on Mturk this week so far and its only Thursday!
Unexpectedly I got prize money of Scholarship with Huge Amount for my best track record in University, totall our friend circle we spent more time on party. 
My cat came and laid his head on my lap and fell to sleep.
I was entertained by the stories of an old veteran at work. He made me laugh. 
TAKE DINNER WITH MY LOVER
I played football and after a nice move i hit a volley and caught it just right and it screamed in the net.
TAKE LUNCH WITH MY FRIENDS ON FIVE STAR HOTEL
I was happy when I woke up this morning and read a text from my boyfriend telling me he loved me and he hoped I had a great day.
I got a royal flush while playing poker.
I packed for a trip that I'm looking forward to.
My back is feeling better after I hurt it last week.
The great weather and sunshine we had yesterday.
watching my tv
Hearing some medical test results for a much loved relative, that weren't as bad as initially feared.
I made dinner and everyone seemed to be head over heels about it.
I sat in a large open area and felt a wonderful cool breeze whipping my face and hair yesterday evening.
I went on a 3-mile run outside and then practiced throwing with one of my teammates.
I made some hot chocolate.
I had eggs benedict today
I managed to finally get a hair cut at my preferred barber as I generally don't trust anyone else with my hair. It felt great to get it cut the way I wanted.
I was left alone at home by my family after long time. I enjoyed time with my own self. Listened to loud music. Sang loudly and dance too.
I downloaded eight songs from iTunes that I have been wanting for a long time.
My favourite football team won their match yesterday.
After the workout yesterday, I went out with some friends for dinner and had a great time.
TODAY I WENT TO HOSPITAL WITH MY SISTER. THE DOCTOR TOLD MY SISTER IS PREGNANT. THAT WAS VERY HAPPY MOMENT FOR THAT. TODAY I AM VERY HAPPY.
YESTERDAY I WAS GONE FOR THEATER. IN MADURAI.
I lost weight.
I finally completed a game (Kingdom Hearts) I have been playing.
Today my crush say she loves me
Getting a bunch of dandelions from my seven year old from the field next to the house. 
I was happy when my physical therapist said I'd done well with my exercises.
two of my fantasy league  baseball teams continued their strong play at the beginning of this season.
Received a phone call with good news about a work event.
i went to see movie with family
My wife finally decided to go back to college to finish her degree after me insisting for a long time.
I made myself a very good meal.
I spent the day touring Maymont park with my son and his family
i went for a  ride on bike up to 30 km which feel me happy because of no traffic problem and no pollution problem on road. 
Today I saw an old friend of mine, whom I love very much, while I was in the mall shopping.
I indulged in one of my favorite beers last night. I can't buy it locally so it's kind of a big deal. 
My boyfriend and my dog met me at the airport when I landed. 
i got promotion to day
My son completed the action of following a direction.
I was happy getting to read a new book having just started the Ender series.
I got more sleep than usual.
I made homemade chicken stock to make soup this week.
I had pizza for dinner yesterday night.
A book of art by an artist I really like arrived in the mail.
I woke up late to find that my parents got me one of my favorite meals from Dairy Queen and even though it needed reheated, it was still really good.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I had a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup that I saved from a day ago. 
I checked my exam today and I passed with a great score. I was so grateful.
The weather outside was beautiful.
Made a nice dinner. 
I played a lot with my son and made him laugh.
It rained today for the first time in many months of drought and since I live on a cattle ranch where having good grass is important to my animals, this rain made me feel happy and grateful to the universe.
Today, I talked on phone with my grand mother about half an hour.
I don't have one moment in particular, but I remember once I went into the forest to have a picnic with my boyfriend. We'd been walking for a while and we got to a clearing with a beautiful river and a little waterfall. We sat there for a while, eating and talking, and then we lay down and looked up at the sky. It was a really sunny day and the sky was blue; I was just lying in his arms as some birds flew past above us. I think that was one of the best days I've had in a long time (and the only one I felt I could explain properly) 
A* Share on Twitter
I purchased a new outfit.
Going to exhibition makes me happy, laughing with my partner makes me happy, singing together with my husband make me feel happy.
Yesterday was one of those days where your brain is just running super-efficient, pumping out high quality stuff at a million miles an hour. You feel ready for anything, creative, strong, upbeat. Today I completed my fourth exercise schedule without any skips or procrastination.
Yesterday I was riding my bike to university and I really enjoyed the moment. The weather was really nice and the traffic was better than usual. It gave me hope the drivers in my city might change their behavior towards cyclists.
My erstwhile enemy tendered unconditional apology for the wrong things he did to me
I cleaned my desk today and this has made me happy. It had a lot of dust.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I WENT TO BROWSING CENTER
i joined Jim to day
I WENT TO SHOPPING
Binge watched a few episodes of one of my favorite shows on netflix,
I WENT TO MOVIE
I have been away from my family for some days now. I got home now and was happy to my family again especially my daughter who was smiling and came to hug me when she saw me.
Another event that made me happy was seeing all of the flowers that I planted grown.
I got in touch with a friend that I have not spoken to in three years.  He is a great friend, and I am beyond pleased to be in touch again.
Today, I received a special bonus for successfully completing my project file and I am happy.
I got to leave work after half a day due to some incoming bad weather, and no bad weather ended up hitting us
I had pizza with olives and mushrooms for supper!
I made a new friend last night as we met at a bar and got to know each other.
My 4 years old kid sketched a lovely picture of our family.
I didn't have much stress at work today. The atmosphere was relaxed and calm for a change. This made me very happy today.
i kissed my lover today
All my parts that were on my test were ones that I had studied well, and reviewed a few minutes before I came into class. 
I was happy recently within the last 24 hours when I did well on an important quiz in one of my classes.
I am happy that I have lost over 21 pounds so far
Went to temple with all family members after a long time in this present busy life.
Son played and had fun.
having dinner with my parents
it is a big
A new show I was interested in came to Netflix.
I was happy to eat some beef tamales.
I completed a project analysis at work at found out in a meeting that I did a complete thorough good job.
I got a hilarious snapchat from my daughter, she is a wit.
I completed a part of an assignment at work ahead of schedule.
The happiest moment in the last 24 hours was when I reunited with my best mate, Luke, and took 2 Polaroid photos before he headed back to London.
We went and visited my grandma who had been sick and she was in such good spirits, it was so great to see.
I made a large Mexican dinner and it came out delicious.
I went to the library and checked out books with my son.
My allergies randomly became really gentle yesterday night, so I've been breathing, smelling and sleeping uncharacteristically well!
It was absolutely gorgeous outside and I got to spend a lot of time in the sun!
When the kids were leaving school, so many of my students came and gave me a hug when they walked to their busses to say bye and they will see me tomorrow.
Something that made me happy was taking pictures of my newborn son and he kept smiling for me. 
I found out news last night that I may be able to participate in a clinical trial testing a Type 1 Diabetes treatment.
My daughter when come from school she hug me kissed me that make me very happy 
I had a good phone conversation with my mom.
I finished a quilt that I had been making for my sisters birthday.
I saw a comment on social media that made me feel good about myself.
I started planning out a vacation for next week.
My 1year son  told my amma
I was able to find a rare beer at the local liquor store.
Purchased a washing machine for washing my clothes.
It took me a while to come up with an answer, as I generally try to make each day the happiest day of my life. The answer I gave was the day I left school and started work. Is this the happiest day of my life? No of course not, but this is the foundation of what has allowed me to experience thousands of happy moments in my life.
watched asmr video
I visited with my mother and told her what I have been up to. It made her smile. 
I ran into a friend while shopping and we caught up on each other's family news.
I had a great workout even though I was hesitant to go. 
I've had a slight toothache and couldn't find a Dentist that I was happy with in our new location. I finally decided to call the Dentist I went to before I moved even thought it's a 50 mile drive, one way. They were able to get me in for a cleaning and exam today at 1:00p. Nobody likes going to the Dentist but it made me happy to have decided who to go to and that they could take me right away.
I was able to watch a new stand-up comedy special on Netflix
I was able to complete my readings and notations for a class I'm to teach today, when I thought previously I wouldn't find the time.
My sister finally willingly talked about her life with me.
My roommate inflated my tire for me so my car is safer.
Took my daughter to the play park which is a happy time, right up until home time!
Cleaned out the car and it feels new again.
Helped my wife make dinner.
I got to go home from work than I usually do.
Watch a video of stan up comedy
I was able to pick up my child from school and talk about his day and find out how he was feeling.
My husband and I went for a walk with our daughter and pup last night. The weather was finally gotten warm! 
My kids went to bed without a fight tonight.
I went with family to our favorite frozen custard place which just opened for the season and they had my favorite flavor - peanut butter.
After 4 years I ran into a friend and talked about our past as well as future events. 
Our neighbor is having a baby today. 
We picked my daughter's car up from the repair shop yesterday afternoon and the problems were fixed for a very reasonable price as compared to what the worst could have been
The New Girl season (possibly series) finale. I was glad to see everything work out the way I wanted, and to see it handled in a way better than most romantic comedy films.
I had an energizing morning workout.
Finding yummy sweet treats on discount and they were still fresh!
Saw a movie which was too good and it made me happy
My friend gave me some of her lunch because i was still hungry.
Had lunch with my friend and neighbor Shirley and my Mom. We had fun catching up
My home made tomato sauce came out really good.
I ate chicken wings. 
I enjoyed working from home.
I got some repairs done in my kitchen.
Seeing my four year old son amazed by the site of a play was amazing. He thought it was a school concert and when he realized it was a show all he could say was "Woaah". He was very well behaved which was nice as he can often get loud.
I bought a new pair of tennis shoes.
I got to watch some of my favorite anime
I received the approval to work on a big project I've been fighting for. 
I made something new for dinner that it turned out pretty good and I enjoyed it. 
I ate supper.
I had a strawberry cheesecake for dessert.
My husband and I went to dinner with our neighbors, we had a very nice time. 
I got to bed early and slept through the night without being woke up by our neighbors.
My husband took me to hotel and I feel very happy and enjoyed
My girlfriend and I went to dinner. 
I was able to take my kids to a play place yesterday where they laughed and played for hours.
Yesterday, I received a job offer out of the blue. I was shocked at first but then super excited. I decided to go ahead and submit the paperwork to get the job.
I found out that a project that I was having a really difficult time completing at work had been cancelled.
Yesterday on my city video game I increased the cities profit without losing any residents.
My husband and I got some alone time last night after the kids went to bed early.
My baby woke up crying in the middle of the night, and I was able to get her back to sleep in seconds.
I had the best work out at the gym yesterday.
I had some french silk pie last night that was delicious.
I discovered last night that due to inclement weather, I would not have to go to work in the morning.
My boyfriend was away for the night and I got to sleep alone and use his computer early.
I made plans with friends for the next evening.
I got my paycheck so now I can spend money on fun things.
My wife gave me a box set of the Game of Thrones0 blu ray
I found 20 dollars in my house on the floor that I didn't know I had.
Someone moved over for me on the train so that I could sit down.
Ate some hearty meal for dinner, soup and salad
Listening to my nephew through a voice note while he was laughing a lot.
I purchased a new micro oven.
i did well in the midterm exam,it made my day.
Last night my daughter had solid food for the first time.
I was happy when my partner brought me a bag of bagels since I love bagels.
My daughter has been sick and had a fever.  Last night her fever finally broke which made me very happy. 
It was announced that Steve Bannon was removed from the National Security Council.
Getting money from my grandparents. 
I ate a rich arepas
I got home and my tshirt I bought online was in my mailbox.
I made a good sale at work.
I made progress on my landscaping project.
My acceptance into one of the best company that I recently applied for. I will be working with them part time getting numerous benefits that will impact my life significantly on both economic standards and social standards  
I found out a business trip I wanted to take is still going to happen, there was some doubt.
My 50th birthday is around the corner, and my daughter has a special surprise for me. She would like us to get matching tatoos with hearts and our names on them to show how close we are. I was not expecting anything like this, but am willing to get another tattoo simply to enjoy the experience together.
I got xanax!
It was beautiful when I left school yesterday, about 68 degrees and sunny. I rolled the windows down, turned the music up loud and the drive home was fantastic. 
After starting them indoors two weeks ago, a tomato sprout finally emerged.
Some of my friends posted me the Jokes on my WhatsApp number, I laughed reading them and felt happy.
I took my mom for a drive to the beach.
I made a decision to agree to be in a friend's wedding, and I felt relieved.
Beat a super difficult level in Super Mario 64.
Watching one of our shows together to wind down the evening.
This morning my daughter made all kinds of funny noises like she was trying to talk! 
I was happy listening to the NPR podcast yesterday.
I made dinner for my spouse and I and we really enjoyed it.
When i drive a car i found an accident i near the road. the mistake was the bike driver. He died on the spot. I called the ambulance and sent the body to his house.
Dunkin Donuts iced coffee
I watched the new Louis C.K. special.
I was happy playing my guitar and singing with my husband for more than an hour.
Went out to lunch with best friend and had a good time.
The storm wasn't so bad
We went to beach and play some games.
I was able to skip, without guilt,  the early morning gym class that we normally go to every week because the toddler didn't feel well.
I made a payment arrangement on a large overdue medical bill to stop it from going to collections.
My invention about more mileage, I got invitation from Automobile manufacturing Association, feels very very enthusiasm.
I found my 32 gb memory card that was lost two months ago.
I went for a walk with my son.
Today I went to my friend's birthday party and get delicious foods.
I took my seedlings outdoors for the first time yesterday to warm in the sunshine.  Also I had time to plant some more pepper seeds.  It thrills me to be able to grow a garden and this year I am starting early by growing things from seed.  So taking care of my new "little ones" made me very happy and stress free yesterday.
My daughter did not spit up or throw up milk over me yesterday after each feeding.
It made me happy to accomplish many tasks yesterday I had been unable to complete before.
I was happy when our tax refund arrived.
Found a USB drive I'd been looking for for a week.
I have had a chance to go to the gym twice a day now that my work load has finally slowed down.
I was happy when I finished taking a test for a job because I think I did well.
I had a good nights rest for the first time in a few weeks.
I has some delicious fresh pineapple for dessert.
I was happy to awake to a restful nights sleep.
I saw my girlfriend when I returned from a travel trip earlier than expected
Me and my daughter spent about an hour practicing her bottle flips.
My baby slept in until 7:15 a.m.  
I heard the birds chirping outside my window. 
I received a $25 gift card for Amazon from a website that tracks my browser activity.
I was forced toe walk home after a few things went wrong and that shouldn't make me happy but this time, last year, I would have never survived a three hour walk and I am thrilled!
I found exactly what I was looking for when trying to make a purchase for my upcoming business. 
I got to spend some extra time with my family last night.
I was happy after I finished writing a paper that I needed to write for my business, mostly because I got it out of the way. 
I had a fun chat with my friend on FaceBook.
Hearing my child singing in their room.
Met a new colleague friend during lunch
I talked with my fiancee on the phone.
I played a computer game and a rare pet dropped for me.
I was happy when I cooked dinner with my wife. 
My fiance and I had the opportunity to look at some wedding venues.
I have lost some weight and I am looking good.
I had a really good dinner at my favorite Mexican restaurant in my city.
My dog was super excited when I got home from work and we played before dinner. 
I bought a rug that looks great in my living room.
A small desert after dinner.
My boyfriend and I made up after a fight.
I had a long chat with my mom on the phone today.
I was able to relax and read my book quietly
my old schoolmate and friend called me and we had a good chat about our earlier days . I felt happy and we decide to meet .
I found out the true identity of a scammer through clever social engineering.
My roommate made me dinner after a long day at work.
My husband and I watched our favorite show together yesterday evening.
I found out that my kids got high scores on their standardized tests.
drank coffee
I helped my dad out with something he needed and got to visit with him for awhile.
I was chatting with my friend for a few hours.
I was greeted by my boss and welcomed back to work after having been gone for 2 weeks on vacation.
I love the food my mother cooked for us.
My dog slept at the foot of the bed on my side (like he always does).
Feeding dinner to my son.
One of our clients brought some food in our office as a sign of appreciation.
I got a 10 dollar gift card to starbucks.
When i checked my sms in morning, i saw my salary was deposited in bank. I really felt happy because i can now go for a trip which i was planning from two weeks.
Yesterday when i was with some friends having a good time at my house and having a drink, i was really relaxed and happy
I went outside to work on my garden. I watered my plants and trees. Then I sat on an outdoor plastic chair and just looked up at the sun. The warm rays were hitting my face and it felt soothing. Not too hot, just right. I looked around my backyard and saw birds and heard them chirping. I saw the bees buzzing over the flowers and doing their work. I enjoyed that peace of mother nature. 
My sister passed the exam with high grades .
My friend texted me to say she's looking forward to seeing me this weekend.
When I went to get coffee this morning the car in front of me had paid for mine
I participated in the cooking competition and has been awarded prize for the competition.This moment made me feel happy
My daughter scarfed and kept asking for more of the veggie side I made for dinner last night. It made me happy that she was enjoying the most nutritious part of the meal.
I worked on a synthesizer track of a song that I am currently composing.
Patching the hole in my pool.
Yesterday my office friend home function. i went to the function my friends coming the function and join the party, my friend arenged the dancing program. we are very happy and enjoyed the function.
Actually yesterday afternoon for my lunch, suddenly for the first time my sister prepared me a special dish which is only prepared in five star hotels,
and gave me a surprise for my lunch, which made me feel really very happy.

My dad showed up with a sled for my son. It's the end of winter and we are not expected to get anymore snow. Thankfully my 4 year old son is very creative. he puts a pillow in it and says "it's a nice comfy bed to watch my shows in". He takes his tablet and lays down to watch his "hobby kids" Youtube show.
The Best Is Yet to Come,a this yesterday event show, involves five sororities and five fraternities. Each sorority is paired with a fraternity and each group creates an original musical about 25 minutes long. The song and dance performances are generally light-heated and campus-related. At the end I feel so happy.
I visited my father.
My teenage son invited me on the spur of the moment to attend a school event with him and go to lunch after.  I'm just thrilled to be invited.
The happiest day of my life was when I got the chance to be one of the EMS. I felt like I was being carried away by them because the EMS are expert in lit as well as in linguistics. they are also taught to be a good citizen of our society.
My favorite baseball team hit a walk off home run in the bottom of the 13th inning last night!
My apartment was cleaned, and it looks and smells great.
Got the 750 approved after a few interesting details!
I drank craft beer.
Last night I talked to my mom on the phone. She made me laugh by telling me a funny story about her cat. It made me laugh.
Giving a homeless man money and also a bite to eat. 
I took my dog for a walk around the neighborhood.
Got my salary yesterday.
I read about a good experience that my friend had.
My wife is in a good mood this morning.
I found out I got my paycheck
I went to see the parade for the local high school basketball team champions in our town.
I slept in longer than normal.
I was happy when the big storm we had finally died down.
My baby daughter wouldn't go to sleep at the restaurant but we were able to make her laugh a lot and she remained in a good mood. 
Woke up to a beautiful warm sunny day.
My granddaughter said my name for the first time.
My sister got into a college she applied too.
I watch a entertaining movie today.
I was able to go fishing on a beautiful day! 
My father give me a new branded shirt.
We had pizza for dinner
The tornadic storms in the South missed my daughter's house which was hit by a tornado last year.
I remembered that I'm on vacation in a few weeks.
I was happy to get my new tires put on my new wheels.
The first cup of french pressed coffee I had this morning.
I stayed up late watching my favorite tv show and relaxed.
I took my sons to church.
today my daughters result came and she got first place in her class so happy for her
My baby nephew gave me a hug and kiss before going to school.
In the new class I taught at work, some of the children begged to be in my group, rather than another teachers group, making me feel very desirable. 
I spoke to someone about having an engagement ring made
My brothers actually cooked dinner.
Waking up this morning full of life an energy
My dog greeted me at the door when I returned from work.
I watched an episode of the TV show KonoSuba. 
I had the best hamburger I have had in ages last night, and it was so good!
I received a card from my grandfather and it instantly made me happy.
My pot roast dinner turned out amazing
I took my kids to dance and they were excited and seeing them happy and excited made me happy as well. 
I was able to catch up on laundry which consisted of FOUR loads of laundry.
My cat slept on my lap.
I had a nice dream and slept very well last night
I watched a hockey game on TV and my favorite team (the Buffalo Sabres) won!
Listening to my daughter talk about soccer practice.
I ran into an old friend on the train this morning and we cauhgt up and made plans to hang out!
I went on a long walk with my dog yesterday while the sun was shining.
i was happy when i heard my favorite song on the radio this morning.
my girlfriend made me dinner unexpectedly.
I got a video game I have been looking forward to for a few years and am happy with how it is.
I found a good deal at a local clothing store.
Took  the dog for a walk the weather was delightful
I bought new videogames and started playing them for a few hours.
I had a nice evening with my teenage son.
A person that I teach the bible to expressed appreciation for my efforts. 
I talked to my mom.
My boyfriend brought me home my favorite flowers.
I enjoyed a wonderful dinner out with my sister and mother. 
It was my mother's birthday and she thanked me for the present she received
I took my kids to an easter egg hunt party with my friends and they all had so much fun. They were so tired afterward but they just couldn't wind down and stop talking about how much fun they had. 
Me playing video games with my friends.
I am excited because I got to see a few friends last night that just came into town for a big wedding we are going to attend this weekend. 
I earned a few dollars on mturk.
I started a really good book last night, and am excited to finish it.
I was given a small raise and will be able to put $16 more into the family budget every month.
My son and I had lunch at McDonald's and he got to play in the play place. 
My fiance made me coffee this morning
Going surfing, even though the waves were huge and messy.
I watched a movie with my husband last night. we are seperated and going though a divorce. we laughed at the movie and enjoyed it together. It was the first time we had enjoyed each others company in a very long time. I really enjoyed that time and it even made me have good dreams for the first time in weeks.
I grabbed an 8 dollar HIT on Mturk and it only took me 20 minutes to do. 
I tried a new recipe for a gluten free cake and it came out delicious!
My daughter made a terrible pun and it made me proud of her.
I played a game of Monopoly Jr. with my granddaughter.
Real Madrid won their game yesterday. Most of the teams I wanted to win in soccer yesterday won.
I felt happiness when I went to all 3 of my classes.
I finished a project I was knitting and it turned out very well.
I have managed to help a friend to repair his car. 
I went for a walk with my wife in the evening, and that made me happy. 
I went out driving with one of my friends
I completed a workout at the gym.
Falling asleep--I was very tired.
Last night, I asked my wife how she felt about me not joining her for bed right away as I usually do, but to go over and play games with friends without her.  It's been a more recent thing in our marriage (we haven't been married for but about 8 months) for me to do things without her as I am deeply attached to her.  She's been so understanding about me doing more selfish things on my own time, even though I feel she'd prefer if I'd not go, but stay and snuggle with her right away as we fall asleep together.  I love that too.  I feel like I get to do everything I want in my marriage and my wife seems consistently happy with me and so easy to please.
I discovered a few additional ways I might make extra money on the internet to boost my income.  These possibilities offer me hope and hope always makes me very happy.
I got an early birthday present today from my boss.
Finished takeout leftovers for dinner
I felt happy when I got home from work and all the baby stuff I ordered for my soon to arrive grandson was sitting on my porch.
I watched a movie from the 80s that I hadn't seen in awhile and it made me laugh.
I played sims 4 on the computer.
My son, who was crabby all morning, climbed up on my lap and snuggled.
Purchasing a frame for a swing that I can paint whatever color I want. 
I got to play video games with my friends all night.
I had some alone time to make music at home.
I went shopping last night and found the dress i had been looking for.
I went on a very long walk with my dogs in the pleasant sun.
I was happy to listen to Billie Holliday on vinyl.
This morning I saw a story on the news about a little girl who just had a tumor removed. She was the cutest thing I was happy that she was healthy again and ready to go back to school. 
They were out of my coffee at the coffee shop, but the kind I got was really good anyway. 
I booked a surprise vacation for our family that everyone is excited about.
I was able to stay for overtime at work and make some extra money. 
I also made myself a home cooked meal and did not have to spend money because finances are tight.
I went for a nice walk last night around my campus and it was really relaxing
We confirmed that some family friends would be joining us for Easter and it will be the first time in 4 years that we have had anyone over for the holiday except our immediate family.
I bought three houseplants for really cheap, and they look great in my window.
I have been wanting to try a near burger place near my work. Yesterday for lunch, I went there and had the best mushroom and swiss burger!!!
Girl that I'm dating sent me a really sweet text message.
My friend brought me a brownie.
Watching the whole Fast and Furious movies marathon before the new one comes out.
A part I ordered for a broken kitchen appliance I have came in the mail yesterday, so now I can fixit and resume using it. 
I managed to rank up to level 51 in Battlefield 1,  the sheer excitement filled me when I reached a level that worked hard to attain. 
I got a small bonus for some work I did. 
I stayed up late talking to my new partner and it was fantastic.
My anxiety wasn't too bad yesterday.  I had my meds upped and yesterday was a reasonably good day with my anxiety and panic attacks.
I made my first necklace with my supplies!
I was able to be successful in my at home work and help provide for our family. I felt very happy in knowing that my effort was rewarded.
The amount of work while at work was a lot but it was easy to get through which was excellent
I finally finished the long-term task for my job. 
In the last day I went to the gym to find that it was nearly empty. Didn't have to weight around for any weights.
Listening to raindrops on the roof.
Laughing at a conversation within Persona 5.
My aloof and disinterested cat sat on my lap and demanded I pet him.
Yesterday we had take out for dinner, so I did not have to do any dishes!
I made a birthday card for my wife, gave it to her, and she loved it.
My baby girl is starting to coo a lot now. She's even trying to imitate words i say to her and she's not even 3 months old yet!
Late at night, after I finished laundry at the laundromat, I treated myself to a small hoagie (sub) sandwich, a once or twice a month treat, that was hearty and had a variety of tastes and textures.
My daughter chose to stay at home with me instead of going to the store with her mom.
My dog came over and put his head on my knee. It's a new trick for him.
my daughter laughed
My father-in-law gave me a watch gift for my marriage anniversary. I like that watch. Iam excited with that gift
I realized that I still had half a candy bar that I hadn't eaten!
My younger brother and I went outside to was my car. While we washed it we made jokes about different things and shared in a lot of laughs.
My favorite show came out with a new season.
I was able to relax and unwind while watching an animated movie called Zootopia and that made me happy.
Completed a project module of my team learning a new technology completely from scratch. Going to surprise my team tomorrow. This is really going to make my team lead a wow movement!
I was playing video games today, it was rather enjoyable
I was paid a check bigger than expected. 
I had a really delicious dinner last night.
I was able to purchase something I've been looking for for quite a while.
i just installed a new video game (Mass effect Andromeda),after i saved up for some months.
Today is the last day of the work week for me and then i'm going to spend the weekend at a film festival in phoenix.
I got on the scale and lost two pounds from the week before
I had breakfast with my mom. 
I made it home from work before a bad storm, and was there to comfort my dogs. 
Going to the casino and winning 500 dollars and then having a fancy dinner with my lovely girlfriend!
I went to see my grandma at the nursing home.
I was happy to have dinner made for me when I got home.
going to temple with my family 
Finished my objectives in a game i'm playing
Parents surprised me with a new bed, which is something I've needed for a very long time!
I saved about $100 on some stuff tonight.
I found a 20 dollar bill stuffed in my shelves somewhere. It's ripped, but I'm pretty sure I can exchange it at the bank. Yay 20 bucks.
My niece gave me a hug.
Help my dad with some repairs. I know he'll appreciate it.
My daughter was almost late to school this morning but made it on time with 5 minutes to spare.
I was happy when I got to leave work.
I went to a buffet that had a cheese festival going on and all the food was amazing.
I saw like 8 lizards today as I was hiking and it made me happy because lizards are super cool. 
I talked to my beloved little sister on the phone for an hour last night.
I saw my boyfriend for lunch today.
I did an amazing makeup look for work today.
I ran two miles in my fastest time ever.
I paid all my bills for the month and still have some spending money left over.
I arranged a dinner date with my friend.
I found out one of my favorite graphic novels is being made into a tv series.
all friends are come to my home for birthday celebration i enjoyed
Spending the evening with a great bunch of friends and planning for an upcoming wedding.  
I watched a chess game online.
talking to my friend john.
I was happen when I met my Mturk goal of 20 HITs. 
I fixed my computer's battery problem.
After the last few weeks of heavy duty grandchildren involvement, I felt very happy today to have a day to myself to get some things done and just chill out, even though I love being with my grandchildren.
I slept past my nine AM class and I found out it was canceled due to rain issues in the building.
I found a good toy for my cat he loves
My cats took a nap on my bed at the same time. 
I made a great breakfast with eggs, red peppers, hash browns, and toast.
Finding out the insurance has approved our claim to get our roof fixed from hail damage.
I get a night alone at home to relax.
My chronic pain did not bother me today.
I decided to cut down on meat and that made me happy about my future, I'll see how it goes!
I skinny jeans are getting too big for me now.
I just got home from church. Praising and singing for Jesus makes me very happy.
It made that i got a promotion by this week was really fantabulous
I didn't have to drive my husband to his interview
I had a nice phone conversation with my best friend.
I kissed my girlfriend 
I received a $5 bonus for a mturk this morning!
A friend send me a funny text.
Accomplishing several tasks on my to-do list including cleaning the house and going grocery shopping.
I enjoyed playing video games with some friends.
I successfully installed Hit Scraper for Mechanical Turk.
Getting ahead in my work made me happy 
I got some cleaning around the house done that I have been meaning to do for awhile.
I bought plane tickets to Iceland.
I was happy when I got a bonus for doing hard work
I watched my favorite drama series on tv.
I got a lot of sleep and felt well-rested to take on the day.
It made me happy to have the whole family at dinner yesterday.
Watched two of my favorite shows and enjoyed myself immensely, relaxing on the couch, eating ice cream. 
I listened to a new music album on the way to work, and I enjoyed it very much. I am looking forward to listening tomorrow.
Realizing I leave for vacation in a week
Finally not having headache pain that had been plaguing me for quite a while.
Having carbonara and french bread for dinner with my wife and daughter.
Yesterday i attended the book launch program and i was very happy to see a writer of this book and finally i bought this book.
I decided to organize my emails.
I was listening to my daughter read tonight.  She is only in kindergarten but learning quickly.
We filed our taxes and are getting a small refund!
My husband texted me from work to tell me he loves me :)
I game I've been waiting for came in the mail.
I had lunch with friends and heard about their house hunting successes.
after work there was a notice on my door that I was upgraded to a better internet speed free of charge.
I caught an error in our fixed asset database at work, and a manager e-mailed me thanks and copied my boss on the e-mail.
I had a good workout. 
People were being nice to me.
My husband renewed our Prime membership, so I would be able to go shopping for Easter. 
I played badminton yesterday and also played volleyball with my friends.
I slept in without my kids waking me up.
Going into a meeting and having the support of my supervisor.
I stayed up late last night to watch a show and it was really funny.
I saw the new.trailer for an adaptation of my favorite novel
My graduate school finally got my transcripts with my degrees confirmed on them, so I am officially enrolled now.
I met an old friend and went with him to a bar for drinks which brought back some good memories.
I was happy because I found $10 on the ground when I went to the Post Office this morning to send off a package. 
I saw a beautiful bird at my bird feeder today
I finally got a chance to listen to the new Drake album.
I saw more money come into my Amazon Mechanical Turk account. I'm new to MTurk, and was somewhat hesitant to see it as a source of potential income. But after doing several HITs and seeing that I was getting paid in a reasonable manner I was happy to know that the site actually works and that it is worth my time.
My tutoring job was cancelled--I still got paid and had extra time to read. 
Succeed in making my mturk target.
I saw hot lava flowing from a volcano into the ocean at a park.
My son showed me his art he made in class and he was very proud, which made me extremely happy.
I took a hot shower and had a nice shave.
I walked my dog in the morning and she was very friendly with another dog. 
Making a pizza for dinner.
My father got over his cancer.
My mother cooked food for all as I was sick with throat pain
Another happy even was reading that that steve bannon was kicked off the security council. The trump-russian investigations are finally catching up and we're starting to see some results. I hope more of Trump's people are punished more though for treason, with jail time, if the investigation really proves treason. America is a laughing stock now with Trump as president and this small thing about white nationalist bannon getting kicked off made me somewhat happy. 
My professor told me they like the direction my research is going
One of my cats meowed at me before I left my house today as if to say, "I'll miss you while you're gone."
I received some pants that I'd ordered in the mail, which fit well and look great!
Spending time with my friend 
My favorite band released a new song
My favorite cricket team won the match against its rivals in the opening league match of domestic championship.
I took a walk with my kids.
This evening my mother made my favorite meal and made sure she cooked it just the way I liked for my dinner.
I was able to relax and overcome the bad treatment from my mother, by staying ny myself.
I had a good conversation with friends about work related items and felt included in the conversation for once.
Finding great sales with coupons at the grocery store. 
I got a few funny messages from a longtime friend and it made me laugh.
I helped create music with my friend.
Having an especially good local breakfast with lots of fruits
I found out that certain people who do not grok the choreography are self-aware enough not to perform it in a few weeks with my bellydance troupe. 
Purchased New Dresses
I talked to my father on the phone.
Yesterday I Received message from my college friends saying that they are conducting a get together for my batch students after 22 years of finishing college life.I am very happy to hear this . I am eagerly waiting for the day of get together
Took a nap with the cat on my lap in the afternoon
I got all the laundry put away tonight, so my wife didn't have to worry about it tomorrow.
The weather made a late afternoon class get cancelled.
My puppy has finally started to learn how to go to the bathroom outside.
Played video games with the same set of people that I ate out with and had a blast because a lot of funny thing occurred.
My toddler nephew blew me a kiss as I left for work this morning.
I layed in a hammock for an hour and felt very refreshed
My husband and I worked together on planning our next vacation.
I hung out with some friends and played video games
Speaking to my sister and having her tell me how much her new work means to her, she recently embarked on a career path helping youth who struggle with mental illness.
I got admission for internship in Psychiatry department of a reputed hospital after a long try.
I had a great dinner of steak and potatoes 
My older daughter said good morning to me this morning.
I went to EMDR therapy and gained profound insight into some of the things that I had been struggling with.
Had a two hour workout.
I received my laptop in the mail
We just got a new ice cream machine and made our own flavors from herbs and fruits in our garden and it tastes amazingly good!! 
I had the day off from work.
I had been feeling sick, but now I'm feeling a lot better today!
I got a great deal on a pair of dress pants Ive been wanting
I remembered a good book to find.
 Itas incredible how much a simple thing like being lost in a forest for ten minutes will affect your outlook on life. Things like not being able to find your way back to where you came from make you appreciate the little things in life. Looking back on the day, I realize now that it was fate. Moments like that are few and far between and should be taken as a lesson. Surprises like this were, and always will be, an unexpected gift for all. 
I played some video games with my friends online.
I cuddled with my cat in bed. 
my sisters husband came back from behrain yesterday night and the reunion was at all a happy moment
Being on social media chatting with and commenting on my friend's posts.
I came home and cleaned house for 3.5 hours
At the gym, a cute girl winked at me.  I was really happy to receive the attention.
My nephew won his baseball game today.
i went to famous temple and celebrate small events. 
I remember my old memories at native place 
going to my friend's 21st birthday dinner and giving him my present!
I am happy tonight because the Cavs are winning.
I had a conversation with a friend. 
Got to spend time with my girlfriend before she has to leave again. I always miss her so much, and know that when she's away I'll cherish the memories of our time together even more.
I booked my car rental for our trip that we're taking later in the month. It's one of the last things we needed to do.
The compliment someone gave me because of my haircut made me happy.
I watched some television when I got home.  I was happy to watch my shows.  It cheered me up and helped me relax.
I went out for a nice dinner with my girlfriend.
I was able to get all my laundry done
I got some work done.
I was happy when I bought a new iPhone.
My older son apologized for his poor behavior and bad attitude he has had.
Ordered potatoes and onions to plant in our vegetable garden in the next week or two.
Eating dinner with the girlfriend while watching the news.
My mother told me that my grandmother, who has dementia, was having a very good day today and was remembering things and people (like us) much better than she usually does.
I drank a beer.
I cooked bananas foster.
I had a great idea for increasing my book sales in other countries.
Took a nap today.
I relaxed.
After getting out of work tonight I realized I have tomorrow off from work so I am happy to sleep in again tomorrow. 
My team won a game that is important for their season.
I won a match of Call of Duty with a high kill to death ratio.
Made a delicious dinner of Asian chicken salad.  
I got to catch up on most of my work that i'd been delaying the last week.
I had a pleasant and productive day at work.
I just found out my mother is getting a promotion at work and even though she's very nervous about the added responsibility I think she will do great. 
I got myself a t-shirt from the UNC National Championship game! It looks really cool and I'm so excited to wear it for the future.
I had a great time helping my parents build fences on their ranch.
I gave a successful presentation to a customer.
I played an online video game and did really well.
I learned a something new today while utilizing the fork lift to throw away plant debris.
The insurance company came and looked at the roof, so I don't have to deal with that anymore.
Received an offer to do some well paid work for the university from a professor I have been talking to about an mturk study for which my work was wrongly rejected.
My dad is buying dinner for us on Friday night.
I continued reading a funny book.
I finished something I was working on awhile and am happy with the result.
I made a nice return on my investments today after starting investing again.
My son found The Real Ghostbusters on Netflix so we sat down and watched a few cartoons together. 
A squirrel let me go out on the back porch and take her picture, and she didn't run away.
My cat crawled into my lap purring and fell asleep there.
My friend and I had fun making plans for the weekend. 
I started looking at vacation spots and trying to find good deals.
I realized I had an extra piece of candy when I thought none was left.
A Requester for Mturk set up a make up hit for me because his hit froze 40 minutes in. So, he paid me full the amount for the hit and also gave me a nice bonus.
I had an aunt and uncle drive through town for the night. We were able to go to dinner and visit for several hours. I live far away from all of my family and I rarely get visitors, it's especially nice because I haven't seen them in quite a while and I got their undivided attention. 
Looking through some photos from two years ago when my son was just over a year old and still very baby-like.
I was happy when I got to relax all day.
I made some tentative plans for this weekend.
On my way to chemistry lecture i ran into an old friend who i don't often see these days. We had a nice short conversation about things, and made plans to talk to each other again sometime for lunch. Always nice to see that things are well for people i care about. 
Lately, I worry that she hasn't been eating enough, however this morning my dog ate quite a bit more than she normally does. 
Read a really fun story. 
Being able to spend time with friends and family for a midweek fellowship dinner was a happy, carefree, and most enjoyable time that I always enjoy and look forward to again and again.
I took my dog for a long run
Helping out a doctor with an issue at work.
I had my favorite food
I was able to cook a perfect (in my opinion) steak
A toddler said hi to me on my way to my car. 
It is going to snow a few inches and then it will be 70 on Saturday.
I received a few small gift cards from my siblings.
I read a great article about gardening and jarring jellies.  It was a very informative and interesting article.  That made me very happy I could sit down and read the entire article.
Today I felt very happy to know that my two children did very well in the second period academic assessments, which shows that they are learning and are behaving with the values that are taught at home.
I planted a garden bed with my son, I love him. 
My coworkers chipped in to purchase some flowers for one of my other coworkers on paid medical leave. She will greatly appreciate them!
I went for a walk next to some train tracks near my house.
MET NEW PERSONS 
I played my part well in orchestra rehearsal.
I broke my old record in cycling speed by going over 35 MPH on my bicycle.
I cooked a pot roast for dinner and it came out really well. 
I ate pizza for dinner tonight!
My wife and I changed all the light bulbs within the house to LED lights in order to save on our electric bill.
I found a website that talks about the kind of problems I experience and how to overcome them.
My dog, whom I love very much, greeted me at the door with a wagging tail.
I worked on some paperwork that I was behind on...it felt good to get caught up.
My husband came home from work and tucked the kids in bed. It had been a long day and I was thankful for the help.
My wife got 2 days of paid vacation this week.
One of my friend is marrying next month.
My favorite baseball team one their first game of the year.
I got a coffee. 
I was able to fix an order for someone they had mistakenly placed on Amazon.
My wife remembered and called me in the night.
I realized that the Masters are starting tomorrow!
I lay in the sun on the university lawn and read a book.
I was happy to have dinner as a family.
My daughter called and we talked about the fact that she will be coming home for Easter weekend and there is a movie we would like to see together.
My son gave me a random hug and kiss.
My girlfriend sent me an adorable cat video this afternoon.
Fixing a noise from a fan in my PC that was making a sound every once and awhile.
I was able to figure out my short term goals beyond my college career. 
My boyfriend is in the Army. He has been doing field exercises all week, so we have not gotten to talk in 3 days. Unexpectedly, on my way to work this morning, he called me for a quick 15 minute chat. It started my day out perfectly.
I went to Panda Express and ordered some orange chicken with pork and fried rice.
I had time in my day to take a 30-minute nap.
I won first prize in just a minute session at my workplace.
Read books with my daughter at night
About an hour ago I made progress on my 3-page paper, due Friday.
I slept really well with my CPAP mask.
These HITs always make me very happy to see.  
I went to the library and found four books I want to read.
I finally finished some paperwork I've been working on.
I finally got the sound system I ordered online. 
My presented gift a diamond its too good I love it a lot I showed to everyone they said its too good design
ENJOY WITH FAMILY FRIENDS
I enjoyed a good dinner with my family.
I was calculating my earnings for the previous month in which I discovered that I made twice as much since the beginning of the year considering that I am self employed.
I was happy today when I found out I got approved for my car loan.
My mutual funds had a lot 0f growth today
Yesterday i went to buy new shirt and i was very happy because i got 50% discount on that shirt because the shopper selected my name for all the people present in the store in the lucky draw.
It rained.
I was able to do a sewing project that was something I had never done before!
I have been sick for the last few days and I woke up this morning with no more cold symptoms. 
My wife dressed up really cute today to celebrate the end of the semester.
I was able to get to work on time. 
When I arrived home, both my kids came and hugs me and talked to me about their day.
Customer compliments me at work
I received some sunglasses as a gift from my girlfriend.
My brand new laptop finally got delivered.
I found a dollar on the ground.
I planned my day and worked along my priorities it made me happy.
I had a really good sandwich at a coffee shop. The meat was spicy and the tomato was good, which is rare to find in a restaurant.
  yesterday my cow yielded a calf and cow licked the calf with full of love. This moistures my eyes and my family  with full of joy and happy.
We just had a call that came in as a cardiac arrest for a 11 month old.  Got there and found it only be febrile seizures.
meditation i tried today
Laying down in a warm comfortable bed with decreased worry made me happy
I kissed my girlfriend. 
The weather outside was beautiful today.
I brought up a great idea for a particular item to sell at the stores to my boss who sent it up the chain to be ordered for hundreds of stores.
Watching a movie that finally came out that I've been dying to see for awhile now.
My favorite baseball team won.
I got to sleep in.
I got to level 85 playing Lord of the Rings Online.
I was finally able to get a full night's sleep.
I ate a tasty gyro.
At lunch I was able to go to the gym and was able to up the weights on all my lifts. 
I finally made a tahini dressing that wasn't a pasty, dry mess.
Heard a great reggae song on the radio I haven't heard in a long time.
I was able to take a short nap today.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

The day with my pet
I went to bed earlier than usual.
I called my grandmother of 91 to wish her a happy birthday. 
The voices were not happy, and she was surprised to hear one of them.

I tried a new food - some kind of Chinese cake - and it was really good. 
I ran to the pharmacy and found that they had the exact diaper cream I wanted in stock.
I ran into my friend Paul biking home and we stopped and chatted. 
I got to have a nice lunch from my spouse
i had a great run.
I got to cuddle with my wife. 
Talked to my daughter on the phone
I got to pet a cat. 
I read a book in the morning instead of playing games.
I HELPED MY FRIEND IN HIS WORK (PROOF READING WORK). HE IS VERY MUCH SATISFIED IN IT. IT MAKES ME HAPPY.
I had a really good lunch.
I made it to work and class on time despite being tired.
I get to eat some delicious Chinese food! 
5 Free Kool-aid packages at Walmart.  The checkout attendant could not count.  It was only a $1.10 total, but I did not lie or cheat.  Realized it when I got home.
Finding my bird who had just been spooked from her cage happily eating jelly beans on the counter
My wife made me the most fantastic and delicious pot roast for dinner.
I finished all my homework in time and had an extremely productive day.
I went to the Old Airport Park in Kailua Kona and swam in the Pacific Ocean.
Bill Murray did not die today.
I pet my girlfriend's cat
I had a great masturbation session this morning.
I had time to spend making my senior cat feel loved and looked after.
I watched a series on Netflix.
Drank a cup of good coffee in the morning
I drank with some friends.
I finished lots of school work I have been dreading to do.
I went on a date last night and had a blast.
I received a game in the mail that I eagerly anticipating for a long time.
Got offered a new job.
I had a good cup of coffee after lunch.
The train was not delayed for the first time in weeks.
I started planning a trip to Six Flags Magic Mountain with my fiance.
today was so warm day for me and feel more positif
Eating at the dining commons late night for the first time in years
My wife told me a silly joke....Why does Tigger stink. Because he's always playing with Pooh. Gave me a good laugh.
I cleaned out the tanks on my rv which I had been putting off all winter.
I was able to go shopping and buy Noosa yogurt half off at Hyvee.
I held my neighbors baby that is 4 months old. 
I found a part that I needed for a repair in stock locally, instead of having to wait for it to be shipped from elsewhere.
Started reading a new book for the first time in months
I had one of the best dinners ever tonight.
The children in the childcare room that I was supervising actually stayed calm today!
Making myself a nice hot cup of coffee
I won an item on ebay that I'd bid on.
My crush asked me to hang out tomorrow night.
I took my dog for a walk.
I got my taxes done.
This morning, my dog came up and lied next to me in bed to snuggle. He has been doing this less and less recently, so to have him do it again made me happy.
I watched an old "Star Trek Voyager" episode and it expanded my mind and made me see the world in a different light.
My daughter met me for lunch.
I was able to work alongside my favorite coworker today and know he will be at work tomorrow.
Some of my domestic problems have been resolved and I feel light and happy because of the resolution.
We had my favorite meal tonight from the grill.
I reached a new personal best on the  bench press.
I got my salary credited today morning to my bank account and that moment feels happy.
I was feeling sad, so I went to see my girlfriend just to hang out with someone. We cuddled and watched a movie.
I m very Happy when we came back from dehradun tour my all family member welcomed to us.
I talked to a coworker about movies we'd seen recently.  
Today I went to temple and had a beautiful morning and I enjoyed the climate in temple and I got peaceful mind and that moment feels happy
I cuddled with my cat and petted her while she purred. 
My two sons were very well behaved while shopping at the grocery store with me after school.
I was happy when the San Francisco Giants won because I bet on them and won some money. 
I was able to display my craft for sale in a flower shop.
I made a good amount of money freelancing before and after work, really was surprised and pleased by that.
I spent time with my children.
Had a barbecue in backyard garden in the early evening.
Received a mail from senior management that my team has won the award for best team of the year with reward money of $1000 to each member. I was delighted and shared with everyone by calling them as I had nominated the team with all data. It was an achievement for me.
My cats lounging around with me made me pretty happy. 
I found a good contractor to repair some steps outside my home.
got to see a movie with my girlfriend
I gave a presentation that went really well.
I found out I don't have to commute to the city to cover for another associate next week like I thought I was going to have to, so I was very relieved.
Washing the dog.
Playing video games and doing well.
I got to facetime with my boyfriend, who had some good news to tell me.
My kids have both been sick and today is the first day in a week that they are both medication free and doing well. I am elated and this event leads to so much more happiness because it creates peace of mind and it gives me and them a good chance of having a good nights sleep.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
Donut and iced tea from dunkin donuts for breakfast!!
I took a nice bath. It was very pleasant.
I normally catch a red light at the main traffic signal going home, but miraculously I managed to catch it while it was green today.
I got a call to check out another apartment today, even though I have one set up for me. I looked at it and was not interested, so I was happy with my choice of deposit on the first one. This lasted around 20 minutes looking at the place.
I am very happy to hear from my sister-in-law that they planned to visit from out of state. They have just finalized their flights and will be spending a week in my home. I'm so ecstatic to see them, for it has been over a year. We plan to do many things together and have a relaxing time.
My mom and sister and I were laughing about memories together. Was a change from how things normally are in my house. Was nice.
My husband getting home from work. 
The temperature outside today felt perfect, and it was sunny for most of the day too.
Bought a new Bluetooth speaker 
The worker at the restaurant I went to took a customized order and was very friendly. 
I listened to a fun podcast.
I was happy I came across old friends.
I started a new gym membership on a reduced fee trial for one month.
I woke up to another day
My son hug me today morning.
I got to eat a birthday cake pop from Starbucks which was really tasty.
I got to see good people.
Finally eating a good dinner after a day at work.
It was raining this morning and that made me happy since I like rain.
Getting my money back after disputing a fee.
When me and my wife talked about vacation spots for her upcoming birthday.
I went out to lunch at a barbecue restaurant and it was really good. Loved it. 
My friend and I discussed an upcoming hike we're going on together.
we family members  going to the picture in past.that is one of the happiest moment.
Received more state test results for son, top in grade again. 
i got to get off work early tonight and spend extra time with the family.
I ate a delicious dessert with lunch.
I got to see a few of my wedding pictures today and they looked absolutely incredible!
Talking to my Long distance boyfriend
I tried putting a shirt on that was previously a bit too snug for comfort and it now fits perfectly.
Yesterday evening we had guests, we chatted for long time.
My husband came home from work.
I had a lazy morning, took a long shower and watched my favorite video game stream while I got ready for school and work today.
when my sister buying a new home 
I finally finished reading a travel guide book, and started to plan out my family's summer vacation.
I had a good counseling appointment with a student I am mentoring.
I was last happy when I took my kids to the park. I met a neighbor and we instantly connected. It was nice to watch my kids playing with other kids while bonding with the parents. 
There was a new episode of my current favorite show.
I recently bought a subscription to Gamefly and rented 2 games.
today i went to the market with my mother and i buy some food for the week.
I played with my dog. 
I had a good workout.
I got a compliment from a complete stranger.
My happiest moment was when I gave birth to my son. After
nine long months of waiting to meet him, at last that day
came. I was just so happy, and its unexplainable!

I was happy to come home after a long day and have dinner with my husband.
I saw Katamaraidu  movie.
My wife gave one kiss to me while she leaving home to office. That absolutely made me so happy !!!.
I found an hour of my day to relax and listen to a podcast
I got all the things I asked to God in prayer this week. I am very thankful to my Creator and happy. 
Relaxing in bed with my cat cuddling me
My Dad bought me pizza for dinner and I spent time with him and my family.
After work I went for a run on the cliffs outside of town and watched the sunset. 
Finishing my taxes made me feel happy that I didn't have to pay that much and didn't have to worry about it anymore.
Binged to catch up on the show "Trial and Error" on Hulu.
my daughter got a first rank in their school and the school premises are given a first prize to her.at that moment i was very happy to me.
I enjoyed coming home to my family. 
 My wife went and got dinner for me tonight. 
I had a strong performance in my online trivia league, winning the match and putting myself in good position for the playoffs. 
I got a job in a MNC company and they gave first month salary to me by hand at that time my family was in so many problems and i gave my salary to my parents they felt very happy that makes me happy.
Today i was playing video game with my brother. And that too my favourite game. It was such a fun experience competing on a favourite video game with your brother. This made me happy today.
 I was able to wash my car, and get it all cleaned out, that always makes me happy. 
i watched one of the my favourite movie
I saw a cute puppy
My girlfriend came over and we spent a couple of hours watching TV and eating popcorn
Got high bonuses on my work, getting bonuses regularly on daily basis
We went to a temple nearby my house and had a good time with my family.
 My 93-year-old mother, who has been very sick lately, got a clean bill of health today from the doctor. 
I played and won a few matches of Overwatch on the Playstation 4 this evening.
I got about an hour to myself today to read.  
I played fetch with my dogs, who just turned 9.
I went to Beach.
I bought a brand new car yesterday, i am so excited.
Coworker made me a slice of cheesecake.
I got to drink a full cup of tea undisturbed while my son played independently.
I watched Doctor Strange.
I went to cinema.
I watched Supernatural actors talk about funny things that happen with each other.
I watched Baseball Tonight.
I bought beer.
Getting to wake up beside my boyfriend every morning.
At work we landed a account we never thought we would.
My team won the match in IPL
I got to watch this week's episode of Survivor.
I washed the dishes and cleaned the kitchen and now I feel much better.
happy to my work
I saw a romantic tamil movie casting by vijay as hero role.
I experienced happiness today when my significant other called and told me that he may have found a better job.
My friend got promotion .
I found out that I had more money in my account than I thought I did.
Yesterday i was enjoy this movement because, He was presented gift with my birthday celebration.
I got my step count in. 
I got things in the office cleaned and arranged for a new piece of equipment.
Eating Chocolate cake and drinking milk at bedtime with my kids made me very happy.
Took my kids to the zoo and saw the excitement on their faces.
Yesterday I was going to my friend marriage function
I had a conversation with a friend that was enjoyable. 
stopping at taco bell on the way home from work. No late night cooking for me!
I had a friend over, we watched Netflix and enjoyed a nice evening.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I received a check in the mail that I was not expecting.
I WENT TO YOGA
I went for a haircut. I've cancelled two times before but I decided I had to take some time for myself - I needed it! It feels so good to shed some of the weight both physically and emotionally and it just refreshes me!
My baby boy ate applesauce in a really cute way.
I got a $46.00 Visa card for test driving a Hyundi 
Bought a mobile for myself
Had my favourite sweet after long time
Today morning i went to play tennis after a long time and it made me happy.
Went to Applebee's for dinner tonight with my girlfriend and we got a bunch of half-priced apps! 
The food and beer that I consumed in the past 24 hours made me happy, if only for a short period of time. 
Today my girl friend kiss on my lips thats the happiest event for me.
The new season of Prison Break begin and I watch the first episode of the season since 2010
few hours ago i send a message to my girl friend to speak something with lovable moment
Yesterday i went for my nephews birthday party n i spend time with my family .i feel happy to spend time with my family .
I enjoyed relaxing and watching Netflix at home with my girlfriend.
I planted flowers for my wife in our garden.
I WAS GOING FOR MY BIRTHDAY FUNCTION IN YESTERDAY.
I got my online order delivered yesterday, and I liked it very much
I was able to finish my workout and I was glad it was over.
A event that made me happy today was seeing what my bonus check will be from work.
I made waffles this morning.
When I went to buy my breakfast this morning, the cashier knew what I was getting since I get the same thing every morining.
Reading a chapter of a manga that I love made me feel happy.
I met my colleagues in the office. They are wonderful people. I feel happy after meeting them today.
That my wife had a good time at her work party.
Today I received the profit for the investment I had done in my mom's business.
I spent time with my mom picking out baby books.
I paid off my health insurance bill for the month.
The rice I made was cooked evenly and had no hard bits.
I ate tilapia
We fed stray dogs outside the theater 
My friends and neighbors appreciated the antique Piece  OF austin.
I got to spend time with my significant other.
evening i went to shopping and purchased my favorite dress
My team won cricket match
Due to lighter-than-usual traffic and getting nearly all green lights, I made great time getting home from work.
Yesterday Morning, I saw a old man starving for food.That felt me very sad.Then I took him to small hotel and made him to eat.He ate and  blessed me. That felt me happy
I signed up for summer classes to start my Nursing degree with a good professor.
I got a new 2017 dodge charger, I have gotten a lot of looks in it.
Finishing a project at work and getting praise for it. 
Had a nice dinner with my wife.
I enjoyed have sex with my wife in the bedroom
A long peaceful chat with my dad makes me feel relaxed
Cracking up with my mom.
evening i went to shopping and purchased my favorite dress
i had korean food for dinner ( my favorite)
Coloring with my daughter
I made a smoothie for breakfast from fresh fruit and it was delicious.
I came stumbled upon a video on YouTube of a motorcycle ride in the mountains that is one of my favorites.
I got approved for a loan.
I took my kids and wife to a local carnival ride, and we had great time.
last day doctors successfully completed my grand mother heart operation that day my total family members and relations say thanks to doctors and god,now she was good health
The weather today has been the first really nice day this new spring season. Living on a college campus, everyone was out enjoying the day and it was a nice relief from the constant cold temperatures during winter.
One of my co-workers applied for to many extra work hours and couldn't do it, I offered to take them since I badly needed the money; I'm now a few extra bucks towards my finical goal.
The whole day there was no work and hence watched movies. Felt relaxed.
It made me happy when I got to eat.
I had achievement of my target yesterday itself
I talked to my brother on the phone who I hadn't heard from in awhile.
Watched a video of April the giraffe awaiting her baby calf at Animal Adventure Park.
I made plans to try out a new pizza recipe with my boyfriend this week.
My uncle is reaching out to give me guidance and encouragement in my life while my father isn't being helpful.    
I just bought a new watch.
Everyone went to bed early (except me) and i'm having some much needed quiet time.
I shared some laughter with a friend when joking around about cats.
I found a good bargain on a new camera.
I got a nice haircut.
My dog did a funny thing while playing with a dog toy.
Watching movie
I went on an intense bike ride and got some good exercise
I took my dog to the dog park and she was really excited and playing with everything in sight.
I got a call from my friend who had recently relocated to Canada for work
thank you for this hit and i am learning and earning a lot of things from these hit it really making me very happy  and to day i m being warned by the people for the problem and solution and really liking it.
I am happy because I just took back a pokemon go gym that was taken from earlier today.
I was able to finish the TV series I have been wanting to watch.
I went to the gym and did a lot of weight lifting, I felt tired but great afterwards.
I have a start-up Sugar Free blog that felt nearly impossible to keep up during the holidays and I just got a message from a follower saying aI am so encouraged by your account, I just found out I have to go completely sugar free, and I had no idea I could still eat so many amazing foods!a.
I SAW A WONDERFUL MOVIE YESTERDAY IT WAS A BEAUTIFUL & COLOURFUL LOVE MOVIE I ENJOYED A LOT AND EACH & EVERY SHOT WAS VERY NICE THE WHOLE I WAS THING ABOUT THE MOVIE 
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
I got the news of my promotion to a higher post.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.

MY DAD GOT JOB OPPORTUNITY IN FOREIGN COUNTRY SO I FELT VERY HAPPY FOR HIM.
I went out to dinner with my wife and it was really good.
I found out Archer came back for a new season and watched the episode.
I spoke to a good friend on the phone that I have not talked to in a long while.
I played with my friends kittens.
I'm happy. I am a happy person. I have Lord. I have a wonderful and beloved son. I have a wonderful and beloved mother. Every day I can be happy, because I consider myself to be a happy person.
Making a delicious supper for my family that the children actually ate. 
I did some cleaning up on my laptop.
I WENT SHOPPING MALL
I was able to help my daughter resolve a problem she was having.
My new,free, scanner works perfectly.  
I went to dance class.
I completed a major website that I was working on and got some very good reviews on the same. 
It was a very memorable day for me yesterday as my wife gave birth to a girl child and we are thrilled to the core
We had a delicious dinner of pasta and salmon.
Late night after tiring work day I had a full sex night with mt spouse which give me a fresh and relax feeling after 0ne week, this makes me to happy.
i attended my cousin marriage party..after long time all family members met together
I was able to get a lot of errands done.
I recently reconnected with my sister. We live several hours away and our main form of communication is through phone. I have been busy as I know she has been as well. We are one year apart, age wise, and we started talking again after years of not speaking to each other. It feels heart warming to have a familiar presence back into my life. 
my college arrange the function specially for me . because my rank is university first . it make me felt very surprising and excited . i would feel happier and my parents are very very happy and proud about me . it is unforgettable moment in my life . i think it is dream , but not t all . it is real . i can't believable this situation .
I was happy when I found 5 dollars in my pocket that I had left last winter - it felt like winning a mini lottery!

I trimmed my scraggly beard down quite a bit.  I now don't feel so messy when I eat.  I also feel ten pounds lighter.  Spring is in the air!
I created a flyer for an business open house we are holding at work on Saturday. My boss loved it
My son will be born by c section Friday morning, I can't wait.
I went to a carnival with my family and it made me happy
Went to costco today, Found a bunch of new light bulbs. The good expensive LED ones, were half off!
Went to costco today, Found a bunch of new light bulbs. The good expensive LED ones, were half off!
A long Journey to Tourist Centres in our Area moving with my friends in the Train, Suddenly my Berth Chain one side was broken in one mid night, Suddenly I was Shocked to know the Situation, what is happened to me, I Cried loudly, my nearer one rescued from while putting his hands, that time my feelings was too Happy. I Congratulates him after words, this Situation I never forget in my life. 
My cousin found an old video of me on Facebook and posted it, it got many compliments and likes.
My significant other had a knob replaced in my car that I had broken without me asking him to. 
BIKE RIDING WITH MY FRIENDS
I found some chicken and potatoes in the freezer that I had forgotten were there. I was searching for something to have for dinner and I was happy I found something good.
WATCHING FILM ON THEATRE 
I found a bedding set (sheets, comforter, pillows, curtains, etc.) on sale, online, in the color and style that I've been wanting and ordered it
I completed a lot of my tasks for work.
I had a good steak for dinner.
I helped out a colleague with printing jobs & he was higher level than me.
I had ice cream for dessert.
paying rent 
Watched a really skilful and exciting football match on TV with Chelsea and Man City.
The Phillies played at night, making me satisfied with my sports viewing.
A little child  ( a relative of mine) came home and spent some time in my place. 
I joked around with my suitemate about the latest memes on Reddit and also the first episode in season 3 of the TV show, Rick and Morty.
I watched an episode of a TV show I like.
I played video games.
A sore throat that I felt coming on yesterday I completely gone which is a huge relief since I absolutely can't stand to have a sore throat. 
Watched a funny korean drama. Enjoyed it very much
I wasn't able to find parking to get a free cone of Vanilla, Carmel, Fudge ice-cream from Ben and Jerry's so I went to Safeway and 
bought a pint of it.
I cuddled with my dog.
Got to see an old friend on lunch break yesterday, and it was a lot of fun.
TODAY I WENT TO HOSPITAL WITH MY SISTER. THE DOCTOR TOLD MY SISTER IS PREGNANT. THAT WAS VERY HAPPY MOMENT FOR THAT. TODAY I AM VERY HAPPY.
YESTERDAY I WAS GONE FOR SUPER MARKET.
My significant other and I had a really nice time spending an evening with each other.
A girl I'm talking to as more than friends called and wants to hang out this weekend.
Today I gifted my mom cause its her bday
Good one to remember as always
Texting my family and having a laugh about some past family memories made me happy. 
I was happy when I had Chinese buffet for lunch.
I listened to my favorite Natalie Grant album
I spoke with a job recruiter regarding a new position and my resume was submitted to a new company.
i went to hotel for lunch with my family
Arrived at work and was greeted with a personalized hand note saying "Thank you for your work in project X "
I secured a good discount on my power bill.
we had a nice bar b que dinner
i visited a school of 300 students where each one look very happy while playing games in the field.
Yesterday I baked my first homemade cheesecake for my husband and he loved it.
I took a friend to lunch yesterday for her birthday. 
I got home to find out that my boyfriend had cleaned the house and done laundry. 
company increased my commission  to day
I was able to do some work.
Making my son's and my favorite dinner, which had been slowly cooking all day, perfectly.
I ordered pizza and it wasn't raw in the middle this time when it got here.
I checked the forecast and saw warmer weather coming.
I bought a new pair of shoes on the internet which were on sale and had a great price.
The same artist who made the art book I purchased, made a piece of art just for me, based on a prompt of mine, and posted it on their website.
I've got my first accepted HITs today on MTurk after not having logged on since 2012 and it feels really great to be back doing these.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I got to play a video game with one of my best friends. 
My nephew called me today and made me laugh, he was talking about his adventurous school day. It was hilarious. 
I saw a deer running through the park that I pass through on my way home.
Took a nice nap.
My husband made delicious chocolates again.
While waiting for my contractor to come by today, I had the opportunity to get a lot of my personal chores done which will leave me personal time to myself this weekend..
Today, I met with my childhood freind almost after 10 years.
My 18th birthday. It was amazing, my mother ordered this amazing cake, I got flowers from my mum and dad, everyone I loved came to my place in the evening. Then the next day my cousin brother did the sweetest thing ever and later that day I got The Fault in our stars as a birthday gift from a close friend
My husband cleaned the house.
And finally, sitting down in the shower in the evening after a productive work day, and taking some very, very deep breaths to relax and reflect before you surrender yourself to the bed. Yes, this happened today and it certainly bought a big happy smile on my face.
My group of friends and I bought some flight tickets to visit China. One of them was not sure if he could get a holiday in that period so he tried to buy the tickets the second day, after he got more information from his boss. Unfortunately the prices had risen by 50% and that made him really sad. In the evening I tried another booking website and I found the same flight at the same cost as before. It made him very happy and I had a great day as well.
my ex girlfriend donated me a lump some  amount for my life for not revealing her love story to her husband
I shaved my chest today and now it feels smoother. This has made me happy too. 
I WENT TO PARTY
I WENT TO MOVIE
i went to meet my old over today
I WENT TO MOVIE
Wife cooked my favorite meal for dinner
I WENT TO YOGA
I am been praying for a financial miracle and it all happens when I least expected it.
Another event that made me happy was watching my favorite baseball team win.
I said something that helped cheer up a depressed friend. 
I received a gift from my wife as a token of love and felt really happy.
I expected to have a busy, stressful day at work, but my workload didn't end up being bad at all
I finished a scarf I was knitting for charity.
I won five dollars by playing a one dollar lottery ticket and never win anything.
I got the tax return letter from the tax office.
My daughter drew me a picture today that was so cute. I was dressed as a bunny holding an easter egg. It was adorable.
i did sex with my co worker to day
The time table for course registration got moved up to a more favorable date for me. 
I was happy within the last 24 hours when I received some money from my family that I really needed. 
I was happy to finally figure out the puzzle I was stuck on in the video game I was playing. 
Went to temple with all family members after a long time in this present busy life.
I watched the interview of a golfer for the masters.
having a great workout
yes child growth is happy movement.
I found out someone received a letter I was anxious about sending.
I was happy to have a glass of rum.
I found out my other daughter was asked to go to prom. She was very excited which always makes me happy.
I had an appointment cancelled which gave me 2 hours of free time.
I got a new character in a game that I like to play.
My wife made me soup, her own improvised  recipe which was very tasty!!
I watched the finale of Big Little Lies and I really enjoyed the show.  I read the book, so the show was entertaining and made me happy.
A friend reminded me of a hilarious movie we watched together a couple years ago when she came to visit me.
I got to sleep in yesterday for an extra hour.
My friend uploaded a hilarious replay of a really bad Super Smash Bros. player, I'm still laughing about it.
I found $15 in a pair of shorts that I haven't worn in a year.
My husband FINALLY bought himself a new truck. He works so hard and deserves one. His other one was on its last leg and he decided on a full size, fully loaded chevy silverado- I am so excited and happy for him!
Something that made me happy is that my husband told me that we are going to go visit family for a week and a half on Friday. 
I had dinner last night with a great friend that I had not seen in a while.
Arround  at after noon i went for shopping many things i bought for my self that was pleasure for me.
My family and I were safe from the bad weather that came through our area.
I was able to get the Monroe piercing that I had wanted for the last year.
My spouse was teasing me and it was the cutest thing ever.
My baby chickens have learned how to take flight.
Tomorrow we are go to Thirupathi  and 1week stay it
I had a great lunch yesterday at Buffalo Wild Wings.
Purchased a Bicycle for exercising purpose and keep my body healthy.
I still have my first web site online today, although the domain name has changed (I lost the password to my account which meant I lost the domain). In the first year it was making about 100pounds per week with very little effort. The day I realized that I could earn money without hard graft such as driving around garages was surely one of the happiest moments of my life.
Played music with a neighbor.
I spent time with my children playing imaginary games and laughing.
I played catch and retrieve with my cat and a hair tie.
I got a lot of reading done. 
I put an item on eBay to sell for my Son. I wasn't sure it would sell but took pictures and wrote an honest description of the item and listed it. Within 10 minutes some had accepted the minimum price which means it's sold. Now it's just a matter of how high it will go.
I was able to wake up early this morning, which allowed me to clean up my apartment and go to the local gym before work
I was sick last night, and my daughter called me from school after being invited to go eat with her friend so I didn't have to cook dinner.
When I went outside to go for a walk it smelled like spring flowers in the air.
I made future plans to spend time with my boyfriend.
My daughter and I had a nice cup of tea and some biscuits.
Found out about a trick to use my phone and it's been helpful.
Walked the dog after dinner.
I got chipotle for dinner last night.
Drinking beer and eating pizza at night
I talked to my mom on the phone to see how she was feeling because her health is in question.
Hearing the birds chirping and being able to open my windows. It's been a long , cold winter and I'm excited about nicer weather! 
My wife was super nice to me tonight.
I had been worried that I would need to file an amended tax return due to receiving some bad data but found out that it had been done correctly
I accomplished several small tasks at work that I had been putting off due to time restraints and other items that precedence. 
My daughter installed a new modem for our internet while I was out to dinner with friends. 
I completed several higher paying HITs in MTURK yesterday which put me well over my personal earnings goal for the day.
Getting a shipping confirmation email for the vinyl release of the Westworld soundtrack. I had forgotten I pre-ordered it so it was a nice surprise of sorts.
I took a warm bath.
Being able to pay my credit card off for this month.
Bought a new saree which made me so happy
I was able to help a coworker that really needed some help with her work.
I finished a craft project I designed of an owl to sell. It came out much better than I thought it would.
It wasn't so hot this week.
I watched my favorite shows with my husband. 
I loved eating chocolate ice cream.
My wife and I went out for a romantic dinner.
Yesterday was one of the first days in a long day i had a ten dollar day on Mturk. If i could do that everyday i would make enough to pay all my Utility bills.
I was able to bake a delicious cake from scratch.
I was able to go to the gym and work out
I made a very tasty breakfast, which was great since I usually don't eat breakfast. 
I went for a run after it rained and the air was cool and crisp and felt good on my skin. 
I went to sleep
I took a pilates class at my gym
We bought the rest of the materials to finish the chicken coop, the chicks love the larger area. 
I wrapped up a never ending project at work. 
My daughter wrote exam well and which made me happy
I found a replacement charger for my phone at the corner store. 
A friend of mine won a public office position she was really hoping she'd get.
For lunch yesterday, I took my son to Chic-fil-a to have a play date with his best buddy. I was so happy watching them play and giggle.There is nothing quite like watching children play joyously.
When I got home from work, my 3-year old son came running up to me, gave me a big hug, and said "I'm so happy you're home, Daddy!"
Yesterday I weighed myself and even in the evening I was under 150 lbs.
Dinner was a success and both the kids ate all of it. 
I played Alexa Jeopardy and got all the answers right.
I got my hair done after weeks of waiting for an appointment.
A three month work project that we do twice per year will be done today and I am very happy to get it off of my plate.
When I took the trash out this morning I noticed the beautiful spring flowers in bloom in our backyard as well as the neighbor's cherry tree in bloom.
I went grocery shopping and was able to pay for groceries myself.
I received good news about my position in the company.
I woke up early and got my morning work done before 10am. 
My son learned to laugh and laughed at me today!
I purchased a new tablet for my son.
I was able to make some progress on a project at work. 
Chatting with my best friend who recently moved out of country.
I see a  funny video shared by one of my relative.
i talked to an old friend that i have not seen him since last year.
Yesterday evening I came home from work to my wife, who was in such a wonderful mood after enjoying her first day off in a long time.
I was happy when I finished work early.
I made bacon last night for BLT's.  The bacon turned out absolutely perfectly which made me very happy. 
The workshop I that I taught for work was highly successful.
Going to the movies with my friends. 
I played soccer at the university
On the way home from work the radio was playing a bunch of songs that I like. 
I was not part of the group that went offsite at work, thus I did not get stuck in the rain all day.
I made my goal for MTurk yesterday.
having dinner with my wife last night, after work
I made my son's favorite dinner and he thanked me.
It was my dads 90th birthday yesterday so I went to go see him with our dog that he loves to play with. He is in the best of health, and I am very happy to have him in my life. You never know how long you may have your parents, and I make sure to see him or talk to him every day.
The weather was perfect yesterday; sunny, warm, and breezy.
I found the instrumental for "Humble" by Kendrick Lamar, and a kid and I started writing a rhyme to it. 
There was an unexpected plot twist in one of my favorite weekly shows, 'the Imposters'.
I am a spiritual person and do my prayer daily in the morning and evening. I feel relaxed, calm and happy after doing it.
I whipped up some chocolate milk to have with dinner last night, and it came out delicious and frothy.
I improved an excel sheet to be more automated. 
Having dinner with my fiancee's parents to celebrate her sister's birthday.
I got to buy my favorite donut for breakfast this morning and it started my day pretty good.
I was happy eating a homemade burrito (yummy!) with a good craft beer yesterday.
My spouse and I relaxed on the couch with our cats for a couple hours.
When i was going in bike a found a bike with empty fuel. I carried him with my bike to the near by petrol bunk and helped him he was happy.
Walking around the park and stopping at the concession stand with my son for our favorite nachos and cheese.
My new soldering station came in the mail.
I was happy when my cat gave birth to 4 beautiful kittens.

Went to my mothers and spent time with her and my dog.
My daughter wanted to cuddle
I read a book which is more entertaining one. 
I scheduled some time off next week to try and get myself a rest.
I was able to find a cabin to stay in for vacation in an extremely competitive market.
My Ad Film got nominated for one MNC product, inclusive of my team celebrated grand party, I never forget those moments.
I got a 1 TB hard disk full of movies from my friend for one week.
I watched a movie, Jungle Book, with friends.
My team wins an exciting football match today.
The weather made be really happy yesterday morning and afternoon as the temperature was in the high 70s and the sun was shining brightly.  I spent a lot of the day outdoors soaking up nature.  Then in the evening we had thunderstorms and lighting!  Go figure.  I just love Mother Nature :)
My daughter slept peacefully in the early part of the night which allowed me and my wife a lot of free time to relax.
When I went to pick up my kids, I was very happy to see my eldest son's smiling face as he waved hello to me.
I was happy when my husband came home early from work.
Had Pizza Hut for the first time in years.
My friends invited me out to trivia night last night.
I was happy when my youngest daughter started talking more. 
I decent work out.
I stepped on the scale and saw that I had lost 5 lbs.
I was happy that I able to go for a long walk today.
I was playing games online with some friends and it was a lot of fun
Did a much needed cleaning of the kitchen.
My baby ate an apple for the first time and liked it.
I got a massage.
I started to read a book on cognition.
I can eat hamburgers, again, after two years of being unable to digest bread and I managed to eat an actual hamburger, with a thin bun, yesterday!
I came home to see my children and it was still light outside. 
I played outside with my dogs for a while last night.
I did not eat out today, which for me was really hard to not eat out.  So it was amazing, I now feel amazing. 
I got breakfast in bed.
My cat is not as sick as we thought!
Talked to a friend I have not met for a long time
I ate some balling chicken wings.
The book I am reading finally started to get good.
I was happy when I was working.
My dog kota wanted to hang out with me and cuddle.
My town was spared the tornados that were all around. 
I started a new TV show and it was really really good! I am excited to keep watching it. 
My favorite baseball team won their game yesterday 
My favorite yogurts were buy one get one free.
Being caught up at work.
My crush gave me a hug.
The snow is melting, spring in on its way.
I picked up my cat and hugged him tightly
Yesterday i did a good job through mturk and earned above my average pay of a day. I feel very much happy and that income will help me a lot.
I was able to settle down a dispute in my family
One of my projects at work took significantly less time than expected.
The weather yesterday was beautiful, and we were able to enjoy time outside with the kids!
My puppy learned how to sit.
ate a delicious chocolate
My husband talked about starting plans for renovating our home.
I got to show off the new shades we installed in the living room.
I tried a new brand of apple pie after dinner last night. 
I am happy because my boyfriend and I already resolved our small conflict.
We got an extra paycheck that was not expected this month.
Having a gin and grapefruit juice.
Me and my husband went to the stores to shop some clothes
I finished all my homework for the week.
One of my office colleague was absent today, he keeps me on my edge every day, so i felt really relaxed and enjoyed my work today.
Last year i went to a soccer game of my favorite team (Real Madrid), and realized one of my life goals. It was one of the most emotive moments i had in my life.
I had a natural food bar that was very tasty. It was one of those food replacement bars made of nuts and chocolate. It was very yummy and I enjoyed the flavor and taste of it. 
I got promoted at work and also got a raise
I found a job posting that looks interesting and promising.
My son and I went out to dinner
My daughter has won the prize in the quiz competition held in his school.This made me feel happy
My four-year-old son is getting so smart and funny. I've really enjoyed the observations he makes from his car seat. Yesterday, he was reminiscing about our visit to Great Wolf Lodge. I loved hearing about things from his point of view.
I brushed my cats to help them shed their winter coats.
Watching the new episode of Little Women Atlanta. 
My office annul day function. I am participant the dancing program get the first price in the function.
i am very really happy and enjoyed the function.
Yesterday morning I went to walk in nature with my sweet elder sister, after many days, and we had a great time chatting and laughing, it made me really very happy.
My daughter performed in her last Middle school play last night. I am so proud of her for her performance and that despite her father and I being quite, reserved people, she is able to put herself out there. 
There was nothing so exceptionally surprising in that, however, yesterday event occasion is astonishing like feel bunches of the glad minute. a few occasions happen that turns into a remarkable memory and which educates such a lesson, to the point that ends up noticeably one of the essential rules in the life.
My boyfriend cleaned the downstairs out of nowhere. 
My five-year old daughter read to me aloud in the car yesterday.  She is just learning to read and her two upper front baby teeth are missing so the story was more amusing than it otherwise would have been.
The happiest moment in my life is when I passed my 10th class and I reached my house where every body was 
celebrating . This is the happiest moment in life.
I got to have breakfast with a great friend and we were able to catch up and hang out for an hour.
My boyfriend came home from work with one of our favorite pizzas.
Got a letter from Emily with her sharing my sentiments  in almost an identical mirror-like fashion!
I got off of extra work assignments.
Yesterday I was playing with my cat and a red light. He was being silly and funny as he tried to chaise the light around the room. 
Donating items to a local charity for kids such as games, clothes and other little items. 
I talked with some friends.
Made an omelette by my own for the first time.
I was able to sleep through the night without my kids waking me up.
I had a nice breakfast. Tasty yogurt and unhealthy croissants. 
I got a text message from my girl
I was called in my boss' office and got a raise, made me very happy.
I took a funny picture of myself
I got all my work done before lunch and had the afternoon to relax.
I shared hugs and kisses with my wife after sharing some good memories. 
Excited the week is over the hump.
My daughters had good doctors appointment today.
I won at a card game against my friends.
I listen some old songs.
I buy a couple of new shoes on amazon.
I was able to sell a few of my puppies to new parents!
I see new exciting video shared by my friend.
I solved a complex problem at work
I landed a book editing job for an annual project that I love.
I completed all my tasks at work. 
I was happy to have a job.
I got my dinner into the crockpot nice and early which will make my life easier tonight!
I received a thoughtful email from a friend.
I cooked a good dinner.
attended a medical camp as a volunteer to help the needy gave me so warm and calm 
All of my work on Mturk was approved and paid by the time I signed on this morning.
I got 40% off of a pizza I ordered for dinner last night.
I've gotten about enough sleep for the 3rd night in a row
I used my foot spa with Epsom salt.
Planning my honeymoon 
I cooked some spaghetti for dinner and enjoyed a few glasses of red wine while preparing and during the meal.
I took a walk around the city after work. The weather was once again pleasant. 
I had an easy commute into work today, I drive an hour and a half and there was no traffic, so it was a great way to start my day.
Cuddling with my dog while watching a movie made my happy last night.
My husband came home from work in a good mood.
I made my family their favorite dinner last night and they were all happy and thanked me and that made me feel happy as well. 
I made a very healthy and nutritious dinner consisting of Fish and rice
I made a stencil on my Silhouette cutting machine.
This morning I made it to work early and beat traffic.
I got the chance to try a new brand of coffee and it turned out to taste better than what I usually buy; this will be my new go-to coffee now.
Being able to spend some time quietly reading with my wife.
This person at work I really dislike took the day off. No annoying e-mails!
I helped my daughter with her homework last night. 
i was happy last night when my tax refund came through and there was suddenly a good chunk of money in my savings
I got a full nights rest without much interruption.
I got a raise at work in celebration of my one year anniversary.
I made $25 doing a menial task.
I saw on tv that President Trump was going to do something about Syria.
I rode my bicycle up a difficult hill; though my legs were tired I reached the peak and went back down.
I paid all of the bills for the month so I don't have to worry about them any more.
I spoke with my mom on the phone. 
I got a side gig, so i was able to make more money.
My 2 year old daughter gave me a hug and kiss without me asking for it.
I got a great night sleep and really needed it. 
I was approved for a higher credit limit on my credit card
I met my best friend for a birthday lunch and got to see her sweet little one. 
Me watching youtube.
I am happy because I found out that a friend of mine got a promotion and we are going to be doing some celebrating later on today. 
I had an interesting day at work.
Yesterday I helped the CEO with a technology problem. He gushed about how well I was able to find a solution and quickly. 
I read a book to my two children last night before bed, and they always enjoy that so much.
I had a quiet evening at home with my husband which is something that rarely happens.
My wife and I went over all of our pictures from our vacation. 
We're getting married next month and after months of deliberation, we finally ordered our wedding cake!
Sitting on the couch, eating dinner, and watching netflix.
I helped my daughter to create her talent show act. we laughed together as we worked together to perfect it. it was a good bonding time and made me very happy.
There was a horrible storm system in our state yesterday and tornadoes were predicted. We didn't get hit by any of them.
I heard from a friend from whom I haven't heard in awhile, and she's getting married!
My husband remembered to zip up the windows in my Jeep, he knew it was going to rain and I didn't.
My granddaughter spent the night with me.
I had a healthy breakfast.
I reached my fitness goal for the past 24 hours. 
I finally cleaned out my closet and got rid of all the trash and donation items.
I managed to go out on a date whit one girl which I like. 
I was able to go home early from work and spend some time with my son, and that made me happy. 
I edited a new video for my youtube channel.
I had breakfast with my kids.
Watching "The Goldbergs."
Last night before bed, I went to play games with some family and friends at my brother's house.  We played some silly games on Airconsole using our smart phones to play.  There were lots of laughs and it was fun for everyone.
Someone brought in donuts today for our morning staff meeting.  Mine was very good.  
Listened to a song that I love on the way to work and sung loudly to it in the car.
Fixed what I thought would be an expensive fault on my truck for much cheaper
I am always happy when I get home and am greeted by my animals.
A plant that I have was wilted, but when I watered it the plant came back to life pretty quickly.
I talked to my dad on skype. 
An old friend called out of the blue because she was thinking about me.
Being able to lay down in my soft bed after a very long day. 
I had dinner with my dad, which i do not get to do that often.
I made a meal for myself that was delicious.
My neighbor stopped by to bring my mail that i had unknowingly dropped outside.
I had a very productive rehearsal with my elementary band who are usually very difficult to get to do anything.
I was happy when I had a great class yesterday.
My Blues beat Man City yesterday to ear a huge three points and keep the gap in the race for the title the same. 
The cute girl at the coffee shop and I made nice small talk this morning.  
My daughter came home with a good Math grade, as she has been struggling all year.
I played a few games of Magic cards with my co-worker.
Got a good night's rest and woke up early.
My friends and I finally beat a level on a video game  that we have been stuck on for a while.
I completed the outline of a book that I plan to self publish which took me some time to complete but is the catalyst for my getting the content done quicker than if I opted out of the outline process.
I had a really great therapy session yesterday that left me feeling much more hopeful and emotionally whole again.
I got through homework with my son last night without any tears. This is a rare thing, as my son has Autism, and homework is a tough time.
Though I was running out of cash. So I decided to change and go to the ATM, the jeans that I decided to put on had 40 bucks in one of the pockets.
I stayed in bed for a while after waking up and snuggled my cat.
Making plans for Christmas 2017 with all of my kids to come home.
It was a nice day out yesterday after months of crummy winter weather, so we took a walk to the grocery store with the dogs. 
My wife came home with Schwarma Express for Supper, I was happy to have my favorite food on a day where I am already happy for not having to go to work. 
My mom called me and left a silly singing voicemail about how she loves me. 
The registration for my favorite event opened, and I'm really happy to go!
I really surprised my husband by making some extra cash on Amazon Turk yesterday as he was sleeping.  
I made an excellent dinner of apple onion pork!
My phone let me know that I advanced another week in my pregnancy and it made me happy to read more updates about my growing baby.
My dog being happy when I arrived home from work, hes always happy to see me
Me and my daughter made a cake for my husband to surprise him. 
In the last day I had a meeting about a project at work that will advance my career.
Playing minecraft.
Laughing at a dialogue choice in Persona 5.
I got paid a week early for a freelance job I do every month.
I put gas in my new car yesterday, and it got an average of 48 miles per gallon! 
The Masters golf tournament has started, one of the best sporting events of the whole year.
I was able to finally crack my back and get that kink out that's been bugging me for days.
At the end of my work day, doing turk work, even though I was very tired, I watched a MOOC video for 15 minutes in a challenging and fascinating free online MOOC that I am trying to keep up with.
There was free food in the lounge and I helped myself to some.
Had dinner with an old friend, and we connected in a way we haven't in a long time.
i had a good breakfast
All my friends have called me to wish for my marriage anniversary. Totally I am excited today....
We made homemade pizza for lunch yesterday.
i watched a comedy show. It was very funny and made me laugh a lot. 
I discovered I still had $6.31 on my Starbucks gift card!
My six year old daughter gave me a flower, told me to put it in my hair and told me I was the best mommy in the whole world.
At last my sister is successful in making a cheese pizza!! :) Crispy and Delicious too.
I get delicious dinner today and some other snacks
My wife and I made love. 
I was able to help my father with a problem he was having and in the end we were able to laugh about it.
I was able to fix my broken headphones.
I got a new haircut, changed my old style which i had been keeping since highschool.
My drive to work this morning was quick and uneventful. 
My son told me I am the best mom ever
I took a bath. 
My daughter was h
I was happy that I was able to fix the dryer tonight.
Fed my dogs.
my mom's birthday celebration so i enjoyed more
I figured out where I'm going to live.
I had a decent night sleep for a work night and felt quite refreshed for most of the day.
A wall at work was torn down directly across from my desk as part of a reorganization, and now my view is of a sunny, grassy field where before I had no direct view of natural light or the outside when at work.
I am a schoolteacher, and today I was doing a science lesson with my students, we made a garden and planted some tomatoes, Chili's, and cantaloupe.
The suit I bought my wife yesterday worked, she got a job offer.
I successfully resolved a misunderstanding with a vendor.
A happy event for me was that i found i lost 2 pounds when i stepped on the scale this when i woke up today.
I planned out my suicide.
I ate a good breakfast
I finished a project for school and got good remarks on it
Driving through the mountains made me happy because it was relaxing and beautiful.
my husband promote to manager posting in our office
Some of the seeds I planted a week ago I thought would not germinate popped out of the soil today.
I met with my finance professor and he helped me with my project
I had an alcoholic drink.
the thing that made me happy in the past 24 hours was going to the gym.
I saw my mother coming home from work and she was very happy. 
I won a game of poker against my friends.
I made huge progress on my move.
I got work done.
I got to have a nice chat with our vp
I was trying to take a picture of my 10 month old daughter and she wasn't smiling or looking at the camera. It became apparent that she was intentionally doing it. She started to giggle then she made the hugest grinning face right when I snapped a photo. It turned out perfectly.
 I am a big golf fan, and today I was able to watch most of the masters coverage. 
My dog ran away a few days ago, but I got a call today that he was safe and sound in a local shelter.
My dad took my mom and myself out to dinner. He recently got out of the hospital, so it was nice to spend time together as a family. 
I was nervous all day waiting to hear from my wife.  She was interviewing for a job and got a job offer.
I got some new headphones today. Bluetooth.
The doctor removed a bone fragment from my gums that was left over from my wisdom teeth removal, which had been bothering me for weeks.
I ate out at Costa Rica and had two chimichangas I really enjoyed.
Went to the park, was able to walk around and enjoy the cooling afternoon. I very much enjoyed being away from home.
i fought with my friend yesterday  , today we spoke again 
My good friend Connie just texed me and told me she's a grandma for the first time of a brand new grandson.
I bought a new cooking tool to grill chicken in the kitchen
Tonight we watched Rogue One as a family, and glancing over at my four children it made me so happy that we were together spending the evening as a family.
I got off of work early and was able to see my sibling when I got home.
I was last happy when I had breakfast with friends this morning. 
Potted my first plant in my garden.
Yesterday evening my grandson came and helped me water all of my trees and grass and other plants.
thinking about my coat that will arrive
Being able to work out with my personal trainer and a friend. This motivates me even more to achieve my goal.
It means when we get the desired one in our lif, that is 
the most happiest momen. the happiest movent is change to 
person to person and time to tie, as far as regarding my 
moment is concened when got admission in BA.

I went to dinner with my friends after long time.
I met my friends for a drink.
I played an old Mario game with my son. 
I watched Moana with my friend.
A girl I like at work came up and introduced herself to me. 
I finished birthday shopping for my 7 year old this morning, happy and relieved
Completion of one section of the web development a week early.
I remembered I still had gingerbread coffee syrup and used it to make iced coffee.
I had dinner with my Memaw tonight; she's a hoot!
The hearthstone expansion released today, and I was saving up in game currency for it, got a ton of good stuff.
Going to the movies and seeing Trolls the new movie with my girlfriend.
I discovered that a local store now carries one of my favorite drinks
It makes me happy to hear my sons laugh together in the living room.
I cooked a meal and ate it.
I was able to find a book I was really wanting to read at the library. 
I went to see my boyfriend.
I went to the park with my grandpa and walked his dog with him.
I went to see my daughter's friends play and it was a lot of fun.
I was able to spend the whole day with my husband.
I spoke with my brother and sister on a conference call.
I AM GO PARK IN NEAR IN SALEM AND ENJOYED WITH MY FRIEND
My job interview went well today. 
My body's really sore after exercising yesterday - a painful but necessary step towards self-improvement.
This afternoon I got a really bad stomach ache and could barely move. My grandmother made me some ginger tea, from fresh ginger in her garden and brought it over to me. My stomach ache went away almost instantly after drinking the tea, but my abdomen muscles are sore.
I bought a new dress I liked today.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

I successfully avoided what I thought would be a large confrontation with a coworker by staying calm and listening. 
I had a meeting with manager at work and got positive feedback on my work and received high quality scores
My cancelled youtube channel just got reinstated, I am happy because it was making me a few hundred a month.
i felt happy yesterday when my son gave me a draw.
Today is my younger son's Birthday. From yesterday itself he has started decorated with dangles and sent invitation to all his friends and cousins. Watching at this I felt very happy 
My happiest moment in my life s......for my 20th birthday my dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i cant forget date day in my life,date was my first surprise given by my dad..
There is April showers right now, which washed all the dirt off of my car.
A line of thunderstorms rolled through my area and I got to watch a lot of lightning strikes, which is my favorite weather phenomenon.
I ate chicken and green beans for lunch.
A tornado came through my area on Monday so I had some trees down on my property. I spent most of the afternoon with a chainsaw. Now I have a clean yard AND firewood for next winter!
I finally got to drink something after working out for awhile outside.
I found a wedge pillow I wanted to buy online and it's now on sale.
I bought madeleines at Costco and they are my favorite.
I passed a test written for promotion.
I received an A+ on a test for my marketing class.
I sean a man bathing in cold water.
Yesterday i attended fresh fruit and vegetable program and i was very happy to know how to start apartment vegetable gardening.
I am watching dave chapple and its so good
I had a good meeting with my supervisor.
I took a refreshing nap.
I woke up and didnt feel depressed. 
I bought some pizza.
My son's birthday is this Saturday, so when he went to swim class, about 6 teachers all gathered around him and sang happy birthday.
Having some time to just unwind and listen to music late in the evening.
There was a Taco Truck at work today for Taco Thursdays!
I made 50 dollars at a local academic research study 
Yesterday evening my son performed very well music talents events in his college grand celebrating events made me very happy for the whole day.
I had a good workout.
I walked from one end of the boardwalk to the other end and back to my starting point.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources.
My kids were dancing
A friend I haven't spoken to since college reached out to me that she was coming to my city. I was pleasantly surprise that she wanted to meet up with me. I was happy she thought about me and look forward to seeing her!
I was happy to see my boyfriend earlier today.
I went to taco bell for breakfast.
I was happy when I walked the dog.
I ate lunch after 3 long lectures when I was starving
I booked a vacation to Florida for my wife and I.
We celebrate our manger's birth day in our firm.
I made a healthy dinner for myself.
I bought and ate Easter candy.
Snuggling with my boyfriend last night made me happy.
I got caught up on one of my favorite TV shows.
Year end tax cuts halved our monthly earnings, so I was happy when I discovered my son's school books cost half of what we usually spent till Grade 10. Some respite, for sure!
Watching French Bombers fly over our city.
I got a beer with a friend.
My dog was a goober.
Helping someone out with lifting and moving something.
I was released from alcohol detox after 10 days.
I won my tennis singles match today against a very good player.
I watched a movie I really liked.
Watched a few episodes of The Get Down. Good show so far
I got free food at work.
Waking up without anxiety and being able to breathe deeply without anxiety made me happy.
I took my dog for a walk after the rain.
Today I went on a run for the first time in a while.
I tried my favorite food in a buffalo chicken pizza at a new spot and it was one of the best pies I ever had. 
I ate some chinese food.
My son picked up his play guitar and started walking around the house singing, "Jeremiah was a Bullfrog- duh dun duh."
I ate mutton after a long time (approx 3 months)
One of my teachers at school, whom I had been worried might dislike me, said that she liked me and that I was insightful. 
I planted a new tree in my yard.
Getting a good deal on pizza made me happy
I went to Marshalls and purchased a new pair of board shorts that retails for $55.00 for $20.00 and they fit very well.
I received a box of free Bigelow tea in the mail today.
I worked out with a bunch of friends. 
There was a thunderstorm and I saw lightening.
I completed training online for a scoring project and ended with a passable rating.
A long day big out standing from my sales target is recovered by me yesterday. For this i got a good reward from the company. THis makes me very happy.
I was happy when I looked at a flower bed after I spent over an hour on it removing debris, trimming roses, pruning trees, and getting it ready for the spring season.
I was able to get my favorite sub at Subway. 
I prayed for my mother and helped her out to comfort her she is stressed out lately.
I went to the store today and finally got me some replacement towels.
The Chicago Cubs won today.
I have been having a difficult time meeting with a group for a project that has to be completed in the near future. Today however we were able to meet up and get a significant amount of work completed. 
This morning I had to fix my flat tire and they fixed it fast and repaired it for free so I didn't have to pay for a new tire.  I was so happy!
The day with my wife
I was able to do some vacuuming around the house to make it more clean.
Seeing my daughter wake up in a very happy mood like a little energizer bunny, until she started to bounce around all over the bed.
Upon returning from traveling abroad my girlfriend had completely fixed all of the things wrong with my car- lights, air conditioner, tires, wipers, etc. and cleaned the car.
I'm a huge foodie, however my food options are limited because I'm vegan.  So, I made this really delicious salad today that was really flavorful and it's enough to last for a few meals and the taste and extra servings made me really happy.
I earned 20 points of extra credit on my biomechanics exam, boosting my grade to a 104! It made me happy to know my hardwork studying paid off. 
I put together kites for my kids and it made them very excited.
The weather is warmer and it allowed me to finally start exercising again after a long lay off.
My fiancee brought me home spaghetti from Olive Garden.
Talking to a woman who I very much like and would like to go on a date with.
I had interesting work today.
I ate a delicious lunch.
I had one of the best days at work today because next week is spring break, and today was my Friday.
My dog's BarkBox came in the mail and it made me happy seeing her excited.
I watched the news
Despite feeling somewhat under the weather, I managed to fit in a comparatively long bicycle ride in the evening after work.
Got to watch some high school students polish a performance of "The Drowsy Chaperone."
It was a beautiful Spring day with the sun shining and a pleasant drive to work.
I thought that I had deleted some important photos on my phone, but lucky they had been backed up automatically and I lost nothing.
I was finally able to convince my uncle to help with my late grandmother's legal bills as he had not been contributing at all. 
I found a new manga series that I'm really enjoying.
I played with my kids at the park tonight.
It made me really happy to finally get off work after 12 hours.
I found a new way to invest in stocks that's beginner friendly.
I unloaded the tree limbs off the trailer that I had loaded
I had some work done on my house yesterday. I got my chimney tiled in a beautiful Travertine basket weave design. I had been saving for months for this so I was an accomplishment for me to make an improvement in my house. I was happy to see the results and finally get it done. I'm still feeling some residual happiness from yesterday's progress. 
Walking into my daughter's room this morning after she had woken up made me happy because she always is so excited to see me in the mornings.  She gets a huge grin and jumps up and down in her crib.
I went to shiva temple to worship lord ganesan and shiva.It gives me more relaxation towards mind and concentration in doing things.
I went to the BMV and received my driver's license respecting my legal name change.
I completed a difficult section of a video game after many tries which made me very excited.
My husband got a haircut and he isn't shaggy any more!
My son is so happy because today is the last day for school in this academic year.
I was happy at dinner time because I made breakfast for dinner.  
In the past 24 hours, I studied very hard for my midterm and what made me really happy was when I got the midterm, I knew all the answers to the questions because of the hard work I put in to studying.
I baked some cookies.
A coworker recently left me a really nice note on my desk.  He wrote a really nice message which filled me with a lot of optimism.
I received a refund for an item that was not what I expected. 
My wife and I worked at our church for several hours this morning.  The church handed out boxes of food to about 50 families in the local area.
My favorite golfer Rickie Fowler was competitive in the first round of the Masters, and is in a good position going into round two.
I went to see my niece's choir concert and it was so great to hear music live again, it really made me feel amazing.
Getting along better with people at work made today a pretty good day.
One thing that made me happy is talking with my girlfriend. She is a high point in my day everyday. 
I did swimming for 30 minutes continuously today. I feel very fresh and happy after the swimming. It was wonderful experience
Yesterday my brother in law came to visit us after a long time and brought many sweets and chocolates for us
I made a woman that I like extremely happy.
What made me happy in the past 24 hours is helping a child with his homework
ENJOY WITH MY FAMILY
I was able to get a lot done today.  I felt really productive.
Saw my Brother after surgery. 
My sister bought me a chicken wrap from Wendy's.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
Yesterday I was on my way back from overseas. First the Airline gave me a proportional business seat change into a better seat on the plane for the long fight. That was a rather awesome unexpected surprise.  
I WENT TO TEMPLE
i ate at panera with my buddies from college I lost contact with 4 years ago. We caught up and spent an hour reminiscing about our college life. 
I was happy to make anniversary plans with my husband today.
i went to temple
I went to College.
I made over $30.00 today at my job taking pizzahut orders
I got an encouraging letter in the mail today
I looked at my paycheck and I got a sizeable amount of pay for working a holiday.
I WENT OT YOGA
I recovered from being sick this morning.
I WENT TO BROWSING CENTER
I was in the middle of a high paying hit survey when my computer shut down on me. When it restarted the survey came back to where I left off and I didn't have much to do over. 
I was able to go to my favorite restaurant for lunch.
we attended engagement party yesterday and had a lot of fun dancing , singing and had a nice feast. we enjoyed a lot with family members.i was very happy.
I was happy when I saw that the weather was great. It was beautiful outside.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
My dog pulled off my bed cover to wake me up this morning.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I had pork roast for dinner.
I had a nice dinner tonight with my family and granddaughter.
I got a message from a friend I hadn't talked to in weeks.
I was happy that I received a perfect score on the paper I turned in for my masters class.
When I received the package I was waiting for.
I took a long walk in the warm spring weather with a co-worker during my lunch break.
My daughter slept for 
I deadlifted 200 pounds for the first time.
reversing the formula can help you turn happiness into greater ... you of thinking that being beautiful, successful or rich will make you happy. ... describing one positive experience you had over the past 24 hours. ..... And if you perform a little bit better at everything, over a lifetime it may make a really big ...
I felt sad because i had forgetten where i keep my bicycle key. Then my mom found out that key then i will get ready to come to my office.
Then i really felt happy
I was very happy when my mother and wife eating food together
Getting the last bag of mozzarella sticks at Smart and Final and enjoying them with some homemade sauce!
There was a new Stone Cold Steve Austin podcast released today.
My daughter sat up by herself for the first time today.
I was happy when I did facetime with my toddler and she clapped of joy after I sang her favorite song. 
I dont have TV service , so I didnt know the show Rick and Morty was shown during the April 1st. My friends told me about it and I was so excited. I didnt believe them at  first haha.
I bought a new Iguana today
The cunt instructor finally got back to me today so that I can take the final exam that I had missed because of some type of confusion on my part or because or something else. I can rest relieved for now.
Found a hummingbird nest in the tree outside of my bedroom window.
Finally went to the gym after not going for a week 
I got two loads of laundry done even though it was raining.
I was woken up by an early morning phone call, but was able to fall back asleep until my alarm went off.
I had a wonderful breakfast with all of my coworkers this morning. The company paid for a catered breakfast to celebrate us finishing a big goal at work and it was good.
I was selected as the captain for get active program launched in our office for our team
On my drive home from work today, I got the good news that my family has been preapproved for a loan to buy a house.
It made me happy going to lunch with my husband.
About 2 hours ago I won an eBay auction for a Mickey Mantle baseball card and got a really good deal on it also.
My fiance told me that I was the best thing to ever happen to her. 
I destroyed another of my opponents tanks in an only wargame.  
I got my favorite type of peanuts.
In the early morning, I spent some time at my favorite coffee shop working alone.
the weather was raining, i like the rain 
Seeing a trailer for the new Fast and Furious movie.
An even that made me happy was going out to eat with my friends at a local Chinese restaurant. 
The new jacket i bought just arrived in the mail.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I found out it was a National Burrito Day and went out to Chipotle to get a burrito. 
I found a very good deal on some hobby items of mine and it made me very happy.
I saw that Walmart carries off-brand girl scout cookies at a good price.
when i listened sermon of one of my beloved teachers.
One event that made me happy in the last 24 hours involved getting offered a new job near my hometown.
I finally got some shopping done. It had been a while since I went shopping, and I was too often relying on fast food to cover me for dinner. I can get back to cooking for myself now.
The bourbon I special ordered arrived at my liquor store today. I picked it up and I'm excited to try it.
i went sourcing at goodwill and scored bigtime
I woke up this morning to a very sweet note from my husband. 
My husband brought me pizza for lunch today...so good.
I got to see my parents' new car and all its cool features.
I found out my friend got offered this really awesome job she has been stressing about for months, and I am super happy for her!
Had a delicious lunch of baked salmon seasoned with garlic sauce, over a mixed green salad which was healthy and heavenly at the same time
Yesterday our family celebrating New building (Krahapravecem) New entry events together with my friends and relatives made me very happy.
Finished reading a good book.
My roommate's kid was being silly and made us laugh out loud.
I bought a new exotic plant from a new nursery in town called The Pachira aquatica. After bringing it home I re planted it into a beautiful blue pottery bowl. 
Something that made me happy today was when my dog greeted me when I got home. 
My wife's mammogram came back as negative!
Today i made good craft for my children.  
I watched a video of Donald Trump with a cat face on his face called "Trump as cat who doesn't like things near him" and there is something so oddly satisfying about this video. 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lnu9vTSLMXo
I had a pleasant 20 minute conversation with my manager before leaving work about random topics like bring your kid to work day, my sister, her siblings, and so on.
I listened to a new Ed Sheeran song that was very catchy.
Yesterday I got to meet my uncle who I hadn't seen in two years
My best friend Ashlee called me and I haven't heard from her in several weeks.
I found an old song from my high school days that I had been looking for for a long time.
I went for a drive with my boyfriend along the California coast to take photos.
I took a refreshing nap
Dr. Chong agreed to write me a script for the medicine I needed which other doctors had balked at doing even though I need it to concentrate.
I saw a cute puppy
I ran 4 miles.
i went to meet my old school to day morning
The dining hall had really good food for lunch today.
I got a mturk bonus in my email. 
My husband received a promotion at work.
When I resolved an issue with a company over the phone.
This morning I was able to attend the sunrise. It was some achievement I was struggling to achieve for few weeks.
When I went to the gym, I was able to go up in weight on all my lifts.  It's the most weight I've lifted to date. 
I got some software to work that I've been struggling to get work.
I saw my friend who I haven't seen in a month and we caught up.
I danced with friends.
Last night my dog jumped in bed with me, crawled under the covers, snuggled up to me, put his head on my chest, then he looked at me and licked my face, making me feel needed and loved.

I smoked some weed with low THC (the stuff that gets you stoned) and high CBD's (the stuff that doesn't gets you stoned) that was given to me for severe Diabetic Peripheral Neuropathy in my hands and after trying many different medications,  Don's Delight (the strain) actually worked!
Yesterday i was very happy because i bought a new cell phone with new model and it has got many additional features.
My supervisor helped me out with a phone call.
A colleague brought in chocolate cupcakes to work and it was an unexpected surprise.
My roommate treated me to pizza.
Watched the end of Daredevil season 1.
I made arrangements for my mother's arrival.
I am with my whole family member. All children are come to my house for summer vocation. 
A girl I've known for many years let me know that she was interested in having sex. 
I was finally able to sell some old golf clubs I've been toting around from North Carolina to Arizona and trying to unload them the whole way!
I had a good lunch at Jack In The Box this afternoon.
I gave my friend a gift and she loved it.
going to sleep
I was made happy when my spouse brought me a large bag of mint M&Ms. 
The happiest moment in the last 24 hours was when I reunited with my best mate Kumar last night and took 2 Polaroid photos with drinks before he headed back to home.
Today at poker with my family I was bluffing and kept betting and betting and in the end it paid off, I won the bet regardless of the fact I had terrible cards. 
Yesterday night we got heavy rain here and so it was cold and could sleep well.
Yesterday, my partner prepared a lunch for me to take to work today.
The new season of one of my favorite shows is on Netflix. 
I received my heating pad in the mail and it has made all the difference in my pain. 
Today my  friend came to visit me and took me out to McDonalds, and he even paid for my meal.
Seeing a peace lily on FTD.com made me happy because my fiancee really likes them and could use them to remind herself how beautiful life is.
WE BOUGHT A NEW HOUSE FOR MY FAMILY.
Worked in a different part of town today and was close to a sporting good's store that carries a rare fishing lure I am in need of so stopped in and they had it.
my husband gift to me a diamond ring
Video chatting with a friend and setting up a plan to see her. 
I m very happy when i hear that my brother-in laws transfer from Australia to India with Promotion.
rode bike with my friends too long distance for attending college event
Watching raindrops arace each othera down windows make me feel happy.
When things just somehow manage to work out i feel happy, Looking through old journals from when you were young make me feel happy.
I woke up and i am alive
I went to Cookout and bought a chocolate milkshake which I then ate.
going to college
I was praised at work for conducting some financial analysis on some supplier.
I watched as my oldest child played tennis with a new friend today. 
I took a half day from work to play video games. 
I finally had a day off work and got to sleep in!
My girlfriend said her job interview went well.
The event that made me happy was seeing my brother for the first time in 20 years.
I booked tickets to see my parents 
I had a productive day at work. 
I saw a dumb comic on Reddit that brightened my day a bit.
I got a small promotion at work.
I saw a rabbit outside when I was running, the first sign that it's warming up for spring.
the stock market went down which enabled me to get in at a cheaper price on a few stocks i wanted to buy.
If meeting a friend after 20 long years, is a moment that would make anyone happy, I had this rare and nostalgic experience yesterday at a local mall, as I was queuing up to settle my purchase bill.
I go for swimming this morning it made me happy.
I went cruising on the highway with my girlfriend today for fun.
I got my AC rectified finally after a gap of one month.
I have bought a vehicle for myself
My son opened his birthday presents.
with the cooperation of many people a new bus service started in our village, this was an awesome moment for us
i enjoy a lot at last night because of my sister marraige fixed this month,my family members so happy.
I got home early yesterday
I won a mobile phone in a quiz contest yesterday, so happy.
Scoring 5th highest marks in physiology
Went to get the mail in my mailbox, and saw two games that I rented two days ago from a game rental company finally arrive.
I got to see a friend in the city and hang out!
my aunt that I have not seen in over 10 years visited and we enjoyed our time catching up.
My dog managed to stop barking at this neighbor's dog that he always wants to attack. it made me happy because that means our obedience school training is working.
My friend asked job. One of my friend has stationary store. I went their and asked job for him. He gave job and admitted. I was happy 
Watched a bunch of Kendrick Lamar video's waiting for his new Album to come out tomorrow!
I saw my cat sleeping in the sun with one paw over her eyes.
A long walk on the beach in the dusk day made me feel happy.
In the past 25 hours I found out lost 2 pounds i had gained
My son tried a new food (but didn't like it).
I went a whole day without internet. life is better without that sometimes
I found out that a new episode of DBZ Super had been uploaded
I WENT TO TEMPLE IN USE FANCY ITEM
I finished my math final and all my homework for the semester.
My final exams result was out today and i passed my exam with very good marks. I am very happy for this. Even my family is also very happy.
I mowed the yard for the first time this season, and everything looks great.
Got new rug for my den. I've wanted it for ages!
my daughter studied by herself for the first time as i was out
today i got paid.
I had a phone call with my grandmother this morning, and she was telling me that she had been feeling much better since her recent surgery.
There are numerous happy events in my life that I can recall and among those, recently I would like to talk about the day that my sister was blessed with a baby boy. This was an event that I still recall vividly. When I saw the little angel was crying. I became the happiest person in the world. I speculated and imagined lots of things I would do with my sibling and share my happiness with her. Spending time with my sister was one of the happiest days of my life. 
My youngest son and I read a new book together. 
Received online order for some clothes that fit perfectly.
My husband hugged me spontaneously.
I had to wait at the drive thru at McDonald's for my order, and the cashier gave me a free drink for the inconvenience.
My boyfriend came home from work.
I am happy that my relationship with my wife has started to improve with good gestures.
I was happy when my mother made me a drink when i was tired. 
I talked to my mentor and we discussed how to go ahead with my plans
I played trivia with my girlfriend
I purchased and new mobile phone and it made me happy.
ENJOY WITH MY CHILDREN'S AT HOME
I made a lemon meringue pie and we couldn't stop eating it.
It was finally sunny outside!
A new desk for my office.
I had a very good dinner
My friend came over and we played games
I went out for late night ice cream and donuts with friends
My boyfriend ordered me food to be delivered.
I got picked to get a new desk at work. 
I know that I have no classes tomorrow  (cancelled) so I can relax and sleep in a bit
I ran in to an old friend at the mall and caught up with him
CELEBRATE MY DAD'S BIRTHDAY
I registered into the classes I wanted. 
When I felt the ibprofen I took earlier kick in and my headache began to subside.
my packet from japan was arrived today
My friend came over and we got to hang out for a while.
Had Delicious food at one of my favorite restaurants. 
my foreign trip is sanctioned by my superior in the head office few hours back
I noticed that the grass seed that I planted last week is beginning to sprout.
I BOUGHT A CAR WITH MY OWN INCOME MY DREAM IS TO BUY A CAR IN OWN EARNINGS TODAY IT HAPPENED I AM VERY HAPPY 
I finished my work target and that moment make me feel happy.
happy moment is i found out i got a job..i have been working part time for a while now..  i needed a little more challenge
Seeing my 1 year old son's joy while running into my arms.
My husband took me out to dinner.
I found out my girlfriend is ordering $100 worth of candy from the internet with her tax return!
I GOT A NEW CAR FOR MY BIRTHDAY GIFT FROM MY BROTHER IT WAS VERY SURPRISING AND WONDERFUL MOMENT
I am going to buy new mobile today and that moment feels happy.
It was a slow day at work and i was able to catchup on projects.
I buy one blue colour Saree  its good cloth and fabulous colour I wired today its too good all liked it
My mother in law and I, finally decided on a menu for Easter Sunday.
I had a pretty good sandwich for dinner that I got on special.
I WENT TO COLLEGE
YESTERDAY MY BEST FRIEND ENGAGEMENT.WE ENJOYED A LOT IN IN HER ENGAGEMENT.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
Watching a good and enjoyable show on TV with my family
I received $5 yesterday on MTurk after all the hard work I did.
Yesterday evening i went sydney its a nice place to come and see like tourism with my family
i went to a movie yesterday it was amazing and the concept of the movie is very interesting and i was very happy to see that movie .
Went to movie with my friends it was fun and a very happy moment
last day was i spent soccer played well in ground with my friends. that movement was i feel happily
My nephew and brother called to talk to me on the phone.
I slept 9 hours last night and felt very refreshed in the morning.
Celebrating my daughters 13th birthday.
I left work for a conference.
i went to meet my old office friend to day
it my last day of work for this week
I closed my eight-day short-sale of a stock and earned ~US$70.
I purchased a new water thermos that keeps my water cold for 24 hours. 
Last day , I joined the event" coffe with famous people'". I am very excited about it
My wife bought sweet box for me yesterday night, i had sweet after so long, while i was eating it i had a nice conversation with her. It was really funny i was so happy about that.
I saw the movie "The Right Stuff" for the first time.
I bought a new car today.
I had dinner with my mother and grandmother.
The very fact that I can finally accept a hit after my mTurk account was under review for a few hours for some unknown and mysterious reason has made me extremely happy!
Yesterday evening my good old friend visted my house and brought me a strawberry ice cream, which made me feel really very very happy.
I have a kitten that suddenly got well today after being sick for weeks.
I finally watched the continuation of my favorite show.
to day i rejoined my old company
Waking up on time for work made me happy as I usually have a particularly hard time waking up, and the feeling of not being tired was a pretty good one as well. Sleeping well is always helpful.
The happiest moment in the last 24 hours was when I reunited with my best mate and took 2 Polaroid photos before he headed back to Philippines.
My brother caught a monster catfish and showed me the pictures from his outing.
I was able to have dinner with my sister.
I was happy because without waiting in queue i got my job done in bank very easily
My favourite basketball team won their game today.
i brought new laptop today
I was so happy because my new business proposal was approved by my boss.
I was at work and we were doing the dishes, I put a upbeat song on that is native to my hometown, all my coworkers started dancing.
Fixing a greenhouse that was being blown and leaking in hard rainy, windy weather. 
My dad told me that my package came in, I'm going to get it this weekend.
Friend surprised me with something silly.
This morning I got a call from my generous Father who said he is putting rs 4000 today into my bank account. 
I ordered pizza for dinner.
I presented a teddy bear to my son.  He was happy and hugged me.   He said I am the best mom.
I won a lottery yesterday of 20$.
SITTING IN RIDE IN FUNFAIR
I took a beautiful drive down my favorite highway in New York.
My significant other made a delicious lunch.
I was happy because my friends reality show was telecast in television
My cat rubbed me.
Not having to work today and being able to sleep in made me very happy for the entire day.
My 3 year old son told me that mom and dad are both #1 for him and he loves us both equally! 
WENT TO MOVIE WITH MY GIRL FRIEND
My sister gave birth to a baby boy then i felt very and i have played with that baby boy,he is looking so cute all the day i felt very happy and say congrats to m sister.
I finally got my period for this month after beginning to worry that I may be pregnant.
Ate a big grilled chicken salad.
In the morning when it is confirmed that my boss is not attending the office today, i feel very glad to have enough time to complete my work without any disturbance of my boss.
I played good video games with my close friends.
I got a 85% on my midterm after staying up all night.
My boyfriend gave me two ticket to go to cedar point
I went shopping for clothes
When I drove back from Reno, it did not snow in Donner Pass and I did not have to put chains on my car, and it was an extra relief because I did not have chains with me.
My girlfriend and I were planning our wedding and honeymoon.
My youngest son put on his older brother's Super Man pajamas and was so proud of himself.
My new watch arrived in the mail!
I went to a really interesting lecture on the situation in Syria and felt like I learned a lot.
I got out of work at noon.
I enjoyed a cool, nighttime bike ride through my empty town.
I started a diet in order to lose weight.
I received information about a possible job offer that would be longer than usual gigs
I finished a major module for one of the projects I'm doing for work so I now have time to do other things.
Earlier today, I saw my dearest friend Joshua.  We talked about his kids and politics.  We laughed and reminded each other how great it feels to be together.  Best time in a long time!
I weighed my sick cat this morning, and she didn't lose any weight in the last 24 hours, thank goodness.
I have met my childhood friend and his family after a very long years.
When I woke up this morning I was happy when I discovered that my husband left me more than one half of a pack of cigarettes on our coffee table before he went to work (as unhealthy as they are).
I felt sad because I had forgotten where I keep my bicycle key.  Then my mom found out that key then I will get ready to come to the office. Then I really happy.
I had sex with a girl from tinder.
The weather made me very happy.  We are lucky here in Phoenix to be having cool mornings and warm evenings.
MY BIRTHDAY CELEBRATED WITH MY FRIENDS AND MY RELATIVES. MY RELATIVES PRESENTED GIFT TO ME . I SAW THE GIFT. ITS VERY PLEASANT TO ME. 
It was my co worker's birthday and we had cake!
I felt sad because i had forgotten where i keep my bicycle key..after that my mom found my key then only i relaxed and make me happier...
i felt sad because i had forgotten where i keep my bicycle key.then my mom found out that key.then i will get ready to come to the office.then i really get happy
i felt sad because i had forgetten where i keep my bicycle key. then my mom found out that key. then i will get ready to come to the office. then i really get happy.
I BOUGHT A NEW CAR YESTERDAY.IT'S MY LIFETIME DREAM.I FELT VERY HAPPY AT THAT TIME.
I felt sad because i had forgetting where i key my bycycle key then my mom found out that key then i will get i really felt happy.
I was happy because I went to work today and was able to finish all my tasks that I got the day off tomorrow.
I FELT SAD BECAUSE I HAD FORGETTING WHERE I KEY MY BYCYCLE KEY THEN MY MOM FOUND OUT  THAT KEY THEN I WILL GET I REALLY FELT HAPPY. 
I felt sad because I had forgetten where I keep my bicycle key. Then my mom found out that key then I will get ready to come to the office. Then I really felt happy.
I felt sad because i had forgetten where i keep my bicycle key. Then my mom found out that key them i will get ready to come to the office, Then i really felt happy.
I felt sad because i had forgetten where i keep my bicycle key then my mom found out that key them i win get ready to come to the office. Then i really felt happy.
I started a new assignment today. I was so looking forward to it. I was both excited and scared at the same time.
I received a nice bonus for an Mturk HIT.
Attached a front lip to the bumper of my sports car.
I felt sad because i had forgotten where i kept my bike key,after that my mom found out that key makes me happy.
I FELT SAD BECAUSE I HAD FORGETTING WHERE I KEEP MY BICYCLE KEY. THE MY MOM FOUND PUT THAT WAY  THEN I WILL YET READY TO COME TO THE OFFICE. THEN I REALLY FET HAPPY
I felt sad because I had forgotten where I keep my bicycle key. Then my mom found out that key them I will get ready to come to the office. Then I really felt happy.
I felt sad because i had forgetten where i keep my bicycle key. then my mom found out that key i will get ready to come to the office. then i really felt happy.
I felt sad because i had forgotten where i keep my bicycle key.  Then my mom found out that key then i will get ready to come to the office. Then i really felt happy.
I felt sad because I had forgetten where I keep my bicycle key. Then my mom found out that key then I will get ready to come to the office. Then I really felt happy.
I had a wicked sixty minute cardio session on an exercise machine.
I felt sad because I had forgetten where keep my bicycle key. Then my mom found out that key then I will get ready to come to the office. Then i really felt happy
I finished my last day of work for the week and began my weekend.
YESTERDAY I BOUGHT A NEW CAR.IT WAS MY LIFETIME DREAM.I FELT VERY HAPPY.
I began playing an old video game I like but that I haven't played in years.
I organized a "happy hour" incentive for our company's sales team that was both entertaining and productive.
I AM GOING TO SIVAN TEMPLE IT IS VERY FAMOUS PLACE IN OOTY.IT'S VERY NICE PLACE THAT MOMENT IS VERY HAPPY MOMENT
I ate cookie dough ice cream.
I was able to work through editing several chapters in my book for publication and was happy with how they turned out.
I PURCHASED THE NEW RED COLOUR ROSE TREE
I FELT SAD BECAUSE I HAD FORGETTEN WHERE I MY BICYCLE KEY. THEN MY MOM FOUND OUT THAT KEY THEN I WILL  GET REALLY TO COME THE OFFICE THEN. I REALLY FELT HAPPY.
My dog greeting me at the door when I arrived home made me happy.
My brother gave me a surprise visit and bought toys for my kid and it made me happy
I was happy when I sold an item on Craigslist to a really nice buyer.  My loved (but unused) motorcycle boots found a good home!
I felt sad because I had forgotten where I keep my bicycle key. Then my mom found out that key them I will get ready to come to the office. They I really felt happy.
I masturbated.
Taking a deep breath at night and looking up at the stars. 
There have been a court case going on my son. Yesterday I came to know that the prolonged date has been given by the court for next hearing. I feel happy after that.
I FELT SAD BECAUSE I HAD FORGETTEN WHERE I KEEP MY BICYCLE KEY. THE MY MOM FOUND PUT THAT WAY THEN I WILL YET READY TO COME TO THE OFFICE. THEN I REALLY FET HAPPY.
MY BIRTHDAY CELEBRATED WITH MY FRIENDS AND RELATIVES AT BEACH . ITS VERY HAPPY
A quick chat with my dad making fun the some financial problems, his/ours optimism.
yesterday i went to shopping with my family  to buy lot of toys for my son making more happy for me and my family...
I'm happy because my mom is coming home from work tomorrow. I have not seen her for a long time, and I really miss her. I really love my mother, and I'm really looking forward to it.
Today in the morning I gone for a walk, while walking I noticed a man is continuously looking at me and then he came to me and said today Iam looking SMART, I feel very impressed and happy with admiration.
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
My wife gave birth to a baby boy and this made me happy.
I went on a romantic date with my girlfriend.
today we got a heavy rain in our place.in this season it is the first time we got a rain. which makes me happy.
I spoke to a good friend I haven't talked to in awhile on the phone.
yes I have a my child delivery is a happy moment
We have no child. after a long years my dad accepted all the expenses for the fertility treatment.
I felt sad because I had forgetten where I keep my bicycle key. Then my mom found out that key them I will get ready to come to the office. Then I really felt happy
My friends and me went for Go-karting.
I had homemade burgers and fries for dinner
We're happy to see the attention directed elsewhere.

I won third place in my senior design competition
I won a project in a science fair. 
Although people think they perform better on caffeine, the truth is, they really donat. Actually, weave become so dependent on caffeine that we use it to simply get back to our status-quo. When weare off it, we underperform and become incapable.I can easily get through one audiobook per week by just listening during my commute to school and while walking on campus. Taking even 15a30 minutes every morning to read uplifting and instructive information changes you. It puts you in the zone to perform at your highest.
Last night my brother gift me silver chain on my birthday occasion its happiest event for me.
I found out that I am getting a raise this month.
I love keeping an eye on these studies, and thought I would share the latest batch with you here to see if any of them might resonate with you and make you just a bit happier.I watched Through the Looking Glass last night, and I didnt particularly care for the movie, but I dang near cried at the end, it made me so happy.
An event that made me happy was advancing further in my career by finding a job opening.
I was incredibly worried about coming up with the cost for a very formal dress for an upcoming family member's wedding, and my mother-in-law offered to purchase it for me.
I completed all of my laundry before 4am!
I felt sad because i has forgetten where i keep mu bicycle key. then my mom found out that key then i will get ready to come to the office. Then i really felt happy.

I finished clearing the brush from my property that I've been working on this past month.
I received a bonus from multiple clients early this morning which was an unexpected and pleasant surprise.
Today, I received a special bonus for successfully presenting the project deal, and I am very happy.
I helped make dinner for my parents which they enjoyed. 
It made me happy today to see RIT is asking people what makes them happy.
Getting told I'm a good manager
When I saw the sunrise today.
I found my old baseball cards and autographed memorabilia. 
Had a chat with my wife and we decided to start making plans to have a baby!
Had a dinner party last night with all members of office.
I gave away a bunch of old furniture that was taking up too much room.
I felt happy to realize that as this world is getting worst and worst day by day. I am in the safe hands of a spiritual master. The belief and faith in him made me happy when i felt the bliss gained out of chanting.
My boyfriend got me a vanilla root beer without being asked.
The weather went from nasty to awesome.
I completed the work on my friends mower and it is ready to go back home.
I completed a training program at work successfully.
Ordered a phone in flash sale for my sister, have been trying for the past week but couldn't book it.
go to temple
Everybody has a life, and some happy moments as well as some trouble moments. In this challenging life, I have a happy event as like other person. One of the happiest days in my life was when I completed B.Sc. in Computer Science & Software Engineering. In my life, This is one happy moments because this Degree is very important matter of my life. It was one of my dreams. I always like to see dream. Because, dream can help to creates idea, future. Software engineering degree is very tough, critical & challenging. On this cause, I always think how properly to do achieve better this challenging degree. In this software engineering degree, every step is challenging. Thatas why I always try hard and struggle, through do more study.
I BOUGHT A NEW CAR. A CAR PRESENTED BY MY BROTHER. I FEEL VERY HAPPY. 
Went to a party with my colleagues
Today is my birthday!
i had helped my sister to do a project.
My sleeping dog farted In his sleep and woke himself up and it made me laugh uncontrollably. 
I purchased a bulk pack of hot dogs, and it was the last one the store had.  Great taste and a bargain price, per hot dog.
I had a really nice time at a get-together last night. I thought it was going to be boring but there were some family friends there!
My daughter asked me to read a book to her before bed tonight like we used to when she was younger. I enjoyed doing that very much.
yesterday i got a mail in my gmail account that i can work in amazon mturk account my account is activated . i am extremely happy at that moment
All my days are happy. My parents and sister keep me happy always. Good dresses, god food and good school are there in my family. My teachers teach me very well. The relatives are very fond of me. I have what a girl of my age should have. But the topic is happiest day in my life. 

One of my favorite Charles Esten songs was released as his single this week.
I have been parasailing and it was great!
Ate dinner with the family.
I'm halfway through watching the latest season of "The Walking Dead" and I really enjoy it so far, some scenes in it made me happy for a short period of time.
Last night I (somehow/accidentally) fixed a minor problem with my computer's music player that had been causing some skipping which was major for me cause I always play music while computing. 
I finished a whole bunch of homework from college and it makes me happy! d
Yesterday afternoon, I took my CDL B test and I passed it!
Yesterday my mom took me shopping and bought me new clothes.
I spoke with my brother, who I did not talk to all week.
I picked up a delicious chicken, bacon, and ranch pizza last night for dinner. We wolfed the whole thing down really fast.  It was awesome!
I had a good job interview and seemed to impressive the committee with how I responded.
I made chocolate chip cookies and ate one.
My three year old got up this morning to use the potty by herself, whereas she usually wakes me or my wife up for help
Getting a cheque for a focus group.
I was happy that I was able to face time my daughter.
My boss was impressed with my work on my current project.
I got my garden planted today.
One event that made me happy was going to the comic book store.
I got to meet the sweetest elderly lady at the grocery store. She struck up a random conversation with me and it made my day.
I ate a nice Italian meal at a restaurant.
I worked out to a new Zumba DVD I bought.
I received a thank you email from a random stranger for posting learning and teaching materials on my website that he and his students apparently found useful.
Seeing my parents for the first time in a long time.
Yesterday was my interview and i got selected.
I woke up early and went for a run and that felt good. 
When my boss made a joke about a coworkers hair that made me laugh. 
I got my hair cut at a "men's" salon while presenting female without any hassles.
Been having issues with my tablet, that I use for work.  I've been waiting for a new version of the device and stumbled on the fact that a new revision of the tablet just came out last week.
It was raining hard yesterday when I needed to run to the store. And when I got there, I was lucky enough to get the first parking spot. This has never happened to me. And for a spot to be available in the rain was a real blessing.
I went in a party with my friends and enjoyed a lot.
I flawlessly took out an enemy team on a video game.
Met a parent from school and he seems really nice and can have play dates.
I won a poker game with my friends. 
I discovered a new television show last night that I enjoyed great("The Magicans")
The event that made me happy was my morning jam session on my organ and piano.  I enjoyed getting to play in the privacy of my own home.
I woke up this morning and checked my bank account and saw that I got paid by my job.
Got a chance to talk to my stepmother to see how she is doing. She is doing well. She was sick for some time, but now no longer feeling ill.
One of my friends is well versed in the art of swimming. He immediately jumped into the canal. After a great struggle, he dragged him out of the canal. He was in a very critical condition. He was rushed to the hospital. With immediate care, his life could be saved. We postponed the whole programme in the midway and accompanied the sick boy. But we were pleased to see him regaining consciousness. The saving of one life was a source of tremendous pleasure.
Purchased a Air Cooler for office to work with a cool mind.
I got a present from my better half which is a shoe that I wanted for a long time.
My daughter went upstairs to take her shower and after about five minutes she came into the living room stark naked saying there was a bug in the bathroom and my husband needed to remove it. She looked really adorable and even though we were in the middle of a movie, we were both happy to pause and go take care of the bug because she said it so sweetly and looked so innocent in her nakedness.
I watched the Twins win a ballgame.
I went over to a friend's house and watched Planet Earth II.
I was able to spend a long time outside cleaning and scrubbing my deck in the sunshine.
I WENT TO TEMPEL
I enjoyed going on a field trip with my son.
My son showed me a paper for his english class that he got a 100% on; it was very well written and I am so proud of him. 
I found out that I might be getting a new car.
It rained and the leaves are starting to come back on the trees from winter and the air smells nice.
My parents Wedding day. I arranged their wedding party in the hotel. It was very surprised to them. Many more couples are joining with us in the party.
I tried Halo Top ice cream last night, it was so good. 
my daughter participate in dance competition. she is winner in that competition. i am very happy.
I went to a folk music concert at a nearby park.
The US bombed the airfield in Syria where the poison gas attack was launched on innocent civilians
I was able to meet with some friends after work and have some drinks.
Having dinner with my family for my birthday 
When I won in video game with my friends.
I got all my errands done in under an hour so I had more free time.
I presented a recommendation that was immediately backed by my boss and senior colleague which would reduce the work required of my team and used the previous rationale of my opponent to make the case. 
My friend Ted and I went to Denny's for lunch. We had fun. First time in a long time that we went out to eat.
Getting my car back after four days of being in the shop from hail damage.
Yesterday I went to trivia and got second (as always).   
I got the grass cut and lawn sprayed for weeds at my vacation rental.
We ordered our thank you cards from our wedding with a bunch of pictures on it.
I completed filling out tax forms for two of my children and it was a huge relief as the deadline is rapidly approaching.
drank a great coffee
My kids were playing a genie game where the run around, spin and fall.  They laughed forever.
I went to tour hills place last three days with my friends.We are very enjoy last three days.
I got a discount on my lunch by buying a combo.
I went out to eat with a friend.
Yesterday night, I had sex with my friend. It lasted for very long and made me happy too. 
When I got home from work yesterday and saw my son.
I went for a bicycle ride in the local park.
I had Armadillo Grill tacos for lunch.
I got my formal offer of a promotion at work. 
One of my favorite golfers is going to make the cut in the Masters.
I had a job interview that went well.
I was happy playing music with 2 of my best friends I hadn't seen in over 20 years.
I was really happy because I went to see a movie I wanted to see in a long time. 
Today one of my friend's marriage I eat delicious food and meet lot of old friends.
Helping my girlfriend, who hurt herself.
When I woke up this morning, the air was still and calm. This is a much needed change from the surprise tornadoes and crazy hail that we had at the beginning of the week. And the stillness was so appreciated after what a blustery day we had yesterday.  
I lost the hanging "handicapped tag" for my car 2 days ago, and getting it replaced was going to be HUGE hassle. But, then I found it! What a relief!
My son was having a hard day but woke up from a nap, smiling.
The Mariners won a game!
I got to sleep in a little extra today.
I was listening some historical Preaching through an App on my phone while travelling to my Office. I felt very happy after gaining that knowledge.
I got to see how much I'm making with my newest raise.
I feel happy because am in the promotion list.
The challenge sensation of starting to learn a third language
I was accepted into nursing school.
Today we complete one of our firm's project successfully.
Had some chicken and potatoes for dinner, it was pretty tasty.
The new Hearthstone expansion came out
I was given a free bottle of tea by my coworker.
I removed my pubic hair as it was causing itching. I am very happy that the area is clean now.
I felt my unborn baby kick through my wife's stomach. 
I got to see my sister whom I have not seen in 24 years. 
An owner came to pick up a dog we were pet sitting and was very complimentary of the service we provided.
I just found out I got the job I wanted! 
I discovered a new musician that I like on Spotify.
I sat in bed and ate cake after work. 
I ate a very delicious supper of well-cooked meat and some starch and vegetables. The food was very tasty.
I was selected in a skit.
my husband told that he will arrange a trip to hill station in the week end. I feel happy for that.
A white dove landed in my neighbor's driveway.
I was happy to be helpful and volunteer at a used book sale.
My mom moving out of my house 
My fiancee and I exchanged anniversary presents.
I ate peanut butter eggs! They are my favorite Easter candy! 
I talked with my Egyptian friend who is depressed and I managed to make her feel better and relieved.
Volunteered for a social project team
My loved mutton fry ate at yesterday evening
When the U.S. launched tomahawk missiles at Syria
I went for a bike ride with my girlfriend after we ate a nice dinner.
I went to the pool at the YMCA and worked out last evening. 
Went over my workload at work and got some things taken off which makes my job way less stressful.
I received a notification that I was accepted into a project through Appen.
The pain in my leg is not so strong this morning.
I had an awesome meal with friends that I had not seen in a while.
I ate really good ice cream.
I went for a 5 mile run and it was nice to get outside.
I remembered I'm going on vacation soon.
Devin Nunes stepped down from leading the Russia probe.
One thing that made me happy yesterday was taking a walk with my husband and dog. It was nice to wind down after a long day at work, enjoy the outdoors and each others company.
My sister went to the bookstore with us and we had a great time looking around.
Going to the beach at sunset and watching the waves break 
I got back in good graces with a teacher who disliked me.
Had a nice dream in the middle of the night about a high school girlfriend.  Very strange how the content of dreams impact you later when you wake up.
We had our students vs staff basketball game yesterday afternoon, seeing the enthusiasm of all the kids made me happy. 
I was happy when I remembered that my oldest daughter didn't have school today and she could stay home with us all day and watch movies.
The girl at the coffee shop smiled made nice small talk with me. 
My new running shoes arrived in the mail.
I organized an event for students.  At the end one hugged me and said she loved me and that I am a wonderful person who is making a big difference in the world.  
I went to a free yoga class at our local library.
I finished up the projects due this week for school.
Had a yummy sandwich for breakfast
I spoke to my father about a really important situation I have been dealing with and gained a great deal of perspective.
I finished an exam and felt relieved.
My husband finally got his raise!!
My daughter called and I spoke to my 2 year old grandson.  I don't exactly know what he trying to say to me, but when he started to laugh it was the best thing I had heard all day.
I got out of work early.
Watching my four year old son compete in his first tee ball game last evening.
We had a wonderful meal for dinner at the Taco Bar.
A friend that I used to work with is coming to town tomorrow.
I can finally walk without a cane again, after injuring my leg the other day!
I completed my physical therapy workout without pain (I have a running injury).
I went to the gym for the first time in about a week and it felt good to be back.
I discovered that I can do pull-ups with relative ease, and did a few before breakfast.
Last night I decided not to snack on junk food, this made me happy because lately I have been eating to much at night.  That is when I get home from work I tend to eat a lot of junk food. 
After a deep argument a financial complaint on me had been cleared perfectly.  So My withheld salary have been released by my company to me in cash.  I was so happy in the morning.
Ate dinner with a date last night.
I played a video game and it's really fun.
I made a new recipe for supper, and everybody liked it.
My new beau sang and played in an open mic last evening.
My son was laughing in his sleep. 
I found the perfect gift of her favorite cosmetics brand for my friend that I will give to her later this month. 
I went for a run after work.
I slept for 10 hours.
I had a great and productive discussion with my therapist last night about the events of the previous week.
My boyfriend surprised me with dinner from my favorite place. 
president trump's missile strike against syrian government made me happy
I'm very happy to learn from my dentist, that my tooth can be repaired instead of being pulled out.
Knowing my daughter is not too sick after visiting the doctor
I woke up an hour before my alarm, and I was so happy to realize I could sleep for a whole 'nother hour.
It is Friday, I have an easy work load and am looking forward to the weekend!
Listen to classic salsa in my house
Driving home at the end of the work day made me happy yesterday.
I did my makeup well and I looked pretty.
My kids went to bed on time without calling me back up at all.
Today i got a promotion in my office.
My supervisor's boss finally acknowledged that there is a problem and he plans to help me address it by helping me talk to HR. 
My computer was repaired and returned to from Dell which made me really happy.  They replaced my hard drive and motherboard for free!
I got a full night's sleep. 
My travel ticket got confirmed just now. So I am going to travel to meet my parents.
My nephew came over yesterday and I helped him to cut a piece of plastic for his car lip.
I took my son to his Cub Scout meeting and saw him learn how to tie knots.
I repayed 1/3 of my loan.
I had been out of town Sunday through Wednesday, and when I returned Wednesday night my wife had a big project at work to finish.  So we weren't really able to spend any time together.  Finally last night we had relaxing evening followed by intimate time.  I was very happy.  
I took the time to finish a book that I have been reading.
It isn't much but I have been trying to call my Mom for the past three days and finally got her.
I finally finished painting my cabinets last night and I feel a surge of happiness and satisfaction every time I look at them.
I went to lunch with my husband and son
My 14 year old dog who was having trouble getting up independently all week is now on new supplements and is feeling MUCH better!
I install kodi on my fire tv and watch some NBA games last night.
I got to see my girlfriend after a long day at work.
Completing a migration to the Slim microframework of a PHP-based web app.
I took a shower in warm water.
I went to a family marriage party and had good time with my friends.
I picked up my kids from school and they were so happy because it was earlier than I normally pick them up.
There are numerous happy events in my life that I can recall and among those, I would like to talk about the day that I was blessed with a little sister.
I went out to eat for lunch
I was happy because I was invited to go to a party this Saturday
I left work early and was able to get some rest.
I got a good workout on the morning.
I gave blood this morning.
I was happy when I made a big and healthy meal for dinner
Getting to lay down in bed and so to sleep . 
I got a free pizza via rewards points yesterday evening. 
I talked with my nephew who moved away.
Fixed dishwasher so it doesn't stink anymore.
I was able to get all my work done on time and left earlier than expected from work. 
The Sixers lost and the Magic won last night. I am a Sixers fan but the loss and subsequent win (by the Magic) make them tied in the standings for 4th worst record. In any event, this will help the Sixers draft odds. 
i found out yesterday that the movie i have been dying to see is out on dvd next week.
My wife and I had passionate sex after a long hiatus due to caring for newborn. 
I had a long chat with one of my closest friends from Canada. 
My child scored a goal in soccer
I finally sold my boat!
I am happy because I completed 55000 hits on Mechanical Turk. I am working part time on Mechanical Turk and I make some extra income from it.
I got praised by my boss for doing a good job this morning.
Mohanlal's new Movie Released
I just got paid today! So happy!
I felt happy when I got off of work and went into my workshop.
I was happy when I watched a TV show with my husband in the middle of the day.
having a good reaction from my boss made me happy this day
One event that made me happy was being given the day off from work, I was able to sleep in and take many naps. This made me so happy because I had not slept well the previous days. 
I got my appetite back after feeling sick over worry about something that was really bothering me a tremendous amount.
I was bale to complete a homework assignment last night.
This morning, I went To the Atm, withdraw some cash and I was happy when I had the cash in my hand.
I'm happy that Mom was able to pick up my husband from work. 
My sister and I went for a walk around the lake. 
Watching hockey
I'm happy that it's Friday!!
The sun came out and it smelled like spring!
I bought my boyfriend a tv that was a fantastic deal.
Enjoyed a long afternoon of working and listening to the rain.
My wife got a job interview that she wanted.
I booked a tee time to golf this weekend for the first time this season
I got a job offer to go to Seattle, its a big move and risky but super exciting and I'm happy about it
Yesterday my fiancA(c) ordered us Chinese food when I got home from work, and I was so happy when it arrived.  It was delicious General Tso's Chicken and we watched a Netflix show together, which is a definite combination for happiness.
Meeting up with a friend to pickup a tuxedo for his wedding.
It might sound terrible - but 3rd Grade had a field trip... so I had an extra hot off today and I was caught up in grades, so I just kicked back and relaxed in my office.
My son just started eating baby food, and has been having trouble pooping. It was time, and he made it aware to everyone with the grunting and pushing. After he was done he gave the biggest sigh of relief, and let out the biggest smile. 
One event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was the fact that the Wizards won their game and they are getting very close to winning 50 games.
I went to the movie with my husband.It was a comedy movie and I enjoyed a lot
Learned to make pasta sauce.
I read an article about a new game coming out with new tidbits of information.
I woke up expecting to have to go to work, only to learn that I was given an unexpected day off instead due to lack of work, and would be paid anyway.
I had good Indian food.
Doing these surveys.
My son called and invited me to lunch. 
An account that I have been waiting to come over at work finally came over.
My husband finished the installation of our new cooktop and it looks AMAZING!
Talking with a friend.
I made cookies.
Spending time with my daughter.
I got an unexpected check for $40
I exercise in the park
I found out that my best friend is pregnant.
I finished reading a book that had a happy ending.
I found a four leaf clover!
I earned enough money on mechanical turk to purchase a new video game.


One of my happiest moments, as corny as it sounds, was joining this site and meeting such wonderful people. I can't imagine what life would have been like if I hadn't pressed that 'Become a Listener' button, and joined this community of such warm hearts!


I saw my child dressed like a pirate for a school event.
I went to brunch with a friend I haven't seen in a long time.
This morning, I woke up next to my girlfriend which always brings a smile to my face.
I took my kids to the Museum of Flight which we all enjoyed quite a bit.
Kelp my monthly budget maintained.
I didn't have to go into work until later than usual so I got a few extra hours of sleep. 
I was happy with the meal that my girlfriend and I prepared together.
I wrote my wedding vows.
I was able to avoid being noticed by a crazy person on the sidewalk.
I won a small prize at a bookseller stall at a conference in a game of chance.
The fundraiser dinner I attended last night was very successful. 
I had pizza hut.
My family came back from a trip
My wife and I watched a funny movie together last night. 
When I returned from work yesterday evening, my 8-month-old son said "ma ma" and hugged me when I walked in the door. 
I made an appointment to get my hair cut and I was excited because I haven't had it cut in a long time.
I was able to correctly identify a key signature in choir after not signing for almost 6 years.
I picked up my kids from daycare. 
I had the day off from work, so I spent the day with family and friends.
I was able to find time to do a bunch of pushups.
Received my package from amazon, intact and fast.
I got to attend a gala with my friends with free food and wine.
My son slept in past his normal 7 am wake up call.
I was able to finally clear my house of any unused items and donate to charity
I got to go on a trip to New Orleans with some friends. 
I got a coupon for a free purse in the mail.
I recently sold something on eBay that I had listed for a couple of months. It was a snow globe that I bought and it sold for over a 100 bucks. I was extremely happy because I spent 4 bucks on it. I was happy because I had it for a while and was wondering if I had to lower the price to sell it.
When my phone rang, I looked down at it and was happy because it was my boyfriend calling.
I went swimming with my daughter at the pool at our YMCA; we hadn't been in a while, and her delight was evident which made me happy as well. I also spent five minutes in the hot tub which also made me happy.
I went on a job interview yesterday. It went very well and I am hopeful I'll make it onto the next round of interviews.
I checked my bank account and found that I had already gotten my refund from the IRS yesterday.
I was happy when I went out for milkshakes with my family.
I went out to dinner for a friend's birthday.
My girlfriend told me she wanted me to meet her parents. It kind of makes me nervous but at the same time it tells me shes taking it serious.
I was able to eat lunch by myself where I wanted to go.
I watched my hamsters running and tripping on their wheel.
On Thursday nights my boyfriend and I get together with a group of friends at different restaurants to have dinner and drinks and to catch up with each other.  It is always a fun night on Thursdays and I look forward to it all week long.
My little nephew is picking up very silly phrases and is now currently calling us cyclops!
I was happy about preparing to go on vacation.
Today I gave hug to ma lover
I got the cereal out this morning and there was enough left for one last bowl. 
I drove home to visit my parents who live in a different state for a long weekend at home.
The thing that made my day so happy and bright was when I was talking to my 3 month old daughter, and she bursts out in laughter. It was the first time hearing her laughing chuckles, it made me so happy tears were streaming down my face. 
I got a new hidden weapon appearance in world of warcraft. Which means 1 less thing to have to farm for.
I was driving to pick my husband up from work, as I was driving I noticed an old friend of mine walking down the street I stopped and asked if he needed a ride and he said he was only going a couple of blocks further but he said he missed me and wanted to catch up. I drove him to his destination, we caught up a bit and he invited me to his house last night to chill. I haven't seen him in a long time, so that made me happy and I'm still pretty happy about it.
An item that had gone out of stock which I really wanted finally became available again and I was able to purchase it.
Made some damn good french toast for my daughter.
My friend asked me to spend time with them on skype.
My dog was really happy to see me when I got home from work yesterday!
I was able to leave work a little bit early yesterday.
I felt happy when I finished work yesterday with great results.
I found someone who was willing to purchase my old bed frame. 
I saw that my pregnant wife's round belly is starting to show.
My friends and I talked about music we like.
I was able to leave work early.


I had anal sex with my girlfriend yesterday morning.
The airline got me a hotel for tonight so I dont have to sleep in the airport. 
I had been separated from my former husband for over a year, waiting patiently for my divorce case to be reviewed. I finally attended my final hearing and was granted my divorce. I am now a "single" woman. I feel relieved and very happy to have that weight lifted from my shoulders. 
My husband appeared on TV talking about upcoming concert.
In the past 24 hrs I went for shopping with my nieces n got a very nice sun glasses .i am so happy to do a shopping of my glares 
Started rewatching one of my favorite shows
Finally taking a day off from work
My friends texted to say they were crossing the state border for our weekend together.
I got to eat a butternut squash pizza by the lake with my sister at sunset.
I was able to find my favorite Easter candy at the store. 
When I went to the park with my little brother and his friend for them to play around. I enjoyed seeing them happy and having fun.
I celebrated my 16th anniversary.
I got my highest fitbit steps score ever. 
I started a new phase of a new workout program I am doing and had fun lifting some heavy weights.
I came home from work and my husband was there already home from work which surprised me, and that made me happy!
i was happy this morning when i got my period because i was scared that i was pregnant. 
Went home after 5 month in a new place I shifted for work.
I got a job interview! I have been out of work (outside of Mturk) for a month, and just found out I have an interview Monday.
Walking about 1.1 miles down on an pedestrian free sidewalk with nothing but the traffic of moving cars, singing to karaoke on youtube, made me very happy. 
I went for a jog.
I was happy when I got out of work last night.
I had a nice dinner with my girlfriend.
My wife brought sushi home for dinner.
My husband came home from working out of state a few hours earlier than I expected.
I got a really good deal on tuna at the store. I like couponing and was able to get a lot of food to feed my family and extra to donate to the food bank for a great price. 
My daughter passed her EI eval yesterday!
Got a 1-in-100 or so chance at finding a companion character the moment I started a new game in Don't Starve, making my life so much easier in that hard game.
I went for a run on a trail near where I live. The trees started coming back in a few weeks ago, but a cold front came through the other day, so it was cooler than expected and beautiful.
Watching my son open up his birthday present. 
My brother-in-law got out of the hospital after a few days.
talking to my girlfriend
We are celebrated our temple festival
My spouse saw the dentist and had a painful cavity repaired.
I was happy when my roommate got to leave work earlier than usual.
I got call from my interviewer today, to let me know that I have been selected for the job, and they would be sending the confirmation letter soon.
I was able to sleep in a little later than normal.
Last night my son before bed, hugged me and told me "Mommy you're my favorite". It made me smile and I couldn't help but tear up a little. He's only two so it's kind of a big deal to me. It made me happy all through the rest of the night. 
The best thing that happened to me today was that I put all of my "night chores" on hold and just relaxed with a good book.
I was able to complete a very difficult project on time and within budget.
I made an amazing cordon bleu meal for my family and even my kids liked it so that made me happy.
My daughter called from college and she got into all the classes that she needed for next semester.  She was very anxious going into yesterday but it all worked out for her.
I remembered that I had chocolate under my desk and it cheered me up.
Trying to put daughter's swing set at her grandmom's home yesterday evening was a happy event.
My boss thanked me for helping with her project.
Eating thai food was an experience that made me happy. The food was delicious and it was a great experience.
I woke up and it was still chilly outside. It should be a thousand degrees by now. But it wasn't. It was the absolute perfect morning. And I sat outside and had coffee and it was amazing.
My happy moment in the past 24 hours is my in-laws has come back home from their trip. 
I got an email from a teacher that I hadn't heard from in a while, and it had a compliment in it that was important to me.
My wife and I had a wonderful lunch at a restaurant that is my lunchtime favorite restaurant.
I went to a art show and really enjoyed myself
My daughter decided to apply for college closer to home.
I was able to withdraw a small amount of money I'd put into a Roth IRA, and it was very easy, and the tax penalty small. 
Last night I watched a movie with my girlfriend that she is crazy about and I had never seen it before. I genuinely enjoyed the movie, and it made me very happy to sit and watch it with her. It also made me happy because I really ended up liking the movie.
I went on a short road-trip with my friends and we had lots of fun.
I was able to go on a tour of a location that I had sought a tour of for a long time earlier this morning. 
My first paycheck from my new job was direct deposited into my account.
I had a dinner with friends and it was a lot of fun.
Yesterday evening my 5 month old daughter was able to roll over by herself for the first time.
Well I am in the process of trying to lose weight so today I did 20 laps around the track, it is the first time that I have done that many and I felt quite accomplished doing that.
I went to the store and bought some makeup that I needed.
This morning, I thought that I was completely out of coffee and just the thought made me feel a little grumpy but when I went rummaging through the cabinets for any type of substitute I  found a small plastic bag with coffee in it that I was gong to give to my sister and never did. That made me so very very happy!
I started talking to a new girl and we're going out for drinks later today. 
I came home last night to rose petals, bubble bath, and wine from my boyfriend. 
I got a free pack of cigarettes because the computer glitched out when I went to pay.
I played pool with my girlfriend last night who i might add is a much better pool player then myself. we played best 2 out of 3 and I won 2 games in a row!
My first non-scolding sip of coffee yesterday morning.
I completed a work task without any errors.
I sprained my ankle about 6 weeks ago and am still having difficulty walking.  Yesterday I had someone stretch my ankle/foot for me by rotating it for me as it's difficult for me to do it on my own.  After a few minutes of this, although painful at the time, I felt like I was able to walk much easier.  Still a bit of a limp but not as bad as it was previously.  This made me incredibly happy as it means I should start having someone stretch my ankle on a regular basis and hopefully I can get back to walking normally rather soon.
I went to a guided meditation class, that made me happy.
Sitting down to eat dinner at the dinner table with my husband made me truly happy last night.
My girlfriend got a nice promotion at work and that made me happy as a result.
I was given a surprise 20 dollars. 
Working on the car with my son
I was invited to a reunion event for this weekend from some old college friends.
The happiest I've ever felt was waking up next to my wife and seeing her eyes open and her loving smile when she realized I was awake.
A package I had been waiting for arrived from Amazon
Having my dog walk politely next to me on his walk, without me having to bribe him with treats or becoming frustrated with him for pulling and tugging.
I was sitting at the park and butterfly landed on my hand and stayed there for 30 seconds. 
My mom said that she was proud of me for working hard, keeping my head up and creating a good life for myself.
I completed an app and uploaded it to the marketplace yesterday. This accomplishment made me feel happy.
My favorite male cousin showed me a good time out on the town in honor of my birthday.
I talked to my 3 year old niece on Skype.
I was happy when I received a fancy pen that I had ordered
We watched Office Christmas Party last night and it made me happy to hear my husband laugh after a long, rough week.
I won a large cash prize in a friendly bracket challenge!
I was feeling really sick last night, and when I jumped into a hot shower I instantly felt like a million dollars.
I was happy that my favorite baseball team won their game today.
Went to a baseball game. 
go to hotel,park,cinema and enjoyed as vacation
I saved money.
After work, I got a great workout in at the gym and definitely feel like I'm making progress!
I learned I'll be seeing one of my favorite bands play in Chicago in a few weeks with a best friend of mine that I haven't seen in over a year.
Today my sister-in-law and if several of her kids made a surprise visit from out of town.
Celibrated the job offer with a steak dinner.
I completed a project that had been in limbo for almost a week.
When i realized i got a coupon for half off for meat at a place i shop
I was feet away from being hit by a truck
I went for a jog
I finished my last test of this week.  I'm ready for the weekend now
Eating a good meal made me happy.
my native place temple program
I found the perfect container I was needing on sale today at Home Depot.
i played a lot of guitar
I listened to a good song.
going to the gym.
I accomplished a lot at work today and I felt productive.
I won a game I was playing online.
I got an unexpected day off of work tomorrow.
I worked on an art project with friends.
our vp told me that I wast the best person in the plant

I got to go to my favorite restaurant for dinner. 
I got home from work today and my kids had done the dishes.
I placed an order for a new hooded sweatshirt, and I'm excited to treat myself for a change.
My boyfriend had a good day at work and told me he is off tomorrow so we can spend time together. 
Got some good korean food
Finished a task at work that I had been working on for a week.  An aircraft radio is now ready for installation.
I went for a run. Also with the new headphones. But the Run was amazing with them.
I watched and listened to a beautiful tango-style french song, in which Hugh Laurie sang and played piano.
I received my new speakers in the mail today to attach to my monitor for greater sound quality.
I got to leave work. I enjoyed being able to leave work and go enjoy the rest of my day. It was a great feeling being free.
the happiest movement is change to person to person and time
to time, as far as regarding my happiest movement is
concerned when i completed my high school, it is definitely
an unforgettable movement for me all my family members was
waiting my result, it was just momentum movement,

drinking coffee 
I found out that the girl I was supposed to work for on Saturday isn't sick anymore so I don't have to cover for her.
I was able to find some cheap shoes online that would look good on me
Even though I got off to a late start, I was able to get the entire house cleaned before picking my son up from work today. It was a feeling of happiness and accomplishment.
While at work, I met a fantastic group of friends and connected with them over conversation.
I was last happy when I picked up my niece from school. I hadn't seen her for a few days so I took her home with me. We spent some time together for a few hours before I dropped her off. 
Ate healthy the whole day.
I received a large bonus from doing hits.
eating food
Listening to music is something that always makes me happy and puts me into a good mood. I can't go one day without music.
I got the massage at free of cost and  I am feeling so energetic.
I ate some tasty pizza.
I found out my wife got a raise at work today. 
My friend brought me dinner to my house.
My son told me a funny joke. 
Received plenty of RSVP's to the party. 
Sitting outdoor in the evening, witnessing the sunset with slow cold breeze.
My best friend noticed I was upset and sent me something to try and cheer me up.
I went to my little cousin's soft ball practice.
Woke up, and simply saw my dog out in the hallway happy.
Going to a nice steakhouse and enjoying a delicious meal with my mother.
I was able to diagnose a problem with my car by using the owner's manual.
I'm happy sitting in my big comfy chair and watching tv.
the happiest movement is change to person to person and time
to time, as far as regarding my happiest movement is
concerned when i completed my high school, it is definitely
an unforgettable movement for me all my family members was
waiting my result, it was just momentum movement,

I took a shower.
My doctor said that my blood tests came back all within normal ranges.
I ate my leftover burrito.
I had pizza for dinner from pizza hut.
I did a pizza challenge with my two girls and it was a lot of fun.
We went to dinner with family for my husbands birthday.
I was very happy with the way my day at work went.
I AM GO TO CINEMA WITH MY FAMILY AND GOOD ENTERTAINMENT WITH US
I had the day off from work so I got to hang out with my friends. 
A game I like released a lot of new content today, making things very interesting for the next few weeks.
My father stopped by and told me that he will clean my car for me, and try to give the battery a jump.
I went to the park with my kids.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.

My husband and I fixed our shower and avoided having to pay a plumber. 
my husband came home from the supermarket with my favorite desert, cookies and cream ice cream
I got a bonus at work, but I am really more happy about the youtube thing.
today i have eaten a great steak
yesterday the technicians came from the company to install the New TV that we bought and showed a demo about the TV.My whole family got excited with the new experience we are gaining with the New TV.
the happiest movement is change to person to person and time
to time, as far as regarding my happiest movement is
concerned when i completed my high school, it is definitely
an unforgettable movement for me all my family members was
waiting my result, it was just momentum movement,

Just received the rent check early from my tenant.
I finished a busy front loaded week when I took a test, allowing me to be able to rest up, take a nap, and unload my fatigue.
I ordered a baby crib and changing table on walmart.com
On top of having firewood and a clean yard, I got the benefit of having help from my neighbors. It's nice to know that I live in a community where people help people.
I got another sale on one of my websites.
My shoes that I bought online finally came today.
I had a makeover at Sephora.
My friend give me a gift today
I had a nice dinner with a few friends.
I sat on stone
Yesterday i went to one day dog training program and i was very happy to know how to train puppy within a short period of time.
netflix has all my favorite movies
I found a book for free at the local book drop that I can trade in for $50.
I purchased a game I was interested in for a big discount.
I had some clients consign material at work. 
I had lunch with someone, I haven't seen in a while.
I tried making a new flavored smoothie today and it came out really good.
Going on a job interview to hopefully start to make more money.
My husband had dinner ready when I got home
I got really good Ben and Jerry's ice cream for dessert 
I ate some delicious popcorn after dinner.
I finished writing a proposal for a workshop I want to implement.
Nowadays, happiness is a fuzzy concept and can mean many different things to many people. Part of the challenge of a science of happiness is to identify different concepts of happiness, and where applicable, split them into their components. Related concepts are well-being, quality of life and flourishing.
I ate some Taco Bell
My co-worker brought surprised me with my favorite drink from Starbucks. 
I was happy to hear my friends want to make plans to hang out next week.
I talked to my boyfriend on the phone and he was trusted to run the whole shop by himself.
I was happy when I went for a drive in my car.
I finished all my homework for the night
I watched the Bulls win which helps there chances of going to the playoffs.
Purchased a new Refrigerator  today. 
I spoke to my mom for about half an hour over the phone.
I finished a big work project.
A friend gave me a ride to my car when it was pouring out.
I worked out and make good progress on my weight lifting goal.
I got news that we are on the list of company placements/transfer to a foreign location. We were transferred there last year, then it was cancelled and we are again in the list.
Getting my first birthday wish.
I watched some TV with my family.
I got a really good parking spot very close to the entry door of my apartment building.
Someone called me about needing someone to work on a computer.
I did not succumb to having a beer after release from detox.
I bought some fresh salmon today for a great price from the grocery store.
I went on a walk and the weather was nice.
Progressed further in competitive Overwatch. 
I got a delicious coffee from my favorite coffee shop, and tried a new type of sandwich that was also delicious.
Being able to focus on work without being exhausted from stress and anxiety
I talked to a neighbor. 
I got great feedback for a performance that I did.
I got paid more money than expected for helping a friend move pallets via a truck. 
I visited with my niece.
My husband washed the dishes after dinner without me even asking or saying a word. 
Donated some money to a beggar.
My romantic partner stopped being mad at me and sent me a notification to let me know. 
I got a long awaited dentist appointment over with.
finishing all of my classes early made me happy
My friend came over and cooked a huge dinner for my girlfriend and I.
I made homemade onion rings for the first time today.
A woman at work gave me a really great compliment. 
I FaceTimed with a friend.
I hit my daily earnings goal so it was not necessary to stay up late.
I purchased  my dream new two wheeler yesterday. This makes me too happy.
I felt happy when I went out and grabbed lunch and parked in a pretty spot to eat; I was enjoying the scenery of the mountains and lake.
My boyfriend and I were able to order our new bed today. 
I helped my sister replace her car tires after she struck something sharp. She was very glad that I helped her.
I got to see my friend today, they came over this morning and we talked for a while.
I made delicious soup dumplings.
Today I was given a free day from class which opened up a lot of time in my schedule which allowed me to go play some hockey which I had to skip earlier in the week. 
I was able to spend some quality time with my spouse by going on a date last night it was very nice to get away and go to dinner.  
The day with my parents
I found time to listen to some of my favorite songs.
I bought a  a couple of lottery tickets and won $10!
My best friend has confirmed that he will be able to travel to Bali to meet me there for a couple of weeks of vacation.
At first I was sad when I realized that I have to go back to work tomorrow but I remembered I get the opening shift, which I prefer, and it's only a few hours so finding the positive in that brightened my day a little bit.
I had less anxiety today about starting graduate school this May. I feel I am slowly overcoming this anxiety. 
At work, I established a new vendor as one of our preferred partners.
My wife and I planned a weekend trip to Philadelphia for this weekend.
I had a more relaxed day at work than usual.
A new expansion for Hearthstone came out today which is always a good day since it's like Christmas opening a bunch of new cards.
I received my food order.
I had a flexible work day with time for flexible work time and breaks.
I just booked a hotel for three nights in Las Vegas, and my brothers are going with me.
I received some cards in the mail by Fairhope, a christian card company. I'm not religious, and i got these for free but the messages were very nice and i enjoyed them.
I went on a walk
I had an enjoyable conversation with one of my students about literary criticism.
Replenished my sweet tooth box with Easter candy including jelly beans.
Enjoyed a visit at work with some friends that I have not seen in almost a year.
I found the perfect birthday card and present for my friend in Japan.
I found out that Superior Donuts will be renewed for a 2nd season. 
I made myself a healthy lunch
I watched the move Wedding Crashers with my girlfriend after the kids went to bed.
i was really happy when I reached diamond in overwatch.
Had dinner at one of my favorite restaurants.
I talked to my daughter on the phone
I got loads of laundry done and cleaned my house clean getting these successes made me happy. 
I got to take my daughter over to my mother in law's house and let her play with her cousins who are visiting this week.  I loved seeing her play with them and interact with other kids.  They all had a good time.
I got love proposal from a boy friend and he is my old classmate.He is so affectionate with me on older days and continuing till now.
I had my last meeting with a doctor that has helped me through something difficult.
My friend said that she liked my screenplay despite my doubts, which made me smile.
A student who recently transferred to the school I work at is having a good time and getting along well with the other students.
My son gave me a nice kiss in the morning.
I was happy at work because I did an amazing demonstration of our product.  
I cooked my favorite meal of pasta for lunch and I watched my favorite tv show,Rick and Morty. I got to relax and enjoy myself.
I earned enough on mTurk to meet my daily goals!
My friend took me out to lunch today.  It was very unexpected.
I received a Virtual Reality pair of glasses that I won on an app and had fun using it. 
We went to Planet Fitness and exercised for about an hour as part of our effort to improve our health.
I realized that payday is tomorrow, so I will be getting my direct deposit before I wake up in the AM.
I watched an episode of "Arrested Development" and had the biggest fit of laughter I haven't had in a long time.
Today I figured out a problem at work that I have been trying to solve for weeks.
Another event that made me happy was having a heart to heart with my dad about life. I was back from college for spring break and it was really nice to catch up. 
After long time, I visited to my favorite temple yesterday. I planned to go there for long time and it  happened yesterday only.
My sister sent many story books and other toys for my son, who is very excited with them and this makes me happy too.
My daughter of 10 years ol, with a particular knack for drawing gave me a present of a picture she has been working on for the past week.
I landed my first ever 'lazer flip' on my skateboard.
What made me happy in the past 24 hours is giving the children cookies at the classroom for show and tell.
GOING TO TOUR WITH FRIENDS
I received a coupon.  I was able to buy something online at a discount.  It felt really good to save money.
I talked to a well liked customer about his improving health.
I completed an Mturk HIT that should approve for $5, that was relatively easy.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
Next, upon landing, I decide to make a detour to my bay sister's house.  She happens to be home taking acre of house hold regular  chores while also attending to my 18 months old bubbly toddler of a nice. The later is currently "experimenting" with new words building up her English vocabulary. She is a bit of lat e speaker. Hence, she has never uttered the word mommy quite intelligibly. It just so occurred  that my sister decided to given the temporary responsibility to baby sit my nice for a bit, as she went downstairs to the laundry room. 

We started playing a fun hide & seek game. As she hid behind her couch, her mom reentered the room. Upon My hearing her mother's voice, my pretty excited nice leaped from the couch & assertively blurted" look mommy come" pointing at her rather surprised & melting mother. Did you just teach her how to say that? Needless to say that the entire event made my day.  
I WENT TO SHOPPING 
I actually left the office at 5:00 pm. No late files from headquarters late in the day. No emergency case from our field office. I actually left on time.
I was happy to hear my husband has a chance at a promotion.
i went to movie
I went to Library.
I worked out by jogging 6 blocks to loose weight. I wanted to loose weight and sweat 
I woke up early before my alarm clock, and felt great.
My stock didn't tank.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I received an e-mail telling me I won an award.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
When my sister told me that our art journal wasn't due tomorrow but on Monday.
I had dinner date with a good friend.
we went to a near by village in the car along with my children.on the way we took a bath in waterfall after walking a long distance climbing over rocks walking in forest area.my kids and i enjoyed a lot.
I was happy that I had pizza for lunch.
I WENT  TO SHOPPING
An overnight rain storm cleaned my auto sufficiently well so I didn't have to wash it for another couple of days.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I had ice cream for dessert.
I got to spend quality time in my yard feeding my wild birds and squirrels.
My favorite baseball team won their first game of the season.
I finished my taxes so now I have one less thing to accomplish.
When I had leftover pizza for dinner.
After work, my wife and I went for a run around our local park. 
A friend of mine was on the verge of crying. She just threw herself at me, clutched at my clothes, and sighed with some relief as I held her tightly. I was overwhelmed she found comfort in my embrace.
I got to see my boyfriend.
 in my opinion, took me way too long to learn. ... If you're too negative, you'll intimidate yourself out of trying things, get too hung up on past ... To make big improvements in one area of your life, you need to work on that one area for at least 20 hours a week, for at least ...
We planned to go to  tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised
When I was playing with my both of son's
Getting a new blade for my Silhouette Cameo and being able to cut paper to make my own Easter cards for friends and family.
My company paid for my lunch today.
I tried a new recipe for dinner for my family. 
I felt happy when I finished a very long tedious task at work. I had been working on it for the past two days that basically involved recoding a data set. 
I bought my big protein shake at a discount at Walmart. I normally dont buy in bulk but it was such a good price.

My new Iguana ate a lot today and it was his first day in a new home which is a great sign
My dog looked at me and I gave him a hug.
Got a nice email from someone that I'm interested in.
Friend bought a bike so he ride me
I got some important emails done and actually sent them.
I found a delicious side dish at the fresh counter of the grocery store that was very healthy.
I came home and my wife made me dinner and had the entire apartment clean, that made me happy because the dishes had been piling up.
I played cricket with my friends after a very very long time and had fun.
This evening my wife and I got to spend some time watching our favorite tv show together!
It made me happy playing with my dogs.
The wife of one of my buddies from work just had a baby girl.
I got a new job!
I got up early enough to be able to do a few important things.  
My phone stopped acting up for a while.
I had a very good run this afternoon in the sun.
had a great night's sleep 
Finding someone to sublease my apartment.
Playing card games and having a few drinks with some friends. 
When i got to work today a tenant told me she cooked dinner and brought me down a plate. 
I WENT TO TEMPEL
I was happy to find out that my coworker was  feeling better (she's recovering from a cold or flu).
I had some success in a project I had been struggling with and it made me happy.
I saw my old friend and got to talk to him for a while and see his new motorcycle
when rain finally stopped after many days.
I had the chance to spend the evening doing Tae Kwon Do with many of my friends.
I finished the book I was reading. Reading is one of my favorite hobbies, and it makes me feel very proud to finish up another book.
I closed my store for the last time as an entry level clerk. I work tomorrow morning and then next week I start a promotion as an assistant manager at a new store. My feelings are mixed, but mostly excitement.
I met some friendly people at the graduate student mixer today
I received a shirt in the mail that I ordered and forgot it was being delivered today. So it was a very happy surprise! 
We finished all the paper work to have our taxes done tomorrow.
I was reminded of a dear old friend.
I woke up on my first alarm this morning, and not only woke up in time to go to the gym, but I arrived early and it felt really nice.
Had a nice conversation with my uber driver today on my way back from work, got to meet a fascinating new person, thoroughly enjoyed our talk
Yesterday I received a call letter from one reputed company for project manager post made me happy.
Got in touch with an old friend that I have not spoken to in two years.
Today was a relaxing, stress-free day.
Being outside in the gorgeous hot sun with my children spending great quality time with them by playing and learning through side walk chalk. We played hop-scotch, wrote our numbers down and counted to 100. 
Something that made me happy today was coming home from work to a meal on the table. 
Watching my cat play with her catnip infused toy.
after long days i spoke with my childhood friend.
My daughter asked me if I knew what she was drawing, I asked "me?" and she said, "No, but close because I am drawing a superhero." 
I went to a video game tournament on campus and got 1st place, narrowly beating out my friend over the course of three sets.
I finished a presentation for class.
Yesterday I had dinner with my mom and we talked about memories
I was notified by the court that my request to have my restraining order against my parents was granted.
I met with a friend at Panera Bread whom I hadn't seen in a while. 
This afternoon, I decided to treat myself to a smoothie at Jamba Juice.
I watched a funny video online
I got a few work calls over with which I wanted to do so I can do more enjoyable things.
I had funny and interesting dreams
I saw a trailer for my favorite show that was just released.
i talked my old teachers today
I thought about the guy I'm dating and how cute he is.
I had some free time in the afternoon and got to read a book. 
My baby said new sounds he has never said before.
The news that I gain new followers on my social media accounts.
Seeing my ill dog playing with me again.
Yesterday, I reached my earnings goal for the day. 
I found out that I might get a little money back from Income Tax, not much though.
I talked to this cute girl on the train, she was cool.
I drank good beer.
I went to the ATM this morning to withdraw $40 and three twenty dollar bills came out of the machine.
An order for Dot's Custard ejuice for my vape mod arrived in the mail.
Yesterday i went to my child school because the teacher called me and i went there in a sad mood because i am hoping that the teacher may compliant about my child, surprisingly the teacher made a good remark that my child was doing very good and she was outstanding and i was very happy.
My boyfriend grabbed me and gave me a hug.
I managed to get an important report done and finished well before its deadline.
I got an e-mail from my parents about their trip to Florida.
Watched a new episode of Big Bang Theory.
I went for shopping yesterday.
I am enjoy in eating variety of delicious food made by my daughter. We all had lunch together with great enthusiam
I finished a review for an upcoming exam, and felt confident about the material. 
I got the news that my mom is going to try to visit for my first mothers day next month!
I was able to get a new plan on my phone earlier this afternoon.
I spent an hour listening to a very funny lecture.
going to college 
I was made happy in the last twenty four hours when my spouse gave me a bunch of kisses. 
I was having problems with my phone so bad it was made essentially useless, but I was able to get a (new to me) phone and it works. 
I bought a dress for my wife from amazon.
I'm anticipating Harry Styles putting out his new single. I learned that it's 5 minutes and 40 seconds long.
New shirts I ordered came in the mail.
I received a job offer. 
I walked my dog and he made a new friend with someone else who was walking their dog.
My fiancee sent a video to me this morning that reminded me how adorable she is.
YESTERDAY WE WENT A PICNIC NEARLY.
Told my wife I was working from home tomorrow and invited her to "come home for lunch" and she agreed.
more than time spent to my husband
Drinking a bottle of wine with a friend. 
I m very happy when i met with my favorite player of football he is promote his brand and deal with our company.
played hide and seek game with my girl friends in college event. its memorized my school days
I helped a friend study for an exam
I played with my roommate's dog before and after work.
eating to chicken 
I went to a good Mexican restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had some good tacos.
My youngest child sat next to me on the couch and cuddled with me.
I made plans to hang out with the guy I like this weekend. 
I filled in for a shift at my old food truck job and got to work with my old friend/coworker.
I got to leave work early.
Making money on a job I was counting on made me happy.
My husband came home early from work 
I made a meal that my whole family enjoyed. 
My favorite song came up on shuffle.
I got offered new employment.
My delivery order of some gourmet food arrived early and fully intact.
i got to talk to an old girlfriend and she made me smile.
For no apparent reason, I decided to enter the kitchen yesterday,  to cook a chicken dish, with help from my sister who was on the phone constantly guiding me, and yelling out when at the end of the session my niece certified my preparation as one of the best she has ever had.
I written 5 minutes journal which is my daily planning activity, it help me to set my longterm life goals, it made me inspired and happy.
I ate Kentucky Fried Chicken
I was selected as one of the employees who would be sent to Australia for a week for development program.
prepared flavoured rice for the first time
I felt close to a coworker.
it was raining heavily the whole night and it made the atmosphere a cool one and made a lot difference in the atmosphere and made me happy.
i win a lottery ticket yesterday morning i get money 20000, twenty thousands i enjoy this moment with my friends and family.
I got accolades at work
I got promoted and shifted to head office in abroad, i am very happy.
Buying nutritive food for my pet ( dog )
Received back my exam from my linear algebra class, and received a good score, 92%.
I ate delicious fried chicken for dinner.
I played a match of yugioh cards with my brother and won.
It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received. It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters.
My test results came back for this certification at my job and I passed.
I saw a poor people near my house. He was very hungry. I gave food. I was happy
I finished the first season of The Get Down, The second season comes out tomorrow and I cannot wait
It was a shockingly nice day out today, I expected it to be windy, but it was sunny and cool and great. 
A super home made chicken which is prepared by me for the dinner was really extreme taste. everyone appreciated me.
In the past 24 hours I took a nap and woke up feeling refreshed
My son was mostly well behaved today.
I made curry for dinner. My boyfriends loves it
I made more at work than I expected to.
I WENT TO SHOPPING IN USER MY KETCHEN ITEM 
I went to my last class for the semester and am completely done with all work.
My sister who lives abroad in london came to visit us today after a long time. My whole family is very much happy and excited. Even i am also very happy seeing her after so long time.
I bought tickets to see Ghost in the Shell for in IMAX 3D for tomorrow night.
Had lunch with a new employee at work and we got along great.
my neighbours daughter delivered a baby girl yesterday 
today i ate a delicious home cooked meal.
I found out that the vacation time I asked for at work was approved for the weeks I wanted this summer.
Generally we do have week general meetings at my office. Today I got appreciation regarding my office presence certificate from the company administration and they gifted me a DELL Laptop. Office Presence activities are formal dressing, meeting task deadlines correctly, attendance, subjecting to project documentation. This is one of the happiest moment I would like to share and I glad to be part of the company and I love my office atmosphere.
I got a new book in the mail. 
Cooked a healthy, filling dinner.
I left work for the rest of the week.
I had a fun debate about the Kendall Jenner Pepsi ad with a few friends.
A student hugged me.
My son has started speaking complete sentences for the first time.
I was happy when i saw my girlfriend online.
I solved one of the two assignments I had to do.
I watched Jeopardy earlier.
I went for shopping yesterday with my family and i enjoyed it.
GOING TO THE SHOPPING MALL WITH MY WIFE
My son and I went to the park after school.
I bought a coworker a brownie and it seemed to make her afternoon.
A great home cooked meal with my roomates
I was called in for work that I enjoy.
I got a lot of beer
I marathoned in to the badlands on netflix and I enjoyed the show
I finished all my property classes!
I ordered a new iPhone. The iPhone 7 plus. 
Getting candy in my class today from my professor
I bought myself a box of my favorite cookies
BOUGHT A NEW BIKE
I was able to find a song after searching for it for 15 minutes. 
When I said hello to my boyfriend's cat and she responded with a meow.
I made coffee plans with a friend for next week.
Went to play my favorite game Tennis after a long time.
My Long pending due was collected by my subordinate from a problematic person in the city
I was able to figure out the password and username that I had written down (poorly) and access a website that I hadn't been on in months.
MY ELDER SISTER GOT FIRST MARK IN THE UNIVERSITY AND SHE IS A TOPPER OF THE UNIVERSITY AND GOT A CHANCE TO STUDY IN ABROAD 
Today, I am going to purchase new desktop system and thinking of that moment feels more happy.
happy moment is when i came home to find my spouse had cooked dinner for us and rented a movie.
Hearing a song a like on the radio and dancing to it.
My husband held my hand as we walked through the store.
I thought it was 2 hours later than it actually was, so I was able to go back to sleep.
MY BROTHER GOT SELECTED IN CAMPUS INTERVIEW IN HIS COLLEGE AND OFFER TO WORK IN ABROAD THIS IS HAPPIEST WISH FOR ME
I was searching for one health product online and the product is out of stock for long time but yesterday that product available in stock and that moment feels happy and I ordered it.
I made a list of candidates for a job that I have been working towards for several years.
Am going to my mom house am on the way to my mom house I love my mom a lot after one month am going am so happy
I stepped on my scale this morning, to my surprise I've lost 8 pounds!
I finally did my laundry which I had been putting off.
I WENT TO TEMBLE
MY SISTER IN LAW GAVE BIRTH TO BABY GIRL. THE BABY WAS VERY CUTE. I TOUCHED HER LEG AND HAND FINGERS. THAT ME MADE FEEL VERY HAPPY.
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.[3] Since the turn of the millennium, the human flourishing approach, advanced particularly by Amartya Sen has attracted increasing interest in psychological, especially prominent in the work of Martin Seligman, Ed Diener and Ruut Veenhoven, and international development and medical research in the work of Paul Anand.
Going shopping and taking care of some errands, and getting out of the house
I was able to try this really juicy Pulled Pork people have been telling me to try and it was really tasty.
yesterday night i reached to home after tripping for australia very nice moment this day
one strange person made with an accident at that time i helped him by calling a ambulance and went to a hospital that was very happy moment for me because i helped to an old man .
got bonuses from my work which i'm getting regularly
My good friend brought her 3 year old over to visit for several hours.
My partner and I did a mini Star Trek marathon.
Taking a walk in the woods behind my home.
I ate a fine fish lunch at Waikiki.
i made upma (break fast)to day
i talk to my sister
I sold an item from my business online and made a profit of ~US$7.00
I was gifted a small amount of marijuana.
I joined the event " Girl with football " I am very excited because I could meet many peoples
Yesterday evening my school friend called me after many years, his name rajesh he is working as a cab driver. We planned to meet together on coming Sunday. we both had nice conversation after so long. Along with him one more friend will join with us on Sunday. i was so happy that i would meet them on sunday.
I hung out with some friends and played mechwarrior.
I watched a movie with my wife
I made a sale on Amazon.
When I called my internet provider today and found out I have another week before I have to pay my bill which makes things a whole lot easier right now.
I watched a old show called the land of the giants and for some reason it made me nostalgic and very happy.
I visited my friend at her new workplace. 
i meet my old friends to day
I managed to clean my house, the portion of my room was incredibly messy and I can organize my clothes now. This makes me feel like there's a bit of stability to my life with simple tasks.
Coming back to work from a 3 week vacation and my employees received me with hugs and smiles.
A streamer on twitch accidentally pulled up an inappropriate video.
I went for a 7 miles run
I reached office easily because no traffic in the road
I made a cool new song on my computer
i got permission to go to Germany from my parents
My neighbor invited me to her birthday party tonight.
I had a conversation with someone that was going through a hard time (his dad going though cancer) and he opened up to me and told me about his hard time going through that and the happy outcome ...his dad is now in remission 
Finding and watching episodes of a television series I never got to finish, online. 
My roommate and I made a pretty tasty pizza
Had a good breakfast that seemed to tide me over for the day.
I saw a beautiful schoolgirl walking down the road.
I got to see one of my friends.
I had a shopping with my husband.  It is so fun and exciting. 
I am trying to control my smoking habits.
SWIMMING IN WATER PARK
I got a really great, tough workout in right when I was feeling very stressed out.
I was hugged.
I got surprise teddy bear from my daddy
I heard good news at work.
I watched the Watchtower series #4 with Bane and The Flash, and it was awesome. Im super excited and happy about the upcoming release.
I took my son to the new library and he was so happy, well adjusted and well behaved.
HAD ONE OF MY FAVOURITE DISH AS MY DINNER
Yesterday i went to museum with my best friend that was looking so awesome,in museum it contains lot of objects of old people we have visited all those objects and felt great after that we went for a movie,we felt very happy.
I had a seemingly successful job interview that lead to a second one. 
Ordered a new smartphone from amazon.com
The first time when i have earned money from online business & able to transfer to my bank account from the new platform on which i have started to work from last day,  it makes me very happy and give positive motivation towards the platform. I am very excited for the next result of payment coming today.
I hung out with two old friends and ate lunch at a nice restaurant.
Getting home safe from driving in the rain.
I meet my cousin Lena, after 3 years without seeing her
I fixed my washing machine 
I had my first day of classes and I have a group of two other people that I share the classes with, which is really nice.
I was having a great work out.
My youngest son was playing on the playground and was so happy that I helped him reach a higher object.
We had dinner at the new vegan cafe in town and it was delicious.
I sat and read for a couple of hours and felt really relaxed.
I got to watch the entire baseball game.
I went to the gym today and I grunted on every rep to show my dominance and a girl smiled at me. 
I exercised for the first time in a long time.
I went shopping with my best friend
I ate a burrito and killed it in about 2 minutes.
Tonight I watched a comedian on Netflix with my wife.  The comedian was funny, but I mostly paid attention to my wife's laugh.  She has always had a beautiful laugh and I fell in love with her all over.
I had a piece of my homemade French apple pie, my favorite.
My daughter has got admission for her higher studies in the same school where she has completed her studies.
While looking for something to eat for lunch, I was happy when I unexpectedly found a can of my favorite ravioli.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying ticket. I was surprise.
My daughter (5) told me she loved me. That always makes me happy and bring s smile to my face. 
Another girl on Tinder wants to meet up Saturday.
It made me happy to eat popcorn and watch Survivor.
I WENT TO INDUSTRIAL VISIT WITH MY FRIENDS AND COLLEGE PROFESSOR . I FEEL THAT MOMENT USEFUL AND ENJOYMENT. 
I had a burrito at a local taco shop for lunch.
we planned to go to the summer vacation...this moment make more happy to my family members...
we planned to go to tour on summer vocation.my father showed my buying tickets. i was surprised.
YESTERDAY ME AND MY FAMILY WENT TO A LONG DRIVE IN MY NEW CAR WE ENJOYED AT THE CORE.
We planned to go to tour on summer vacation. my father showed me a buying ticket i was surprised.
I had been craving Cheetos Puffs for the past weeks and I finally got some today.
WE PLANNED TO GO TO TOUR ON SUMMER VACATION. MY FATHER SHOWED ME A BUYING TICKET I WAS SURPRISED.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation my father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. my father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
We planed to go to tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
My assignment was much closer to home. It only took a half an hour to get home as opposed to my other assignment which took an hour and a half.
My favorite basketball team won a game.
Went to a motorsports club meeting.
Yesterday i went to mall and i bought more toys for my sister's baby then i met my college friend.We both shared lot about our college days.
WE PLANNED TO GO TO TOUR ON SUMMER VOCATION. MY FATHER SHOWED ME A BUYING TICK I WAS SURPRISED.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. my father showed me a buying tickets. i was surprised.
We celebrate my father birthday in my hometown.He feel very happy in the situation, he cut cake and ate sweets&mixtures.We gave a gift his birthday presentation. We are all happy the moments.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
I went for a long mountain bike trip with my best friend into the mountains. 
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation My father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
I got out of work 15 minutes early.
I WENT TO A LONG DRIVE IN MY NEW CAR.I ENJOYED AT THE CORE.THAT MADE ME VERY HAPPY.
I made a dinner recipe that tested my abilities and it turned out well.
I usually bring my lunch to work, but today I had the opportunity to check out a great nearby Chinese restaurant.
I AM WENT TO BIG SHOPPING MALL WITH MY FAMILY FRIENDS VERY ENJOYING THAT EVENT.
I exercised for 2 hours today.
After being up for twenty-four hours, I finally managed to go to sleep.
YESTERDAY WE  PURCHASED THE NEW CYCLE IN MY ONE YEAR BABY
WE PLANNED TO GO TO TOUR ON SUMMER VOCATION. MY FATHER SHOWED ME  A BUYING TICKET. I WAS SURPRISED .
 Finishing work on time made me happy.
I got new movie dvds from my neighbour and it made me happy
I was happy when I woke up this morning after a really nice sleep, and had lovely dreams as well.  
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
I finished my work week.
Tasting a meal when I was hungry. 
I have a granddaughter which is 3 year old. Her talks generally amuse me and I feel very happy after that.
WE PLANNED TO GO TO TOUR ON SUMMER VOCATION. MY FATHER SHOWED ME A BUYING TICK I WAS SURPRISED.

MY RELATIVES PRESENTED CAR TO ME. I FEEL EXTREMELY HAPPY. 
A email did confirm that my bug report (SW) was approved, I wasn't sure they would.
yesterday i met orphanage children..playing with them..its a happiest moment for my life... 
I'm happy because today I have a good day, we will go with my son to walk to McDonald's and to the cinema. And we will have a good time together and a good mood.
In my place of work I have a crush on one girl, She is too pretty and I like her too much Always when i see her I become happy automatically through her magical appearance around me.
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
i purchased a new blue kodak spectacle for me . which makes me happy.
My cousin stopped by just to hang out and chat; it made me happy that she was thinking of me.
yes my child growth
went to tour for 3 days  Munnar, thirumoorthy hills
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
We went to Hotel for dogs and spent half day there with dogs.
I made decent money quickly at work today
We're happy to see the attention directed elsewhere.
I talked to an old friend
I made some food and it tasted great. 
All my friends give me surprise party on my birthday party occasion early morning its a happiest moment for me
My wife told me she was able to get a Nintendo switch that I have been looking for for about a month.
Talking and laughing with my friends and family makes me happy.I slept throughout the night hugging the man that makes my heart beats fast and giving me laughs.I have a start-up Sugar Free blog that felt nearly impossible to keep up during the holidays and I just got a message from a follower saying aI am so encouraged by your account, I just found out I have to go completely sugar free, and I had no idea I could still eat so many amazing foods!a.
An event that made me happy was speaking to my significant other about plans for tomorrow.
I found out that my health insurance has not been dropped (due to me being behind in payment, although I am NOT out of the woods yet due to still being behind.
I made a great pot of French Press coffee which I am currently enjoying.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. My father should me a buying tickets. I was surprised.

I finally saw Star Wars Rogue One with my son.
I received an email stating that the final piece of my client's personal computer arrives tomorrow, I'm pretty excited to get it built and see how they like the final product.
Today, I went out for lunch with my wife and had a great time with her and I am happy.
A friend invited me to meet up with them in NYC soon. 
It made me happy to think about Hugh Jackman possibly returning again as Wolverine after Wolverine 3: Logan, if Ryan Reynolds can successfully persuade him to return.
I ate lunch and watched the Cardinals game.
When I was jogging in the park.
My wife got a raise at her job that was substantial
Finally received some paychecks that I had pending for a few months now
Got a new PS4 game delivered from Amazon.
I drove on the freeway listening to loud music by myself.
When i heard that the lost brother of my friend came back after six long years i felt extremely happy
I finished Legion, a television show I have been watching.
I was able to take the dog for a long walk in beautiful weather.
My wife and I had sex and it was good.
I had a relaxing enjoyable lunch yesterday.
Came second in a contest and the team contacted me for the prize.
go to temple
 When i completed my software engineering degree and to get more knowledge, technique from this degree. When I was got my certificate, that day which was very interesting day than other days, which could not be explained in a single word. On that day, I was on cloud mine and jumping on the road cause of happy moments. I was calling to my father to give the best news. Then, my father felt so more proud, which I could see with my eyes. On that day my mom was cooking some special food, which I likes so much. Also, my grandmother, all of my Aunts, Uncles gives more gifts. All of my cousins and my younger sister accordingly singing some song. I could never forget those days.
MY BIRTHDAY CELEBRATED WITH MY RELATIVES AND FRIENDS. ITS MEMORABLE MOMENT. BECAUSE THEY PRESENTED GIFT IS A LIFELONG USES. 
had my favourite Italian dish
I have off work today and have plans with my family.
i had treated a beggar with food.
I managed to get my controller working for my Xbox one again, after having being broken for days. 
The Orlando Magic defeated Brooklyn, and as the draft pick from Brooklyn goes to the Celtics it made me and many others very happy as now, at worst, the Celtics get the equal most chances at the top overall pick.
I didn't break my diet and only ate food I was "allowed" to eat, even though there were lots of tasty looking desserts around.
My wife baked chocolate chip cookies for dessert today. The entire house smelled like freshly baked cookies. It was such a good feeling.
my one year old son take my mobile(iphone6 plus ) and throw it i am shocked but thank god my mobile is perfectly alright at that moment i am very happy
My birthday is my happiest day. I wait for it the whole year. That day I wear new dresses. My parents take me to the temple to offer worship in my name. Mt parents, sister, relatives and friends wish me Happy Birth day. MY give sweets and chocolate to my friends who are studying with me in my school. They are also happy on that day.
I happened upon a Snorlax in Pokemon Go and actually managed to catch it.
I had a very good dinner at my mothers house. 
bought tickets to the annual spring game 
The weather was very nice yesterday, and I was happy for the most of duration of me being outside.
For weeks I've been looking for a certain size/type of baking pan and was very discouraged but yesterday while looking at some new websites, I found exactly what I wanted at a really good price.
My cousin graduated on a primary school and we've celebrated on a restaurant.
I went to McDonald's and got a large strawberry milkshake.
I had a baked potato last night for dinner and put all of the toppings on it, it was delicious.
I enjoy thunderstorms, and it stormed in my city for the first time this year.
I stopped at the dollar store to get some Gatorade, but ended up getting a bunch of other items.  Everything there is actually a dollar, so I walked out of there with three heaping bags of stuff.  This will really help me save money.  
I got to stay an extra hour at work and made some extra income by staying.
I took a long walk to the library and burned some calories.
I exercised for longer than usual and felt really good afterwards
I had requested for funds transfer from Mturk. When I checked my bank account, I found that I had received the funds directly to my account from Mturk in Indian Rupees. It was a moment of joy.


When my daughter got into a school.
I was happy that I got up early to do some work.
I made it home safely through the snow and ice yesterday.
I get the day to myself without kids.
Another event that made me happy was going for a drive by the water.
My friend from New York called today with some exciting news that she had just become engaged. I am so excited for her.
My wife's job is extended for another year.
My coworkers complimented me on the project I finished.
The house that I was focused on buying a couple of weeks ago is back on the market as of yesterday so I am eager to check it out.
Headed out to a nice restaurant for dinner.
When my favorite cricket team won their match.
I did my laundry and put them away. 
When one of the nurses at work was trying to train a new employee on how to clean up blood, and she said that the was menstrual blood on the toilet in the bathroom and she seemed really excited to go clean it up. I overheard this while in the office and my boss and I cracked up over it.
I hit my step goal for the day.
Lately we've been having issues with my daughter and we got her help, my wife and I in talking with her believe she is finally getting the right help for problems and getting better.
We went and toured a home that we are considering putting an offer on. It was really exciting and it made me happy.
I got first prize in quiz competition at my workplace.
I took my dog for a walk.
The younger you were at the time, the better. I can not remember too much from my young childhood, besides the warm feeling from sitting in a basket of laundry just come from the dryer, my dad teaching me how to ride a bike, and the days my mom would pick me up from grade school and we would eat and talk at Arthur Treacher's while we were waiting for my brothers to finish school. And I can remember one vacation with my family by the seashore when I was very young, when my grandmother showed me how to dig for clams, as well as a trip to Disneyland where we stayed in a loft with a circular staircase surrounded by orange trees. All of these memories leave me with happy, warm feelings about my childhood
Got a refund on a product that I was having trouble with.
I had a good political discussion with a coworker. 
I picked up a prescription medication that helps with some fatigue that I have been experiencing.
The event that made me happy was picking up a six pack of quality craft beer and enjoying it through the afternoon.
I went to the gym yesterday and had a great workout and felt great afterwards.
Was watching my son play Zelda for the first time. He put down the controller and said "Im zelda". Not knowing he was really playing as link
Purchased a washing machine for washing my clothes.
Spoke with my parents after a gap of 7 days.
I got a call from the man who does my taxes saying that I was going to get a big refund this year. I wasn't expecting so much at all, in fact, i thought I would probably have to pay in again like last year.
I played with my dog.
I treated myself to a burger, which usually isn't in my eating plan, and it was delicious.
I cleaned out the garage and freed up a lot of space and made things organized.
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I had lunch with a friend and was able to get caught up on things with her.
I received the matching key rings I ordered for my best friend and I in the mail; I'm excited to ship hers out to her. 
A girl I have a crush on agreed to go on a date with me. 
I found I had soda left over in the fridge so I don't have to buy more.
My friend engagement. They arranged the party in Mall. She look like a angle. The event was started. I was enjoyed the party very well.
I finished a big project and it came out well at work yesterday. 
we are family members going to comedy show ,we are all full enjoyed.
I stopped by my favorite deli and got some cheese and sliced ham.
I was going my lover home so be happy so much...
I met an old friend for coffee and to catch up on family news.  
I had a nice dinner with my wife afterwards and then we watched tv.
Going to the movies with my girlfriend 
When I talked to my girlfriends.
I made my favorite dinner last night.
I weighed less today than yesterday, based on the scale.
I received my check in the mail for my federal taxes. 
Being able to spend time with my father who I don't get to see too often.
Yesterday I got to see my friend Sahar, he lives in Jersey, but came down for his Jewish holiday.
I had hours of me time.
Started watching the tv show 13 Reasons Why and it's turned out to be very good, although it's a little confusing at times.
One of my children finally found a desirable apartment to move into for work even though it has been a very competitive market.
ate a great pancake
I was able to sit and have some quiet time yesterday.
We went to by bus.We are watching Forests and hills station and rivers and etc
I heard a juicy gossip about my coworker in a relationship.
I finally got the name of and talked to a girl that I like.
I had to fight with a customer care person for overcharged bill. I won the argument and this too made me happy.
When my sister told me that she was going to cook dinner so that I didn't have to.
I helped my neighbor move some new furniture he bought for his apartment.
My manager gave me a really pretty shirt.
I got all my errands done before going to see my friend this weekend. 
Yesterday was thursday, so a snack cart comes around the office and gives us snacks.
Talked to my best friend on the phone.
I was happy when a good friend gave me a $50 WalMart gift card.
I received positive feedback at my work, which is great because im working towards a promotion.
I watch a old movie today it is very entertaining one.
Getting one of my best step days in.
My husband pre-made the coffee last night. All I had to do was get up and fix a cup.
I'm suddenly walking better (a nice break from usual MS symptoms).
My husband came home from work and had bought me a coffee on the way home.
I went to the gym last night, which always makes me feel better.
The weather is slightly warmer this morning.
I was leaving my little daughter to her school in the morning. I felt happy when she made a goodbye gesture to me.
My dog is feeling much better from when she was sick the other day. She ate all of her food and didn't throw up.
Today I went to my church and there is election I am elected President of WMC.
Started to learn to drive a manual transmission vehicle
I had sex with my girlfriend.
I got a surprise gift from my manger.
I was able to talk to my sister Susan and we reminisced about funny childhood memories, like her imaginary friend Jason.
Made some decent money on mturk.
Finally got an espresso machine!
I found out that my employer had figured out how to deposit my HSA funds directly into my account instead of making me wait for a check every four weeks. 
My son got the first prize in good handwriting competition. I am very happy about it. 
I am happy that I have a chance to win money from my workout challenge that I just completed
I bought my sister a bouquet of flower when I first saw her.
A friend had a medical procedure that we were all worried about, but turned out to be fine.
My friends took me out for drinks last night to celebrate my new job.
My professor congratulated me on receiving a fellowship for the summer.
I enjoyed the weather yesterday. 
I visited my brother and spent some time with my nephew and niece. We got to bond as a family.
A quote from a book.
my kid did a craft with beads and that beads are made of clay .This craft has been brought by her uncle from US. she feel happy and looking that i also feel happy.
I got to spend time with my uncle who I haven't seen in years.
I was happy when a man thought I was about then years younger than I am.
Not having to work
My fiancee and I had a nice anniversary dinner.
I still haven't gotten my period. My husband and I are hoping to add to our family so this is a good sign! 
we arranged lunch for that in our home.all are enjoyed and ate
Finding out about Rick and Morty series and watching two episodes of this.
Played sports with my colleagues
we arranged lunch for that in our home.all are enjoyed and ate
Attended temple function with family
When my dog woke me up in bed.
I finished an a long online homework assignment. 
My baby grandson arrived this morning to spend the day with me. 
My daughter slept through the night with only minor cry.
My husband text me randomly to say, "I love you", which is not typical for him to do.
I watched my favorite show yesterday evening.
I made it to work on time despite having early errands to run.
I went to McDonalds.
I ate dinner with my wife.
I realized that today is Friday and not Monday.
I thought I had run out of coffee beans only to discover that I had a stash of delicious Kona beans.
Another event that made me happy was being able to sleep in an extra 20 minutes. Although it may seem super small, I crave sleep, hate getting up early and enjoyed those extra 20 minutes.
I went for a great spring walk with my sister and I was so happy to smell the flowers and feel the air that I yelled with joy.
Seeing my brother one last time before he moved across the country 
I found out I qualify for a very large tax refund.
Took my daughter to Tai and read a book along the side.  Nice time out.
My wife made some really good barbequed steak in the slow cooker with potatoes last night, it was delicious. 
I was happy when my youngest daughter started showing more interest in talking.
They had my favorite type of coffee this morning. 
I was able to leave work an hour early.
I am sitting with my cup of coffee at sunrise with the cat in my lap.
I discovered that today is national coffee cake day! 
I figured out the line of code that was causing me issues in an app I'm working on.
Went shopping at Lincoln Road for a bit
I found out some very useful information about one of my accounts that will help me in the future.
I went to a department sponsored happy hour with my coworkers and had a relaxing and fun time.
Ate frozen blueberries. 
I woke up and felt truly grateful to see another day, with a roof over my head, food on my table, and a family who loves me and I love them.
I put up my change in my change jar and had enough total to make a roll of quarters.
Sexual pleasure with my wife before work yesterday morning.
We were able to binge watch a couple shows on Netflix for free last night.
One of my bosses told me that he is going on vacation starting today.
I made plans with a good friend to have a breakup party so that she can get out of a fairly toxic relationship.
I listened to a podcast that I thought was very funny.
Watched my favorite basketball team win a big game last night.
I woke up to the sounds of birds chirping that I have not heard since late summer.
Before work I decided not to drive to work but to ride my bike, this at the moment did not make me happy because it required energy.  However, afterward I felt amazing! 
I shared this happy moment with my co-workers and gave a treat.  All of them felt very happy.
Saw the night sky full of stars
I had fast food, it was delicious.
I went to a book club meeting with friends.
We got to dance while we were at the open mic.
My kids playing outside together and getting along. 
I am going to be able to afford new contact lenses soon, which I haven't been able to get for a long time. 
I caught up on some shows that I have been not motivated to watch.
I woke up very early and feel very good. 
I found a batch of Asian pears -- one of my favorite fruits -- on sale at my local supermarket. 
I beat Super Mario 64 with 120 stars. 
When I ate ice cream yesterday, It made me feel happy.
My friend who I haven't seen in 2 years, came into town yesterday and visited.  She let me know she is moving back to our state.  I am beyond happy to see her and hear she is moving back!!
Eating a healthy lunch
I got a really great paying HIT that took 15 minutes and paid $10.
I listened to a lot of my favorite old music that I forgot about, and it made me feel nostalgic. 
Eat home-made burgers
My antisocial cat curled up and slept with me last night.
I put on a nice outfit that was very flattering.
I made up a new twitter handle and the one I really wanted was not already taken.
Today i saw my ex lover.
My husband made me delicious sausage and vegetables on our new Green Egg grill.
I was able to get a lot of things checked off my list that needed to be done around the house.
I got to grab coffee and catch up with a friend. 
My mom bought orange juice and served me
My close friend called me today and invited for a get together. It is going to be fun this weekend.
I bought persona 5 for my playstation 4.
I played Monopoly with my kids.
I gave a meal to one hungry stray dog which was walking in the street around our house.
I was feeling low yesterday morning, and I really didn't feel like going to the gym.  But I did, as I almost always do, and I was really happy I did.  I sweated out some stress, and I felt one hundred times better afterward.  
I found a new class that I will start taking to improve my sewing skills.
I discovered the river has finally gone down enough and I have beaches to walk on again!
Cuddling up with my children for story time before bed last night made me feel extremely happy.
I cuddled with my son before bed last night
A friend left a surprise gift for my son on the front porch since he's having surgery today.
Go out to dinner at my favorite pizza restaurant.
I got to pet my dog after a long day of work.
Eating a delicious dinner of shrimp scampi.
I looked at my phone and realized that it is Friday.
I prepared chicken fry by heating directly on fire.
I met my friend that I haven't seen in a long time at a bar to chat and have some beers.
When I got married, I was 26 years old. Since I belong to a traditional and orthodox Hindu family, it's more or less like a religious and family festival
I watched star trek
I was happy because I got some spring yard work done yesterday
I went to an event and they had three of my favorite desserts!
I played cards with my daughter.
My roommates left town for the weekend, which gives me the house to myself.
I had a very positive and hard workout
Getting a package in the mail a day before you expected it 
I cleared a hard stage on this video game I've been playing.
I finished work early.
Went out to dinner with kids and wife.
My cat came over and was being especially friendly and playful. 
I ordered pizza for dinner last night and it was delicious.
This morning my husband woke up happy and playful, which always makes me happy.
A website pulled a switch-a-roo on my wife when she tried to make a purchase with a special deal code, it wasn't a big deal and we had great laugh about her initial frustration. 
My daughter sent me an article entitled "15 Reasons You Know Your Mom is Your Best Friend". Knowing that she feels that way meant more to her than she will ever realize. 
My youngest child got over her cold
I had a good meeting at work after thinking that I would get grilled over certain issues. It went great! 
I got refund from Telecom company for long pending dispute, today. Feeling happy that the issue is finally resolved.
My daughter brought home a straight A progress report.
I applied for Canadian Visa
I am working from home today after spending the last three days in the office ugh!
I was quite happy when I found a dollar bill on the ground
I was happy when I got back inside after a very cold and windy walk.
fulfilling my designated task and made it perfect
I was very happy in the morning because I took my dogs to the part and was able to relax and happy that the dogs had fun too. 
When out on a walk with my wife and doggies the temperature had plummeted from being in the high 60s the day before to the 40s and the rain started and we were freezing but I was just glad to be outside with us all together with a warm safe home to return to.
I took a nice long hot bath earlier this morning. 
I schedule a public for tomorrow and a lot of people reply and said they could be there, so Im happy that I have To see my friends and enjoy their company all day.
I'm happy we bought a new truck yesterday. 
I received an excellent end of year review from my supervisor. 
My boys made good grades this semester when they brought home their report cards last night.
Finished mowing the yard
I'm happy that we are going boating tomorrow!
The rain stopped after two weeks. Its dry again!
Keeping my nutrition in check yesterday made me happy
Ate delicious food my mother-in-law made.
We had ham for dinner
I had a celebration having drink with my daughters boyfriend as it was  his birthday.
I finally got a good night of sleep, this wouldn't be a big deal normally but I haven't slept well for a week
When I got out of the shower this morning my cat was laying down in my bathroom sink looking adorable.
I put my children to bed and read them stories.
I usually never eat breakfast because the mornings are insane at my house: with everyone trying to get ready for school and work.... but my husband woke up early and made us eggs and bacon... it was such a nice smell to wake up to.
My wife came home with one of my favorite desserts; Boston Cream Pie. 
Another event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was when a gift arrived for me in the mail that my girlfriend got me. 
It was my birthday.I went to the temple with my family members.This incident made me feel happy
Had a delicious foreign pastry.
I played a game and beat a difficult level I had been working on for a while.
I had a visit with a friend that lasted 2 hours, we got caught up on all the latest news in each others' lives.
I napped on my couch.
I made a plan to meet with my Grandma today at lunch.
I went to visit my grandkids including a newborn baby girl,
We ordered chinese food.
I got the package I have been waiting for for a few weeks in the mail (FINALLY!).
Seeing pictures of said friend's family and seeing the places he's been.
I had great sex.
Relaxing and watching a good movie.
I brought a delicious fish sandwich for lunch today. 
I ate my favorite food that is pizza
I lost 3 pounds this week.
There was a big crowd at the opening night of a film festival I volunteered for.
I did some dungeons with a friend in Final Fantasy! That was pretty fun.
Traffic was very light on the drive this morning.

My happiest moment probably had to be when I got into my high school!  It is an arts magnet school, so I had to audition to get in.  It was super nerve-wracking but I did it and it is my home away from home now.
I received a better controller for my new video game system.
I saw Beauty and the Beast in theaters.
Leaving work last night made me happy to be able to go home.
I took a 45 minute walk.
Went for a walk in beautiful weather.
I was happy to fix our clothes washer that was leaking.
I watched an interesting documentary with my fiancee.
I played a new video game.
I ran into an old friend at a bar unexpectedly and caught up with him for about half an hour. 
The sun was shining when I woke up this morning.
My cat purred again.
I applied to a new job.
The F1 Grand Prix of China is finally here, I have been very excited for it 
It appeared I lost weight when I got dress this morning because I looked amazing in an outfit that was very unflattering about a month ago. 
I made green chile stew and it turned out perfectly because the pork was moist and the chile was spicy.
My boss really liked the gift I made her for her baby shower. It was my first ever baby shower and I had no idea what to do. 
I had lunch with a friend.
I met a friend downtown and had a coffee together.
I shoveled the driveway before work and got some extra exercise.
My daughter dancing with me.
I scheduled plans to eat with an old roommate this weekend.
My vision is improving from lasik surgery.
I detailed my car without taking it to a shop
There was no traffic on my drive. 
My husband made me a surprise breakfast.
I found a couple of items that I can list on eBay and make a decent profit on it. 
I found out that I could work from home today, which made me happy because it would allow me to be comfortable while working.
I went to a store with two of my boys; the store has swords and medieval stuff; the service is terrible, but my boys and I had a fun time, and we stopped at Dairy Queen afterward!
Yesterday was my birthday. My coworkers decorated my office and they brought in cake and donuts for me. I felt loved and appreciated!
I got a package that I was expecting in the mail yesterday.
I was happy when I was working. 
I hung out with some friends 
My boss bought some people pizza at work yesterday which was great
I got a coffee drink this morning that I wanted.
I shared a bagel with eggs in it.
I purchased a new comforter for my bed.
My new sister in law made us dumplings for lunch!
I was happy about helping my son get ready for his first middle school dance.
Today I bought a new dog
After walking into work this morning I talked to my boss and found out this would be an easy Friday.
I went on a walk with my dogs that I haven't seen for a few months.
I had a long busy day at work, and on the way back home I noticed something different when driving up to the driveway of my house. I noticed my lawn was clean, and the whole house was spotless. My husband decided to give me a break so he cleaned up the whole house and did our lawn. 
I went to bed early last night and actually managed to sleep for more than 2 hours. this has been rare
I ordered 5 records a couple of days ago through my favorite website that I usually order records from, when I purchase them online. I made an offer on all five records and he accepted all of the offers, so I got them at a great discount. I received them the day before yesterday actually but I really opened the package last night, and i'm still pretty thrilled about that.
I learned that my sister would be visiting me in a month.
Played a little bit of Runescape before the kids woke up this morning.
I went to the doctor and got some medicine for an ear infection. This made me happy because I know I'm at the end of suffering from the infection!
I hung out with my crush and he told me that he likes me.
I got a better workout in than usual after work due to having more time.
I felt very happy yesterday when I was talking to an old friend.
I got to spend the day with my husband who did not have to work.
I made Mango Chicken curry for my wife and it turned out delicious.
I received a good grade on an assignment.
I snuggled with my significant other.
I had a very nice lager beer after having sex with my girlfriend.
I was moved off standby onto a flight.
My boyfriend offered to take me to my favorite restaurant as a romantic gesture. It is a fondue restaurant. The food was delicious and my boyfriend was very attentive and sweet during.
We packed our things for a road trip tomorrow. 
In the past 24 hrs I went for my friends party n we all friends had a blast . I met many new friends n we all dance together .
Finished painting the outside of our new house
Starting up a new video game I bought for myself
My boyfriend was extremely loving last night
I finally saw the musical Hamilton in San Francisco after being obsessed with the songs for over a year.
I had a soda for the first time in a week.
Treating my little brother and his friend with some ice cream. The glimmer in their eyes and happiness was priceless. 
I loved on my dog.
I spent some time planning an upcoming Disney World vacation. 
I talked to my mom and made some plans to celebrate my dad's birthday
I was able to cook dinner even after working extra hours and made my family happy, which made me happy in turn.
i was happy last night when someone gave me a large tip at my job. 
Saw a widebody aircraft for the first time in the airport.
My ex left the house for the weekend! I got the house to myself and because he's so picky about what's on tv, I don't have to listen to him complain about what's on it.
Sitting down to work on my novel and actually progressing to where I wanted to go in my head with the story, made me absolutely happy. 
I had lasagna for dinner.
I was happy when I woke up this morning because my kids were at my house.
I had a good day at work.
I was able to try the rare beer that I found at the store the other day.
I looked out the window at the green lilac leaves and the magnificent storm clouds which filter the light so beautifully.
I picked up my children from their visit with their dad. I missed them and was really happy to have them home again.
Preparing for my cruise next week
My morning coffee helped swing my terrible mood completely around.
I had dinner with some of my extended family last night.
Talking to my sister on the phone. 
I reconciled with a good friend of mine after a small argument.
seeing my parents
Met our relatives and Co brothers long back
I had chinese food for dinner from my favorite restaurant.
I was happy when I solved a complex puzzle.
I told my mom about my selection and she hugged me like a hell before telling me, "I am proud of you my son".
My order of Magic cards came in the mail.
I worked really hard on a project with my co-worker. Even though the job was hers to do, I was caught up with all of my work and offered to help her since she was so behind. My boss took notice and in return he gave me a bonus in paycheck this week.
Today my happy moment was definitely when a friend told me he would bring a crew over to my house next weekend to help clean up all the mess in garage.
I found out that we didn't have to pay a deductible for a minor accident that my wife was at fault in.
My parents came to my house to visit and that made me happy to see them healthy and walking. 
I got all my reservations taken care of for a family wedding this summer.  I am happy that the planning part of the wedding is over with now.
I washed my clothes and then opened the curtains and the sun was shining outside, so I knew I could hang them outside to dry.
Daughter was getting school pictures made yesterday so that made me happy.
I chose the airbnb's that I will stay at during my trip to Japan.
Arriving from my destination via plane ride made me quite happy, it was a trip I have been looking forward to for some time. 
my dog woke up this morning, got out of his bed and then came and jumped in bed with me to snuggle. this always warms my heart and makes me feel so loved and happy.
My happy moment in past 24 hours is my baby told me that mumma I love you.
On our morning walk, my dog was scared of the chickens that we passed by and behaved goofily.
I learned that our President ordered an attack on a Syrian airfield where the Siran gas was launched on the Syrian civilian population.
I watched a movie with my girlfriend and got to spend some quality time with her
My husband brought dinner home as a suprise.
My mom told me she would be okay with me moving out.
This morning my kitten was running around and playing. I started to play with her and she did this crazy jump in the air. It made me laugh and made me happy to see that she was happy/having fun while playing.
I went on a romantic candle-light dinner with my girlfriend and we spent quality time together.
I went out to the bar with some friends, and had great conversations about our week. 
I was gifted a free copy of a book I had read last year and really liked.
A new expansion for a video game I play came out.
My 6 year old son brought home his artwork from school and it was a great picture of our family.  He worked really hard on it and we were very proud of him.
Well I am an independent young male and today I made soup from scratch for the first time, I know it is not a complicated meal but I felt quite good after I made it and tried it.
I went for a drive by myself
I felt super happy last night when I got into bed. I had forgotten that I changed the sheets in the morning. I was so tired and the bed feel so great. It made me very happy.
I received my shipment from a beer trade and can't wait to crack them open tonight! 
My Executive Chef worked with me personally to prepare me for an exam next week. 
My Dad decided that he would make a lower offer on the house he's been looking at. It was good to see him feel confident about his decision.
I drove home last night and when i made it home My girlfriend had an amazing dinner prepared for me as well as baked brownies which I love.
I ate a chocolate bar as a snack.
I played fetch with my dog.
Yesterday I was told I would be able to work from home today (Friday).  I love working from home on Friday because it's almost like a three day weekend for me, most people in my office don't have much work on Friday.
I was able to have a friend help me purchase something big that I couldn't get into my own car.
Yesterday I was contacted about a job and the person was praising me for my resume.
I had some chicken chow mein for lunch.
My old team lost their first game.
Going over investments with my son
I played and had fun at trivia last night at a fun brewery in my neighborhood with my girlfriend. 
My cat clawed at the covers to get me to let her under so she could cuddle with me.
I finished pricing up some extras for work I had been working on for a long time.
Discovering that one of my favorite shows, Fawlty Towers, was recently added back to Netflix.
A girl I really like texted me and asked me for some gym advice
My boyfriend, who just completed college a year ago, finally got a job and said that I have been his inspiration for keeping positive and staying focused.
I was able to get a lot of work done on my garden because it was a nice day.
My partner spoke to me in a very soothing and understanding tone of voice to calm me down when he sensed I was irate. 
I was able to get to sleep at a decent hour.
I was happy to see my girlfriend when she got home from work yesterday
We took my son over to his best friends new house and I was happy for my friend (his mom) finally getting a house (with a backyard!) of her own.
Our tax return has posted to our bank account so it's nice to see the savings account go up.
I watched my first Major League Baseball game of the year, and it made me feel like Spring and Summer were here.
I was happy that I got a package in the mail today.
Ate a BLT for dinner. 
my friends and relatives are come to my home for party celebration so i enjoyed
I watched TV.
Once I got home, I had a great dinner and spent most of the evening talking to a young lady that may lead to something.
I received a rebate check in the mail for a class action lawsuit I applied for several months ago.  Completely forgot about it, but now I have an extra 40 dollars out of the blue.
Today my son helped me get home from work.
I'm making decent money turking to pay off a credit card bill.
I ate some delicious coffee cake.
When i realized i am getting checked out a lot more than i thought i was 
Someone punched me inthe face.
I made some money
I played Zelda: Breath of the Wild
I felt happy after finishing a long day of work.
my son birthday
I made some soup for lunch today from scratch, it was really good.
it is going to be 70 degrees on sunday
I went for a walk in the park.
going to the gym.
I cooked an amazing meal for my friends and family this evening and everyone loved it and complimented me.
I drank a few really good beers.
I saw the cutest dog on the way home from work.
I learned important things by doing research.
I got an email that I had money being deposited in the bank!
My husband and I were able to go to out to lunch together today.
A tweet that I made on Twitter received several 'likes.'
I received a gift card from a survey panel that I belong to. 
Took a hot shower
I've been thinking about the weekend and taking my wife out of town.  This may be in the future, but the thinking about in NOW, is making me happy.
I just ate so much food for me that's terrible. I enjoyed every moment of it.
I realized while watching a Hugh Laurie musical video that the old Sailor Moon theme song was indeed a tango!
I was entertained watching my cat interact with a bird that had landed in our backyard.
Family member arrived from New York. A cousin who I haven't seen in years arrived today which was very nice. Great to see him again and can't wait to do things with him while he's visiting.
It means when we get the desired one in our lif, that is 
the most happiest momen. the happiest movent is change to 
person to person and time to tie, as far as regarding my 
moment is concened when got admission in BA.

morning meditation 
I just watched the weather on the news and found out that although it's rainy and snowy right now, it's supposed to get up to 70 on Sunday and I have the entire weekend off!
I cooked a nice dinner tonight that was something new and my brother liked it.
My husband surprised me and made me coffee before he left for work this morning. It was an unexpected and thoughtful gesture that started my day with happiness.
I did a 30 minute yoga flow this morning before work.
I was last happy when I watched one of my favorite shows after my kids went to bed. It was thrilling and kept me in suspense. 
Won the contest at my job today. 
My wife and I left today, to go down and see one of our daughters where she lives.
watching youtube
Completing a book after months of reading it. Now I can finally move onto my new books!
I got the new mobile phone as a gift from my wife.
I had a long soak in the bath.
I had a very good dinner at a local restaurant after work. 
My friend's headache went away.
My favorite baseball player hit a homerun. 
Attended my 1st advisory committee meeting. 
Playing badminton with the kids in the neighbourhood.
I played fetch with my dog.
I achieved a fitness goal that I have been working towards for a long time!
The cologne I ordered from Amazon came, and I really enjoy the scent.
Going to the lake and fishing with my friends and drinking some beers enjoying the beautiful weather.
I had a nice conversation with a helpful store employee.
I was happy talking to my neighbor about our lawns a few hours ago.
I went to the gym.
I was able to reflate one of my tires that I was afraid was going flat - saving me a bunch of money as I didn't have to buy new tires.
I decided to walk instead of take the bus so I could get some exercise.
I went swimming after working out at the gym.
I read Harry Potter to my girls and we love the book.
Feeling our baby move in my tummy made me happy today.
I had a great dinner today the family was in a good mood we enjoyed it.
I talk a small walk around my neighborhood and ran into a very friendly cat. 
I figured out an issue with my printer that has been baffling me for a while.
Later in the evening I offered to help my grandmother pick some chick peas from her garden so that she should soak them for some soup tomorrow.
I finished my Easter shopping.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

I went out to lunch with friends, and had enough delicious leftovers for lunch tomorrow. 
I had a call from my father who lives in Canada and we had a nice chat.
Made a good dinner.
today i've go back to home early
My brother was struggling to run the family having lost his job. Yesterday I received a call from my brother who is far my city saying that he has got placed at a good company which made me feel very happy.
My happiest moment in my life s......for my 20th birthday my dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i cant forget date day in my life,date was my first surprise given by my dad..
I took a long nap today, and had a dream full of interesting symbolisms.
The office I work in received a free meal.
I made $20 dollars on mturk today.
After everyone finished with the trees, we grilled hamburgers and hot dogs. It's a very supportive, quaint place to live.
I fixed a critical bug on my website.
I have plans to go out with a cute guy I'm seeing.
My daughter smiled at me when she woke up this morning.
I went outside with my friends for celebrating one of my friend purchased a new car.
I was approved for becoming an Amazon Mechanical Turk.
Water sprays to dress
Yesterday i joined tree planting project and i was very happy to see many children's  joined in the event and happy to plant a trees.
i am enjoying all my shows in peace
I got to watch an awesome baseball game last night now that the season is finally underway.
I ate my favorite meal, pizza for dinner.
I got home and was able to see my dog.
The weather was nice.
I lifted my heaviest weights that I have ever lifted before during exercise.
Coming home after a long day to be able to get some sleep.
When I left to work this morning the sky was breathtaking and I took a 360 picture and posted it on facebook to share with my friends
I paid off my large 100 cell phone bill successfully 
I got promotion and I had move to next level , which one expected for a long time, now it is fulfill made me happy.
I enjoyed some funny stand up comedy with my partner.
I ate one of my favorite dishes, Maryland lump crabcakes.
i am very happy is tour travels and shopping mall purchase ext...
I listened to some cool new music
I went for a run after work and it felt really easy and relaxing. 
I was happy when I won a video game today.
I made myself a cup of coffee and it was delicious.
I was happy when I drinked a Red bull. 
I played basketball with my friends
I had a great steak sandwich for lunch with my co-worker and it was delicious
I chat with my abroad friend.
I made plans to travel with my friends to New Orleans in the summer.
I had an amazing apple salad for dinner.
I got free dinner at school.
I had extra time today to play a new video game.
Managed to find time for a group chat with all my siblings and everyone was in a good mood, chatting about recent developments and reminiscing good old days. Felt light and happy.
Painting my nails real nice.
I played with my dog for a while.
I woke up and realized that I didn't have to go into work today.
Getting to go to an auction for the first time in a long time.
I haven't had a drink all day today either and don't really want to.
I watched a really good movie on t.v. that I enjoyed very much.
I bought new shampoo and tried it out and I liked it.
Had a bunch of gourmet tacos that were absolutely amazing for lunch.
I made mac and cheese for dinner, and added some hot sauce to make it even more delicious.
Spending fun time with family after work and enjoying the rainy weather made me happy.
I washed the car.
A friend of mine told me about a great concert she went to.
The morning glory seeds I planted are starting to pop up early this year which makes me feel real good. 
I took a nap.
I took a hot shower. 
Got 2 hours early leave from work
I completed another level of Spanish on Duolingo. 
I said hello and had a short chat with a neighbor.
Getting my work done for the day made me happy
I finished work early today and arrived home at 2:00pm.
I polished my nails with a new pink color I just bought. My nails look great!
I talked on the phone with my best friend for an hour. 
I bought a present for a bridal shower.
The weather was rainy and stormy this afternoon which made for optimal sleeping weather and I had a lovely dream.
I joined in sports club a year back and practicing  tennis class and it is  recognized by the  club officials and appreciated my dedications and follow up and makes me too happy.
Even though it was followed by almost immediate sadness, I felt happy when I heard that President Trump was going to retaliate on the president of Syria for his recent violently inhumane act.
My boyfriend and I are going to be able to afford to get Internet in our apartment. 
I helped my brother buy new shoes. He keeps exercising allot and needed new shoes but did not have enough money, so I went ahead and purchased him a new pair of runner shoes.
I found out that the problem with my car was minor and that it will not cost much to fix.
My cat was extra cuddly last night.
I got a grade back online on a quiz I had thought I failed. However I received an A.
I watched  a movie that made me laugh and cry at the same time.  This made me happy to enjoy a movie!
The day with my daughter
I was able to make a visit to a favorite restaurant.
I donated a small portion if my funds to charity.
I found out that the pain and discomfort that I have been having in my buttocks is just a hemorrhoid and not something more serious (like a fissure, fistula or abscess). 
I've been hating the book I'm reading lately but it just started to get good so I'm hoping that means I'll be able to get through it more quickly.
I found a dime on the bathroom floor. Free money!
I helped my daughter learn her "4's" multiplication table.
After craving ice cream for a few days, I bought a container of Neapolitan from the supermarket. It tasted great!
I got some rough quotes back on my wedding rehearsal dinner and it was cheaper than expected.
Finding my old phone charger that I thought I lost so I now have 2 chargers to use instead of constantly moving the 1 around the apartment.
I tried new coconut flavor coffee.
I played with my cat.
I found out that I still have a lot of money in a credit card from Best Buy, and I will use that to buy a new television.
I was working today and managed to bring productivity up for a better monthly income.
I talked to my aunt
I treated myself to a latte and chocolate chip muffin on my way to work this morning, which was something I ad been craving for some time.
Offered advice to people on a discussion on terms used in popular culture.
I was able to get jobs done at work that I have been backed up on and am close to being caught up.
I installed a new app on my ipad and it makes language translation much easier.
While they are not amazing I got to see some video clips of the French Cruiser line being added to World of Warships. 
I found a home remedy that relieved my itchy feet.
I got to leave work an hour early today because I had all of my work done early.
I was really happy when I found money on the ground.
Started watching an interesting new documentary series on Netflix.
My best friend told me some really good news
My son gave me a hug because I let him invite a friend over than do his homework. 
My sister came over to visit with her fiance this evening.  They played with my daughter and made her laugh a lot.  We enjoyed each other's company.
I bought a LED tv from the company panasonic.This is my first salary that I bought this TV.
I went to a Chipotle and shared a meal with my girlfriend to kill time. It ended up being a good meal because it was hot and fresh (sometimes the food we get there is cool and it isn't as satisfying.) Also, it is fun to eat with her.
I smiled when my friend liked my shirt with cats and rainbows on it.
A student I work with has improved his job skills so much that he can now do most of his work independently and faster than when we started.
My wife brought new bike for her.
I was happy this evening because my kids and I watched Rogue One on the couch.  
I got to spend a lot of time with my family that I needed which cheered me up.
The George Foreman grill I ordered online came in, and it made some excellent burgers.
I was able to get a lot of work done today.  That means that I can take it easy tomorrow!
I figured out an item at work and did not have to go to my boss for help.
I received word from my grandson that he was safe after numerous tornados passed through the area where he lives in Georgia.
The supermarket had fish on sale, which is good because I cannot eat meat on Fridays during Lent and was looking for meat-free ingredients.
I had a chance to eat a very fancy yogurt that I can't buy very often but it's so smooth, it's a pure pleasure to eat it.
Having a good evening and dinner with my wife has made tonight rather enjoyable.
Another event would be being able to spend time in my bed after I woke up without having to worry about anything.
I had my favorite dinner food last night which was very tasty but bit costlier.
I made a new friend yesterday, during my son's swimming class, so I am happy to have one more buckle in my cap.
My wife gave me a present she had ordered from Europe that I am currently wearing.
I fully completed a workout routine that I had been struggling to fully complete in the past.
What made me happy in the past 24 hours is telling a person there hair looks nice earlier today. 
ENJOY WITH FRIENDS
I had a great dinner.  The food was delicious!
Ordered Mexican food from my favorite restaurant.
I made a big pot of mac & cheese, and put it in the fridge for my nephew.
I WENT TO MOVIE
Finally, I went back on the road headed back my own house. When I got home my best friend whom I had not  seen for a few months had come to stay at my house while e in town  for a few days on business. What can I say. A triply marvelous 24 hours adventure.   
I WENT TO HOSPITAL
I bought a scratcher ticket and won 5 bucks. then I bought a 5 dollar ticket and won a free one. And then I scratched that and lost it all. 
I was happy to hear that my students enjoyed having me as their teacher and that they'll miss me.
i went to shopping
I went to Park.
My girlfriend brought home dinner without me asking
I got to eat jack in the box.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
My daughter told me she loved me.
I WENT TO BROWSING CENTER
When I found my artist statement drafts after searching for them, so now I don't have to write them over from scratch.
I made a sale on Etsy.
we have a event in our apartments yesterday .we have participated in lot of games and had fun with neighbors in the apartments.kids enjoyed playing with their friends.we discussed about problems and solutions for them.them we have participated in small competitions and everybody was very happy.
I was happy that we had a competent person to lead the country during a tragedy in Syria.
I WENT MOVIE
I had a very satisfying Lunch at Denny's in the afternoon..
I WENT TO  YOGA
I took my friend to a movie.
The weather was absolutely beautiful today. 
I got a package in the mail that I ordered a few weeks ago and had been wondering where it was.
My husband and I purchased a drone to take on our hiking trips.
When I got 35 miles per gallon on my last car trip.
This evening I played guitar on the front porch and watched the sun set. 
I completed a chemistry assignment.
Giving some money to charity is unlikely to make you less happy, and may well ... important, like making rent, which will make a big difference to your happiness. ... In the past, with only inconsistent polls available in a small number of ..... a small sum of money, which you are asked to spend within 24 hours.
My brother planned to go to Dubai tour, when he showed me a getting visa. I really enjoy but i will miss him a lot
When my new home ready to use and living it
Getting a compliment from my husband about how he thought my hairstyle and outfit were cute, which gave me confidence as I headed out for the day.
I got to go fishing after work.
I cleaned out the storage area in my house to make it more organized.
I made lunch for my coworkers for gratitude as my 1st year anniversary at work.
Went out and bought a nice big cage for my new iguana and he loves it.
I have a rubber duck and my dog, Batman has taken a fancy to the duck. So I tease him by keeping the duck just out of reach. The look on his face as he stares at the duck is priceless.
Had lunch outside in a really nice park.
Paint for my bike arrived quicker than expected 
I got free breakfast at work today and it was delicious,
I watched an episode of my favorite show that was intense and left me wanting more.
I found a cool website to review movie trailers on, and it made me happy because I like movies and I like to see what's coming out soon.
I finally decided on which color bike should i buy for us.
I loved seeing the joy on my daughter's face when I picked her up from daycare today.
It made me happy spending time with my sister and shopping.
I received a phone call tonight from a high school friend who I haven't spoken to since 2010.
An old friend contacted me that I haven't talked to in over 4 years. 
My plan in an online roleplaying game worked pretty well for once. 
Got a new laptop and played with it.
At work before I went home, I had a nice conversation with a coworker
went to the gym for the first time in a very long time 
Getting everything done I needed before the weekend starts.
Taking my dog to the park for a walk and playing Frisbee. 
Today is my last day of work for the week and i got the following two days off.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I spent a few hours with my boyfriend.
I got to sleep in this morning and it made me feel rested and happy.
I saved $30 by deciding to not go to an expensive lunch at a new restaurant
when a tense purchase got easy.
An event that made me happy involved eating and worshipping at church with the congregation and being in God's presence.
My cat was surprisingly excited to see me when I returned home from work. I spent a lot of time petting him and playing with him, and it felt good to catch up with him.
I practiced performing a basic management task on the computer and did it correctly. My co-worker failed to complete the same task when she tried.
my professor was pleased with the work i'd accomplished.
When I went to make coffee this morning, my husband already had everything set up. All I had to do was turn the coffee machine on. 
Today, I found a recipe for caramel dumplings and it made me think of my mother's wonderful home cooked meals.
I got to schedule some upcoming things without any trouble.
I finally got around to asking my old PI for a letter of recommendation--it felt good to get it taken care of because I had been putting it off for so long.
Worked with a good team of people today which made the day go by much faster and and the whole mood was lighter, had a few good laughs
My sister has got delivered a male child made me very happy.
Had to to catch up on my favorite podcasts.
You keep putting these hits up which makes me think about what good things happened today.
Walking my dogs individually around my lovely neighborhood. I get a great sense of clarity and peach when walking with each dog. I also feel empowered as their pack leader and it shows when we walk together. 
Something that made me happy tonight was walking my dog around my neighborhood. 
I talked to an old friend on the phone for an hour.
I prepared good food my children. 
I read that Steve Bannon was removed from the National Security Council and it delighted me.
My friend offered to let me borrow his copy of "The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild" once he was done with it so that I could play through it.
I relaxed with a beer.
Last night my son spoke his first words
I finally got my DNA results back from 23andMe.com. 
I lost a pound!
My cat wanted to snuggle with my when I woke up this morning.
I listened to music
I realize my new medicine is dulling my appetite quite a bit which is great because I need to lose weight.
I had a good, healthy meal
I played guitar for an hour.
i sit my old class to day
A friend came to visit and we got drinks together.
I walked my dog and it made him happy. 
I no longer have the flu.
When my package arrived in the mail after waiting for months.
That first bite of the pancake this evening.
I spent time with my kids at the park. 
I had a friend invite me to hang out with them tomorrow night.
My cat jumped on me and went to sleep while I was watching TV. It was relaxing.
I listened to music.
I saw "All in the Family" for the first time in a long time and I laughed so hard I spit up milk.

After checking Craig's List and the local want ads for a couple weeks, there are kittens available to adopt!
Yesterday i went to my community meting and all were talking about many things i talked about the climatic change and about the global warming that we should plant more trees and we can start a movement for planting trees and everybody liked my idea of planting trees and they praised me and i was very happy.
A customer at work told me that I was a great help to them.
A close friend complimented and praised me for helping them with a personal problem.
I walked to the park and read for about an hour.
Found out that my aunt was coming into town for the weekend.
I started a new savings scheme.
After a long time i feel very happy with my granddaughter. They made me laugh and i forget all things. We are go for long tour and they all very enjoy .
I'm on track to work out for 7 days in a row, which I set as a goal for myself at the beginning of the week. 
I was able to stack manufacturer coupons, store sales and store coupons with a gift card to get almost a months worth of diapers for free!
I received my item I ordered from Amazon this morning.
I went on a run and enjoyed the scenery.
talking with friends
In the last twenty four hours I was made happy when my son said a few new sentences to me. 
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me aI donat know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this mucha
I had been waiting all day for a bank deposit that I wasn't sure would be deposited in time, but it had been deposited just in time so I was able to take my girlfriend out for dinner. 
Yesterday I got Rs3000 as incentive.
My yogurt tasted good.
I listened to a funny podcast. 
My neighbor fixed my car as a gift to me. 
I was finally accepted by Amazon Payments and can now do HITs, such as these.
My fiancee predicted the political narrative today and she sounded really happy to tell me about it.
MY DAUGHTER PARTICIPATE IN DANCE IN HER SCHOOL FUNCTION.
Watched my son excel at his 4th grade recorder concert tonight.
meet my college friend 
Cooking a good, healthy, dinner. 
When i posted my selfie with my favorite player of football on social media then my post forward more then thousand people and they congratulate me its very happiest moment for me.
watched IPL cricket match on tv with my classmates. liked my favorite players shots with cheers.
Being awake beside my spouse when he asleep make s me feel happy, Unexpected presents or gifts makes me feel happy,Listening to old songs and being able to remember all the lyrics make me feel happy. 
I didn't crash on the drive home
I talked on the phone with a good friend of mine for about thirty minutes.
any time work 
I played with my one year old daughter after work.
I played tennis with my youngest child.
My roommate came home to hang out, rather than going to her boyfriend's place like usual. 
I got a huge score of canned goods (still good) from dumpster diving.
I realized tomorrow is Friday.
I was shopping earlier and found a collectible I was looking for.
He did the dishes after dinner 
I spent quality time with my daughter in fixing a bike. 
I played Pathfinder (A role playing game similar to Dungeons and Dragons) with a bunch of my internet friends.
I met a very nice woman and we had dinner.
I won a video game I was playing against my brothers, who were visiting for the afternoon.
my little girl got invited to an easter egg hunt on sunday.
The vigorously wagging tail of a street dog that occasionally follows me when I go for jogging in the evening, munching on the biscuits that I offered yesterday, brought in moments of happiness.    
I met my girlfriend and we had nice time together.
I took food deliveries at my work and made nice tips.
I slept for 8 hours without any disturbance.
Attended a party with my friends
I finished a challenging work assignment.
i got approval of car loan which i applied last week, gave me good feeling
yesterday my father heart  operation successfully completed we say thanks to god am happy that moment.
My team won the match 
Got a bungalow and a car from my company on promotion, i am so happy.
Celebrating todays world health day with children's nd old people of nearby village
Ate a very tasty chicken bowl with rice, beans, cheese, cream, lettuce, and salsa from Chipotle.
I did really well with work today so the rest and friends and such was more worthwhile. 
I was looking at old pictures of my family in the younger years.
The world seems to want us to be sad and angry because bad things frequently happen. But I say we should feel the opposite. We should be happy and cheerful because good things happen. We should be delighted to see the sun rise and stars glow and rainbows color stormy skies. We should savor every simple breath and eat each meal with gratitude. We should slumber in sweet dreams and relish moments of laughter and love. We should take more notice of the joys and kindnesses that do exist, still dictating the actions of millions of good people all over the world. Life is filled with pleasant moments, not just grief. We should be happy because this is true.
My mom and dad are celebrating their 42nd wedding anniversary today
I traveled in an auto. I lost my bag. The auto driver returned to me. I had more money in the auto. I was very happy and i reward to him.
Had some lobster bisque with my brother, met all of his puppies!
I finished a book in bed this morning. 
A deep pray with the only God Allah. Give me happy face and inner peace.
In the past 24 hours a family member ordered me some free food 
My parents helped watch my kids.
I ran into my best friends at the grocery shop today. We had a nice chat and shared some cooking tips.
A friend brought beer over after work
I was given an offer for an online job that I can do at home and be with my kids.
My sister has brought a lot of gifts for me from london. She gifted me delicious chocolate box, a laptop, and a DSLR camera. I am so happy. Love you sis. 
My cat came and greeted me this evening then decided to sleep on my lap.
Barbecued dinner outside on the patio as its one of the first warm nights.!
my mom cooked my favourite dish and surprised me 
i saw some family i havent seen in some time.
My daughter made chocolate chip cookies for dessert all by herself (she's 13) and they tasted good.
Basically in INDIA, we do have differentiation between caste, religion, rich, poor etc., I really get disappointed when I see such variations. I always believe God is one and we have a great science explanations about the power. When I help some one is in need of something. I try to help as much as I can from my pocket. The more I help I feel satisfaction from my heart. This is one of the happiest moment I have come across with a poor guy asking for my help. I took him to the hospital.
I started gardening for the season. 
Achieved a new fitness goal of mine.
My neighbors gave me cookies they baked.
I was finally able to get my XBOXone to work correctly with my Comcast box.
My dog licked my face.
I am happy that my son is following my instructions when it's time to go home from the park.
I was happy when i finished cleaning my room.
I saw a beautiful dream featuring my crush
I won a game of Ticket to Ride.
Me and my family had dinner out at a restaurant and we enjoyed the food out there.
HEARING SONGS AND SINGING
I got my nails done at a salon.
I got some nagging work tasks off my to-do list.
Watching Married With Children Marathon. Very funny.
I talked to my partner.
I bought a new video game
I spent some time with my sister who I rarely see
I had a productive afternoon.
I was able to get more than 5 hrs of sleep last night.
Talking to my boyfriend over lunch
I got a lot done today and began working on a woodworking project I've been putting off
I managed to eat the last cookie that was left. 
When I walked to work this morning, the air was crisp and cool.
good moment last night with my wife
I got a free cookie from my friend.
Woke up to know that its friday today.
had a dinner with a VIP in the state with my family members
On the way to the grocery store I saw two red-tailed hawks circling in the wind.
I got one offer in Amazon like cashback offer, that feels more happy.
i was walking to the store to get cat food and cat litter...   i found 20 dollars in parking lot...that does not happen everyday..  i bought my stuff and the person behind me...   made her day
Watching my son and husband play chase.
I was able to help someone complete their resume.
I was able to stay on the elliptical machine 5 minutes longer and beat my old record at the gym.
 YESTERDAY WE WENT FOR A MOVIE, THE FULL MOVIE WAS SUPER AND EVERY SHOT WAS BEAUTIFUL  DAY .IT WAS REMEMBERED ON THE WHOLE DAY 
I got one recharge offer from my mobile company and that moment feels happy.
I picked up a jacket that i had embroidered and it came out very nice.
My husbands employer recognized his hard work, and is now considering him for a promotion!
I bought a new eyeliner, after trying it, I liked it a lot.
I WENT FOR HOSPITAL YESTERDAY. THERE I WROTE DONATION OF MY ORGANS AFTER MY DEATH. THAT WAS A HAPPY MOMENT FOR ME.
Nowadays, happiness is a fuzzy concept and can mean many different things to many people. Part of the challenge of a science of happiness is to identify different concepts of happiness, and where applicable, split them into their components. Related concepts are well-being, quality of life and flourishing. At least one author defines happiness as contentment.[6] Some commentators focus on the difference between the hedonistic tradition of seeking pleasant and avoiding unpleasant experiences, and the eudaimonic tradition of living life in a full and deeply satisfying way
Learning about an upcoming sale that I've been waiting for for a long time
I had one of the most comfortable nights of sleep in weeks.
yesterday morning i took a breakfast was prepared by my mom very nice and tasty
i went to a kanakadurga temple there i enjoyed very lot with my family.
Went to a museum with my family it was a happy moment
me and our lovable friends trip to goa jolly.that movement was i feel happily
My wife made her famous homemade Indian Tacos for dinner.
My partner is on vacation starting today and now get to spend lots of time together.
Creating a special, games based birthday cake for my daughter.
I ate free, high-quality sushi at a banquet.
i went  to office early to day
i talked to my mom
I deposited money in my local bank and the bank made an error in my favor.
My girlfriend presented me with a very alluring idea for a vacation that we are now considering taking.
Tonight . I was MVP of the match and leader score .I had a party with my teammates at club havana
My sister in law will come tomorrow to our house, she informed to my wife. So we both are eagerly waiting for her visit. Since we married this is  going to be first visit her to our house. so we both were happy. we have started cleaning the room and we planned to prepare any non veg recipes along with one sweet.
I got approved for my health insurance.
I transferred my earning from mturk to my bank.
I played with my cats.
Most importantly, when my girl dog made me laugh when she tried to manipulate me into giving her what she wanted which was another walk within 10 seconds after we got back from her walk.
Actually yesterday evening i watched by most favourite wrestler in a wrestling show in TV for some time, which made me feel very happy.
The Raccoon came in tonight and made such a racket eating the cat food, snorting and smacking and crunching that I just sat here and laughed at him.
I have acquired some rare items while playing my favorite online game.
i went to meet my grandfather to day
I suppose just a small event would be receiving a text from my significant other, he's pretty thoughtful and sends me links to articles about shows and movies I like, it's a thoughtful gesture that makes me smile.
She asked me if she could trust me with her heart.
The barista at Starbucks didn't spell my name right which led to a funny but short conversation.
Got an email from my old boss saying she missed me.
My Team leader took leave so i felt little happy
I had a good day at work
i went to meet my old lover to day
My boss told me that my perfume smell so good.
I told a joke that everyone in the room laughed at
Going out and getting and enjoying eating a meaty footlong sandwich. 
Presented today in front of the class and was not nervous!
Finished cleaning a part of my house.
I made a large cup of black tea this morning and it tasted pretty good without the bitter taste i get sometimes.
I took a nice nap.
My mom presented a gold bracelet.  I am so surprised and happy. 
Yesterday was my niche 1st birthday.
PLAYING FOOT BALL WITH FAMILY IN GARDEN.
I ate some really delicious fish at a lovely dinner party.
Talking with my brother.
I was happy because my grandma who was not well for the past days came back to normal yesterday
Tomorrow is Friday.
I saw my girlfriend today that always makes me happy.
I went out with my pup Bandit for our daily walk and snack and we had so much fun running around the park.
WENT FOR NIGHT RIDE IN TWO WHEELER
Yesterday One old man sitting on a road and started begging,he didn't have legs and he is handicapped,no one was giving money to him at that time i have gave money and food to him, i felt very happy.
I began raking in the dollars on mturk again for our vacation to Florida next month! I've missed this site.
Went to the park with my nephews.
In evening i'm with my friends to have some drinks with dinner. We met after a long time and having very good discussion on the work we are doing in our present life. The experience shared by everyone gives inspiration & positive ideas to gain some new things and ideas which will help in ours personal & financial things.
I bought a new table.
Being able to drink coffee, energy drink and fast food again.
I received a compliment e-mail by my boss for respecting the deadline of an important task
It was a very beautiful sunny day
During my kineseology class, I knew the correct answer as to why Mexico celebrates Cinco de Mayo when no one else did.
I made a new squat personal record.
Both of my sons were very well behaved when we went to the grocery store.
I went for a really nice walk around the neighborhood because the weather was lovely.
I got started on a project I had been putting off for a while.
I got a burger and a beer with a good friend of mine.
Formula 1 practice was tonight so I enjoyed watch that, despite it being stopped for a while because of the weather.
I helped take my neighbors trash out for them.
I heard from a family member that I hadnt heard from in awhile
I was able to help a co worker debug one of their problems.
After a year of saving we finally got a new shower head.  It's not a big deal to anyone else but me and my wife.  We've been saving for this shower head for a year!
I never wanted to kill my mother in law today, not once, which is really special.
I have won a jackpot in local lottery.
This afternoon, my mother deposited a little money into my checking account which made me feel loved and very happy!
My sister bought a android cell phone. When she showed me that phone, I was surprised.
I made a mushroom grilled cheese panini. Oyster mushrooms, with chopped garlic added after they are cooked down, with a mixture of Gruyere and Fontina cheeses. A spread of garlic mayo on each slice of sourdough bread. It was oozy and cheesy and delicious.
A girl on tinder I went on a date with a few weeks ago wants to hang out again.
I was very happy to see my brother this am and have a cup of coffee with him.
I FEEL VERY HAPPY BECAUSE I GOT A NEW COT. MY BROTHER SUPPORT FOR BOUGHT A CAR. IT MOMENT IS  VERY HAPPY 
My girlfriend did my dishes for me.
yesterday i went to shopping with my family members and buying lot of toys for my son....
my sister bought a android cell phone.when she showed me that phone.i was surprised.
my sister bought a android cell phone. when she showed me that phone. i was surprised.
WE PLANNED FOR A TRIP ON THIS SUMMER VOCATION.THAT NEWS MADE ME VERY HAPPY.
My sister bought a android cell phone. when she showed me that phone, i was surprised.
Today I was able to leave work early.
MY SISTER BROUGHT  ANDROID CELL PHONE. WHEN SHE SHOWED ME THAT PHONE, I WAS SURPRISED.
My sister bought a android cell phone. When she showed me that phone. I was surprised
M sister bought a android cell phone.when she showed me that phone, i was surprised.
My sister bought a android cell phone when she showed met that phone, i was surprised.
I had my favorite turkey meat loaf today. I had not had it in a long time. Boy did it taste awesome.
I had a delicious meal with a friend.
Had an awesome free dinner which included alcohol.
Yesterday my dad brought a my new iphone to me and he given that as a surprising gift to me.
MY SISTER BUY A ANDROID  CELL PHONE WHEN SHE SHOWED ME THE PHONE   I WAS SURPRISED.

My sister bought a android cell phone. When she showed me that phone, i was surprised.
My sister bought a andriod cell phone. when she showed me that phone, i was surprised.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying ticket. I was surprised.
My sister bought a android cell phone. When she showed me that phone. I was surprised.
I played poker with my group of friends from work and won some money.
my sister bought a android cell phone when she showed me that phone i was surprised.
I saw the movie 'Men of Honor' for the first time.
YESTERDAY WE PLANNED FOR A TRIP IN THIS SUMMER VOCATION.THAT NEWS MADE ME HAPPY
I made a joke on Twitter, and it was well received by the people reading it.
A colleague complimented my work shirt.
I AM GOING TO MY FRIEND BIRTHDAY PARTY CELEBRATION IN BEACH.ITS VERY NICE TIME THAT EVENT IS MEMORABLE MOMENT.
I saw my parents this morning.
I found out that a friend was getting married.
NEXT MONTH WE ARE GO TO RENT HOUSE
MY SISTER  BOUGHT A ANDROID CELL PHONE  WHEN SHE SHOWED ME THAT PHONE, I WAS SURPRISED.
Going home after a long day at work made me happy.
Baby has been born for my cousin and it made me happy
I was happy when I woke up this morning and it was Friday, and a beautiful sunny day as well.  
My sister bought a android cell phone. When she showed me that phone, I was surprised.
My sister bought a android cell phone. when she showed me that phone, i was surprised.
I cooked a nice dinner for my wife and I.
Taking a warm shower. 
I watched some spiritual programs on my television. I generally feel happy after seeing it.
MY SISTER BOUGHT ANDROID CELL PHONE WHEN SHE SHOWED ME THAT PHONE.  I WAS SURPRISED.
I WENT TO INDUSTRIAL VISIT WITH MY FRIENDS AND PROFESSOR. ITS VERY USEFUL AND ENJOYMENT TRIP.
The view of the mountains first thing in the morning, on the terrace of my house.
yesterday i bought a new apple i phone...
I got a bonus to my salary. I can buy what I want. It's my dream to buy a good tablet.
Today in the morning I made myself a meal for me, cooked and eat, It is really a happy moment that I am eating my own cooked food, nice feeling. 
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
I got the news of my promotion to a higher post.
My work colleague gave me the news that I was promoted to a higher rank.
i made a new dish today , i liked it very much .it has a very good taste , which makes me happy.
I was called an 'expert' when it comes to matters dealing with technology.
my child speaking is happy moment
i spoke with my brother who is in Australia. i love him so much. i miss him. i am happy to chat with him
My sister bought a android cell Phone. When she showed me that Phone,. I was surprised.
We went for Lunch and had a tasty food.
I'm only $200 away from paying the sales tax on my new car
We're happy to see the attention directed elsewhere.

I got to go to sleep and rest a lot. 
I visited some old friends and talked to them about life. 
Last night my wife kiss me on my lips that is the happiest event for me.
My son got his SAT score back yesterday and got in the 98th percentile.
I recently became friends with a really great group of people. Yesterday we ordered pizza, Chinese, and taco bell. Then we sat around talking and eating. Good times.Talking to my sister in law, eating some chocolate custard, and spending some time with my youngest child.I once failed a programming class. In the last 24 hours, I have started and completed basic python. Very big achievement for me
An event that made me happy was making progress in my physical body shape.
A friend failed a qualification test like I did, and she made me happy by making jokes about it and pointing out that I'm not alone.
I paid for an older woman's washing machine at the laundromat because her pre-paid card was out of cash.
My sister bought a andriod cell phone. When she showed me that phone I ws surprised.

My new TV was delivered and I set it up with my sound bar and subwoofer.
Today I have successfully completed 8,500 total HITS for Mturk which is a pretty big mile stone for me.
I received the order purchase for my new mobile phone and I am happy.
I found some options online to sell my current smartphone for money so I'll be able to buy a new one for cheaper. 
I made me happy to have oatmeal with sugar and garlic for breakfast this morning.
I made plans for the weekend with friends I haven't seen in some time.
When I was watching my favourite TV show.
I found out my vacation was approved for  a 2 week long stay.
With this baby coming in the future, we've also started looking for a new house, saw one yesterday that might be the one.
Cycled for 25 kms today morning with friends.
I helped an elderly person find guidance for a legal issue.
When i fought with my love and ultimately realized that it was not at all necessary. When she cried telling that she loves me a lot and cant live without me. I felt very happy.
I received a text message from my father wishing me a good day. 
I had a great italian dinner.
I got some much needed housework done.
I was inside all day during the thunderstorms yesterday so I did not get wet at all.
Saved a lot on online shopping yesterday from coupons that i had won earlier.
go to temple
It's time to celebrate proper spring weather (and just our luck, it'll probably be rainy and gross) and enjoy the fact that summer is soon to be upon us, and with it lots of vacations, time off from school, or alternately extra work because everyone else is having fun... Whatever the case, come enjoy some snacks and drinks with your friendly neighborhood Paragraphers.

I WENT TO INDUSTRIAL VISIT WITH MY FAMILY FRIEND AND RELATIVES. WE WERE CELEBRATED DIFFERENT. 
Went to my favourite hero's movie 
I get paid today and I'm thankful to have a job and a paycheck.
i had donated some clothes to an orphanage.
I got to sit and watch a whole baseball game with my father, uninterrupted, and had a great time. 
It was a warm day and I took a Frozen Coke out of the freezer, it was tasty.
My friends said they really liked my new haircut and that it made me look younger.
I watched a new show on Netflix today that I didn't think I'd like but I ended up loving it.
the last night i prepared a new dish with chicken my husband told me that my dish was awesome taste then i feel happy
The day my sons walked me to the chuppah to again swear my love for their father on our 25th anniversary. 

I stocked up on my favorite cheese at a great price.
I managed to go out whit a girl that I like. 
got something big done at work
The oatmeal that I ate for a breakfast today definitely made me happy, though the feeling was very short lived.
Our cable/internet bill increased almost $120 due to a merger and I was able to negotiate a new deal for a package that will cost us almost $100 less and we still have what we want.
The puppies of my cute little shih tzu are so adorable and they're starting to open their eyes.
When I came home yesterday after taking my test, my children were so happy for me and gave me big hugs and congratulated me.
I did not have a headache when I went to bed and did not need to take headache medicine.
I played a new video game this evening that I had been waiting to play but could not make time for.
I cut up all of my logs into blocks of firewood.  Now I just have to split them all, and I'll be done for the year with firewood.  It's a burden off my back.  I was proud of myself.  
I received a nice email from a family member congratulating me about how well I am doing at work so far.
I got a new magazine in the mail and it has spring flowers on the cover.
I was dreading having to get dinner ready for myself and the kids after work, and my wife ended up surprising us all by getting takeout on her way home from work.
Quench the Thirst- In hot weather it is necessary to maintain water balance in the body. Today, I prepared a lemonade at about 4 Oaclock in the afternoon when it is very hot. And it is very very refreshing.  I could not stop myself by taking just one glass of lemonade.  
Creating a new product after lots of research.
I was happy because I was able to practice restraint from over eating.
I finished up a show that I had on my backlog.
I went out for a drink with my buddy and had a good time.
Another event that made me happy was purchasing a new book.
My mom called to check in on me while I was working, it really made me smile. I love my mom so much! 
My work evaluation was positive and exceeded expectations
I got to see my boyfriend after a few days of not seeing him.
My quarterly statement for the retirement account arrived in the mail today and I was happy to see that I am doing quite well
Discussing an update to a business workflow with a coworker. Her department benefits from the update.
When my mom made my favorite food
I watched a funny youtube video that made me laugh. 
When my girlfriend told me that the job she's been applying to contacted her back and said she's still in the running for it.
I had a reasonable discussion with my roommate about politics.
I was able to sit down and plan out some big purchases in the next few months.  I now know how much it will cost and what I have to save up for those purchases.
I made a surprise dinner for my boy friend. He loved it and I enjoyed watching him eat it and enjoy it.
I got a gift from my friend without any reason.
I made a joke that had all my friends laughing.
Did you know that it has been scientifically proven that being kind makes you happier? Every time you perform a selfless act, your brain produces serotonin, a hormone that eases tension and lifts your spirits. Not only that, but treating people with love, dignity, and respect also allows you to build stronger relationships.
Took a nap listening to the rain coming down.
My dog behaved well on her walk. 
One of my stocks that I bought years ago did very well yesterday on the stock market.
An event that made me happy was spending time with my cat who was purring on my chest.
I heard from an old friend that I hadn't had contact with in over a year.
Had dinner with the family tonight, made chop steak with onions and fries. We also watched the middle third of Harry Portter and the Half Blood Price.
Purchased a Bicycle for exercising and keep my body healthy.
My wife made a cake after a long long time, which was very very yummy. 
I scrambled up my son's Rubik's cube and asked him to unscramble it for me so I could watch him. He did it really fast and then looked over at me and smiled. It's very rare that I can get my teenage son to smile at me. It made me happy.
I got my cooking project for the week finished.
I was assigned a new, important project at work.
My granddaughter came over with my son to visit and talk about his new house.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I received big hugs and kisses from my daughters when I picked them up from my in-laws.
Finally, after 3 weeks of searching, I found the yarn needed for my next project and it was on clearance! 
I found an affordable dentist and am in the process of getting my chip tooth fixed.
I woke up before my alarm clock and go a lot done before work.
My Collage first day. In my life i don't forget my first day collage. It was very excited to me. I got many new friends. 
I just ate eggs and bacon for breakfast, it's my favorite. 
we are going to summer trip for enjoy .i am very happy.
I made plans for a weekend trip with some friends to the beach.
I was paly with game in my happy movement in score get 56..
I received an invitation to a reunion of old colleagues that will take place this summer and thought how much fun it will be
I finished reading a very interesting book last night
Investing money in the stock market 
When I bought a present for my mother.
I found out I got accepted into a college program I have been wanting to get into.
My friend's daughter arrived in town to help her with her oncology appointment.
My cousin's Daughter is going to be getting married, was told about the wedding. I am so happy for her
Being able to work in my yard yesterday and make it look nice for the Spring.
Yesterday I ate a huge Italian sub, it was delicious! 
I got to sit beside the ocean.
It's Friday and I'm always looking forward to the day being over, much like a lot of people!
I completed eight work tasks that have been hanging over my head, but that I had previously been too busy to take care of.
watched a good movie, Life
A friend made a joke about herself to make me feel better about a situation.
We are watching the animals elephant,deer,fox,Buffalo,rabbit,snakes and more.
I got an email from a former coworker I haven't talked to in 2 years.
I watched golf online.
I washed my car after 2 months and this made me happy. I was happy because I did all by myself.
When I went into my room and saw that my sister cleaned it up for me.
I met with several friends in a local pub, and we had a great chat.
I'm currently eating leftover wedding cake (from my wedding) for breakfast!
I had a great workout at the gym. 
My bosses left early for the day, so my afternoon was fairly relaxed.
My daughter's boyfriend bought his first new car, and he's so proud.
I was happy when my husband took me out to lunch yesterday.
My husband and I had a romantic dinner, I was really happy because I really liked the food and the mood of the restaurant. 
Went outside in a park with my family.
Feeling like I made a difference at work.
Our son is really beginning to be a help around the house and seems to truly want to help. After looking at today's kids, I am so proud.
I found a new "keto" breakfast drink recipe that's quick and delicious. 
I was able to go to sleep for 5+ hours without interruptions from the baby.
I woke up early and got breakfast before work.
The realization that there are only three weeks left until I graduate college.
I was having a good time with my colleagues in the office today. We chat and laughed on certain things. I felt very happy. 
I found a dollar on the ground on my way inside my house.
I listen some old songs feels very cool in my mind.
Returned to my workout routines
I had time to sit down and read the book I have been wanting to for a while.
Some of my relatives come home in the evening.
I watched the sunset over the lake, while drinking a beer with Joe by my side.
Watched a fun action show on netflix.
A musician I like retweeted a compliment I sent him.
I took a nap and snuggled with my dog.
My husband made a good profit in business today. I am very happy because of that. 
I am happy that I will have time for a cigar after work today
I got to cook my sister a meal after 24 years.
My Aunt's house sold for more than the asking price, which will help her pay for assisted living costs.
I have the  best nights sleep I've had in months last night.
Someone else at work was able to help a patron who needed some expertise that I wasn't equipped to provide.
Traffic was light this morning because kids are on spring break. 
I read a very interesting and life-giving portion of scripture in the morning, which encouraged me in the Lord.
Amused by a friend's violent actions, I was laughing at him for non sense.
My kid plan to go to her friends house and she was happy to spend time with her friends. I also feel happy for that.
I won $15 on a scratch-off lottery ticket.
I was happy when my baby ate an entire egg at lunch.,
Spending the day with my son
My fiancee and i cuddled and watched a romantic movie.
My mom sent me photos of her new cat. I'm glad she rescued a cat after hers passed away last year. 
evening arranged party for the celebration.we invited all are my friends
I went to a local bookstore and bought a book called the Art of Peace.
Figured out a solution to my problem
evening arranged party for the celebration.we invited all are my friends
My daughter spoke well to Grand mother. We are all geared and enjoyed
When I ate a breakfast sandwich and it was cooked perfectly.
I went to Smoothie King and got my favorite kind of smoothie after finishing my classes for this week.
I mailed the last check on our house payoff for $843. 
Went to the store and got grocery for the week out of the way leaving my weekend open up.
Pay the monthly bills and realizing that everything was paid with money left over.
It's not so stormy and rainy as yesterday, probably I'll take a walk today.
I liked my outfit and look today which makes me feel confident.
I played a podcast. 
I listened to a podcast.
I had a breakfast of shredded wheat, was pretty good.
My old friend from CA confirmed that they will be visiting me in September.
Another event that made me happy was leaving work 10 minutes early. I beat traffic, made it home earlier and had time for more things.
When it rained yesterday I could hear the thunder and it made me feel peaceful.
Meeting up with some old acquaintances that I havent seen in a while.
It was pouring raining on my walk to class and I had no umbrella or ride back home and then it miraculously became clear and sunny.
Got to tell you when I see these hits it makes me feel good.  There's a bit of a treasure hunt feeling when you're looking for these and when you find one that pays well for your time feels like you hit the jackpot.
I went to bed early. That may not sound like a happy moment, but it sure was for me. :-) 
I was happy when my kids slept in this morning. 
My wife is no longer a vegetarian, and we had meat for dinner last night. 
I lost two pounds for the week.
Yesterday my team came to me with ideas for our work and they had prepared for our event so thoroughly that everything I could need was thought of.  I was aware that my team is competent and creative.  
I saw a huge blue jay eating at our bird feeder.
I realized that I'll be going back to PA with my wife for a few days in 15 days, which is a week sooner than I realized.
Made my goal on mturk last night
I ordered my favorite lunch and still have some leftover.
I had great sex before I went to sleep last night.
Went to chick-fil-a after not having gone to chick-fil-a in a very long time. 
I ran into a former friend at the grocery store whom I hadn't seen in over 20 years.
I successfully cooked a recipe that I had never made before.
My employer decided to give myself and a few fellow employees a spring break the third weekend in April.
Completing a project for work I have been working on for 4 days.
It is friday!
I have caffeine free coke, so I was able to have a coke with dinner - normally, the caffeine makes it hard for me to sleep, so getting caffeine free is the only option, and I don't normally get it, so it was a very nice treat.
I made a delicious dinner with my husband.
Today was payday, so that first moment I looked at my bank account today made me happy.
I found out that the hosts of a podcast that I listen to were on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, and I am very happy for their continued success.
My last "victory" was getting onto turk, trying to make a little more extra cash.  This is really good for me, even if I dont feel it now, I always do when im done. 
I went to a Star Hotel for lunch with my wife to celebrate .  During lunch in the miled lighting surrounding she hug me and gave a sweet kiss.   
Hung out with some old friends
I took a nice shower it was really enjoyable.
I played an online game with my husband.
I got to speak to my son who is 21 and living in NYC.
I was happy not to have to cook dinner. 
I had some excellent tea yesterday that made me feel both relaxed and energized.
I convinced a co-worker to go out to lunch with me and paid as a nice gesture.
I got to talk to my partner early in the morning. 
One of my friends texted me this morning to invite me to lunch today.
I went to bed early and had a good nights sleep. 
I received 4$ bonus on one of the mturk studies, that made me happy.
Having warmer weather and getting rid of winter is something I am very happy for.  I am excited to plant flowers and maintain my yard. 
Spending the day home with my daughter
I went to the gym and I felt really in the groove when I was lifting and running today.
I completed our taxes and found out that we didn't owe nearly as much as I thought, so it was much less of a financial burden than anticipated. Now that money set aside can go towards other things we need.
See a series of drama in the house with my family
I noticed that the flowers in my front yard were blooming.
I said something that sounded smart
The rain stopped and I was able to get outside and take the baby for a walk.
Today i bought a NEW LED Tv.
Driving to work today, I realized that it's FRIDAY and I'm off for the next two days!
I spent several hours just having fun family time last night.
A pair of new shoes that I ordered came in the mail. 
My mom said she would give 15 dollars
My favorite cricket team won the match today in the ongoing series.
I watched my favorite Street fighter player win on youtube.
I got through a project at my new job, the first project I've taken from start to finish on this new job.
I ate a delicious bean stew.
We had a big wind storm in town yesterday, and as I picked up the kids at school, the power went out in our neighborhood.  I pretty much decided then and there we would go out to eat.  We did as a family, and we had a very tasty relaxing dinner.  
I got to leave work earlier than I normally do.
I heard Bannon got a kick in the crotch and I kind of like that a lot.
My husband grabbed me and gave me a kiss and hug before leaving for work this morning.
I picked my son up from school
The weather report called for several inches of snow and luckily we got NONE!
for the first time in 3 months i was at the gym exercising.
My fiance made me an egg sandwich this morning.
Enjoying my Coffiest drink.
I got a bonus at work.
I was qualified in the  state level singing competition and going to participate for the famous event hosting by playback singers. 
I got in bed early which means I would get a lot of sleep.
my friend's birthday party, last Saturday evening, we went for a meal in an Italian restaurant.
I played video games
I'm happy because my boss treated me to breakfast this morning
I made a good decision about being proactive instead of reactive.
My son did something very funny.
I checked the weather forecast and found out it's supposed to be a beautiful weekend.
I called my brother and talked to him on the phone for a long time 
Opening a new bag of chips and eating the first one. 
Yesterday I went shopping for Easter clothes/candy/egg coloring for my sons. I love shopping for holidays.
I met my exercise goal before dinner.
Took my kids to the bounce place to bounce.
I got a free case of paper products from my friend who works at a paper pill.
I was able to watch Designated Survivor (recorded from Wednesday) without having to watch any commercials.
I got a nice bonus yesterday.
My lingering headache had gone away and it was such a relief to the day. 
I got out for 2 walks with my puppy and it was a beautiful day, about 80!
I completed a project at work
I saw my daughter's track meet 
Today I wake up early and did a 5k run with friends. I am still the best among them. They really appreciated this fact that I am the fittest. It made me delighted and motivated me.
I was approved for a consolidation loan.
I got 5000 Rupees  Prize contest
I made plans for a date tonight and Im so excited!
I felt happy when I went to get a milkshake.
I was happy when I found out that my Mom was able to get an appointment for a new family doctor.
getting a promotion from my work
I went to the grocery store and bought a pint of ice cream, this made me and my taste buds very happy and blissful. 
I was watching our dogs Gracie and Abby together and Gracie was licking Abby's face like she was a mom dog cleaning her baby and it made me feel good.
I made it to the gym yesterday afternoon on my lunch break and had a great workout. 
I saw a graham norton show video on youtube and really laught.
I'm happy that my boss filled in for me yesterday and saw how smoothly things run
My daughter made me dinner last night. 
I just found out we are going out of town this weekend.
Eating candy
I'm happy my son is excelling in gymnastics.
I got my bike fixed and went for a bike ride! Spring time!
Laying around with my kids last night made me so happy.
Saw my girlfriend after a long day of work.
My wife and  I went out for a movie last night.
Did more work in my yard to prepare as the weather continues to improve, raked cleaned some of last years veggie garden and did some cleaning up.
I had a really nice morning, good cup of coffee and a really solid breakfast. Felt nice
This morning at work I found out that we were getting free lunch.
I had a free evening to spend talking with my wife.
I was laying in bed, watching T.V. and my wife, my dog, and my son was all snoring in unison. 
Another event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was when my grocery store was giving out free samples of my favorite food.
My daughter participated in the music program.She sang well.I was very excited to hear the music program
Remembered a password for an email I'd lost.
I practiced my acting skills at a local theater and got several laughs.
I found two dollars in an old purse.
I drank coffee.
I was introduced to a few new people yesterday at the gym.
I heard from a friend I haven't heard from in a long time.
I got home from work earlier than expected.
I was able to eat some of my new chocolate ice cream after dinner. 
I watched a new show that was very intriguing.
Talking to a good friend that had moved away.
There were no lines at Costco last night and I nabbed a great parking spot. 
I met up with a friend from childhood
My husband gave me a genuine compliment.
I found out my brother who lives out-of-state is making a stop to see me and my sister during a weekend trip with his girlfriend.
I had tacos for dinner! I made them this time.
It was beautiful weather when I got to work, so I walked instead of taking the shuttle to my office.
This is such an inspiring story to hear.  Zara is right on, the fact that helping someone else is what makes you happy speaks volumes about your character.  You are awesome, and what you did was awesome, and what you do now here is awesome!
I came home from dropping the kids off to the smell of delicious coffee.
I made myself a really nice dinner of roasted salmon and was surprised it came out well.
Last night I excercised on the treadmill for 30 minute and felt great afterwards. 
I ate a great breakfast that I had made myself.
Made a new high score in video game.
Finally completed a project at work that I had been working on for weeks.
I was happy to make a big sale on my online store.
I productively worked with my manager at work to hammer out a new operating procedure.
I was appreciated by a customer at work.
I was approached by a student who told me that he was accepted to an internship program I helped him apply to. 
Last night I was able to spend time with family I hadn't seen in a while.
My back hurt less.
I ate a delicious meal.
We have a mice problem here where I live, and yesterday I was finally able to find some mouse traps at a store. 
I was able to cook dinner and prep dinner for last night despite my hectic schedule, which includes work and a baby.
We received bigger recycling containers from the city so that we don't have to worry about them filling up as often.
The power went out and I got to use tea lights to light up my apartment and enjoy the quiet before bed. 
I went to sleep early.
I went out for a bike ride with my son.
My daughter said "all gone" when she finished her bottle, its rare that she says 2 words.
Knowing I had rent money finally.
I got to sleep in because a work call got cancelled.
I have some free time to do what I like.
I got a decent amount of work done in my garden
I got to eat a good breakfast for free today. 
I don't have to go into work today because a client moved their schedule.
I finally made time to cut the front lawn and finished it right on time.
I had a grapefruit for a snack and it was perfectly pink, extremely juicy, and undeniably delicious.
I wrote a note to my daughter and put it in her "mailbox," a container in her room where family members are invited (and strongly encouraged!) to write notes to her. I didn't see her open the mailbox and see my note, but I know that it made her happy. 
I had a nice conversation with an old friend last night. I haven't seen her in a long time so it was great to catch up. It made me happy to talk with her.
My husband was in a good mood yesterday about his health.
I was happy when I laid down with my wife. 
I had a great hamburger for dinner
Working out at the gym. My numbers have gone up which makes me extremely happy
I was able to come to work at a job that I enjoy.
I played Mario Party with my brother.
This morning my hair was still looking good enough that I did not have to wash my hair in the shower.  This allowed me to do a load of laundry and some dishes so I wont have as much to do tonight when I get home.
I got to the next division in my game!
I enjoyed eating a Hershey bar.
Today I gave money to a begger
I did not have time for coffee this morning so when I finally was able to get some at work it was super.
I planned a time to see some of my high school friends from home while I am visiting home.
I was getting my older daughter ready for school, she is 9 years old. I told her to pose so I can take a picture. I just noticed that she is getting so big and tall, she was up to my neck! In that moment, joy and happiness filled me up as I was staring at her. I can't believe how much she has grown. 
i managed to control my eating a little better yesterday trying to regain my self control
I went to get the oil changed, it's not really that big of a deal for people, but it kinda is for me. We needed to get our oil changed in our car for a little bit now, and I didn't want to drive it to the car place because I'm incredibly uncomfortable with "the car people", they both intimidate me and get on my nerves. I really kind of had to force myself to do that so I'm pretty happy with that and still am.
A friend told me that a former colleague had nothing but great compliments about me and my work ethic.
Drank an energy drink first thing this morning.
Someone at the store complimented my hair!
I baked cookies with my crush.
I was able to sleep in this morning and get some chores done before work.
Walking my dogs yesterday after the storm had cleared made me very happy.
I was able to accomplish all the things on my to-do list for the day. 
I helped my wife finish collating her Amazon baby registry.
My mother sent me a letter in the mail.
I got the upstairs of our house cleaned up.
I bought a new fragrance from Dior.
After getting very thirsty, I grabbed a glass of water.
I am in the process of looking for a new apartment. I have been very unsuccessful in locating something affordable and available during my move out dates. I have finally located an apartment that fits those needs and was granted a showing. If I like the apartment, I will be able to secure that lease and no longer have to continue my search. 
My daughter finally feels better after having bad cold. 
In the past 24hrs I brother gave me a good news that next month we all are going Canada for a trip n vacation .i am so happy for my trip .
Got takeout pizza for dinner and I have some left for tonight
Staying on track, when it comes to my diet, yesterday
My dog this morning was extremely overjoyed to get to go to the lake for our morning walk.
I got to buy my sister a Hamilton hoodie as a gift to thank her for getting me tickets to the show.
I saw my payment from a job had posted which allows me to make a purchase I've been wanting.
Eating passion fruit for the first time. I saw it for the first time in my life in the store and picked it up to try it, I really liked it and it was a first time experience for me. I love trying new things.
I watched the finale of Iron Fist.
I cleaned my desk at work and now it looks all organized and I feel more on top of my life. 
I analyzed some data from a project at work and it looks to be promising going forward with it.
I called my mom and spoke with her and we laughed a lot which made us both happy.
i was happy this morning when a good friend of mine texted me first thing. 
Played a few good shots in cricket after a very long time (like 2-3 years later).  
I talked to a friend online last night. I'd gotten pretty secluded while married to my ex, and it's nice to be somewhat social again.
I was perhaps most happiest around 2 am, when I finally hopped in the bed to go to sleep for the night. 
I watched my favorite movie.
I was happy finding out that I'll be able to go to the Antigua trip next December with the college.
I went wine tasting with a few friends after work.
My daughter started talking more and kept me entertained this morning.
I came home from the gym and saw violets blooming in the front yard.
I tidied up my basement a bit - It was bothering me that it was messy and having the space clean made me happy. 
Coming home and hearing my daughter singing
Got to relax in bed to my heart's content, without being interrupted or needed to do something.
I saw a movie I'd been meaning to see for quite some time.
Running into my cousins and their foster baby. 
An old friend messaged me for the first time in a few weeks.
eating dinner
Saw a elephant and crackers in festival
The new linens we ordered online arrived.
When I left work last night, I was happy to be heading home. 
Last night I had my favorite flavor of ice cream.
I got a lot done at work 
This morning, my son woke up before I did. I heard him call out to me and so I got up and went into his room. He looked at me and said "Good morning Mommy, I missed you!" and he gave me a big kiss. He's such a love, it made me so happy.
Another happy moment was when I fixed my garage door opener without having to call anyone for help! I always feel so proud of myself when I do something that my father taught me.
One of my sons came home talking about the great experience he had making a new friend at school.
I saw my daughter reading a book to my mother and seeing them both bond was very heartwarming and made me happy.
It is Friday and all my grading is done for the week.  This means, as a teacher, that I don't have any work to do this weekend.  I plan on enjoying the weekend and the beautiful weather.
My housemate returned home from her holiday early and it was lovely to see her again.
Not getting bills in the mail made me happy yesterday.
I ordered sushi for lunch.
My morning cup of coffee, I cannot start the day without out and it is always a happy experience. 
i had pizza for lunch which was incredible. I wasn't looking forward to lunch. But then some event was going on at the office and there was free pizza. And so not only was it a nice surprise, but it was free!
my happy moment in last 24 hours is I drove my car with my favourite music.
My boyfriend is a bit of an incompetent cook, and we laughed together at one of his cooking mistakes.
My cat jumped to the back of the sofa as I walked by which is his signal that he wants me to pet him.
found out that I'm in the final stage of getting my new job
I was able to go to bed early.
My friend confirmed plans to hang out with me in a few days.
Last evening I made dinner for my girlfriend and I. This made me happy because the dinner turned out to be better than I expected and I surprised myself with how good my cooking was. I was proud and very happy with myself.
I finally completed 50 push-ups and 75 squat-ups 
I had a wonderful meal at home, using many fresh ingredients in my refrigerator that I wanted to use for a while. 
The weather was absolutely beautiful yesterday, so I kept all the windows open well into the night.
I watched a video and it was funny.
I was able to complete a long term project at work and was completely successful in its implementation.
The girl that I like messaged me after a few days of not communicating and said that she wants to get together in the next few days, that put a smile on my face.
my boyfriend and I watched a crazy episode of Dr Phil.
My husband woke up yesterday feeling much better after fighting a fever for two days. He even made a few jokes. That made me very happy.
Yesterday, my boss stood up for me at work and told management they should interview me for a possible promotion. 
Yesterday evening, my boyfriend made a three-course meal for me, based on cooking classes he'd been secretly taking! 
My brother let me borrow 25 dollars when I needed it.
Last night I watched the flash tv series with my girlfriend and they had a character on the tv show as a villian named abra kadabra who is one of my favorite villains.
I watched some funny videos on youtube.
My fiancee made me breakfast and we ate together.
I baked some "breakfast cookies" this morning.  While they're not the best tasting cookies, I do enjoy baking so I was happy to be able to test out a new recipe and put my skills to use.
My son got his grade up in Art class.
I was asked to take photos at a corporate event because the company likes my photography.
My cat jumped up and fell asleep on my lap.
I was thanked by a student. 
Teaching life lessons to my son
I made an international sale for my company.
I found an extra $20 in my pocket.
My daughter made a new friend in our neighborhood and I was introduced to her parents.
My wife coming home and telling me that she just was recommended for a large promotion at work due to her excellent performance this year.
My roommate made brownies and gave me one
A very unpleasant woman who worked at my job, was escorted out of the building because her work was deemed insufficient. 
I was able to cook a lot of good meals for the week in which I won't have to cook in the future this week. The meals taste good as well making me feel better.
I enjoyed my favorite meal at one of my favorite restaurants.
I got to play a game with one of my favorite Twitch streamers.
I was recognized for my good performance at work by my manager
My neighbor brought over some fresh bread she had baked too much of and it was nice to know someone thinks about us.
For the first time in a couple days the sun was out when I went outside this morning.
I went out with a lady friend to grab a specialty coffee drink, and the sweet and delicious taste triggered something indulgent within me.
I had a playdate with another mom and her kids.
I was able to buy a video game that I have been wanting for quite some time.
Met a new friend online, who was very friendly
Finished a big work project.
I hit my goal on Mturk.
I ate my favorite fast food.
A friend offered to buy me a coffee unexpectedly, which was fantastic because I was so tired.
My notebook computer played HD video smoothly without dropping frames.
I got to grab a drink with coworkers after work. 
My friends drove from quite a long distance to visit me and have dinner and drinks,.
I sold a crocheted item that I made!
I bought a new handbag.
Going to watch our soccer team last night and they won the game!
Yesterday morning, I was happy I made to macroeconomics class on time by smoothly navigating through traffic.
This kind of event makes me everyday happy when i saw someone i like on tv or internet and when i browse my internet i saw them and my kids to greet or kiss or hug me daily this small gesture makes me happy everyday.
It was friday and I got to leave work early which was awesome.
I completed and filed my taxes.
I had an icy cold beer in a frosted mug with Mexican dinner.
I watched a live concert video on youtube that was pretty good.
I talked with my sister in phone and we had so many memories to remember.
My old tablet started to work again after I thought it was unfixable.
I was able to eat Popeye's for breakfast, and I was so excited because I had not had any since relocating to another State!
I was able to go to the grocery store with plenty of money to pay. 
I bought a television for the first time, ever!
Completing the fire academy.
I had a drink with my wife on our patio and just relaxed
My wife brought me Gnocchi 
my wife fell asleep early last night so i got to watch 3 episodes of my show
I have a cold and don't want to out, but I found medicine in my cabinet so I didn't have to leave home.
I made it to the lab early and was the first one in line. 
Driving to PA to visit my family, and celebrate my birthday with them. 
I worked hard at my volunteer position at the library and everyone who works there was really impressed with how much I accomplished.
My husband and I took a bath together last night. 
My next door neighbor bought a case of brown eggs and gave me two dozen of them.
I found an abandoned backpack on a walking trail near my house, opened it and found an address book that allowed me to locate the backpack's owner.
I saved a puppy from  well
I had dinner with a good friend.
today morning my son told me I am the best father in the world.
Today My Favorite hashim amla played very fantastic inning of 28 in IPL this season. 
The last snow in town just melted today. We're officially in spring.
TODAY I PURCHASED A NEW SAREE FOR ME. THE SAREE COLOR IS VERY ATTRACTIVE FOR ME. WHICH MAKES ME HAPPY.
This morning i find the keys i lost 5 days ago,i save money for 3 new key locks.
I enjoyed a really nice dinner with my husband at a new restaurant last night.
In the last 24 hours, I was going to go to a bar alone before meeting up with friends later that night.  As I was heading to my typical neighborhood bar, I check facebook and saw that another friend of mine was in their area and looking to kill an hour.  We ended up meeting at another bar, catching up as we had not seen each other in a while, and having a drink.  It was much better than sitting in a bar alone and it made me happy to see him.
I watched the latest episode of my favorite TV show that I had been waiting to watch.
Went to movie with my two brothers along  with their families after 6 months.
Yesterday i went out with my family to a shopping mall where we had an awesome evening.
I delivered a report to the client and they appreciated my work. Felt very happy.
My son had his district championship track meet last night. He came in first in all 3 of his events. It makes me so happy and proud to see that all of his hard work paid off. This is was also happy news to share with family.
My cousin brother visited me, he is always my favourite.
Getting a cheap motel because I'm homeless. It made me feel grateful. I am very desperate.
My daughter began giggling after I made a funny voice.
The birds at my backyard feeders are singing happily and I enjoy watching their antics.
I listened to a baseball game yesterday, and the team that I like won.
I went on a hike with my boyfriend and spent the entire day with him. 
I had some tasty potatoes.
I went out for a big breakfast and it was really good.
I got home from work and it was nice and warm outside so I could do clean up for Spring.  
I got a surprise delivery from a close friend. It was a gourmet nut and fruit basket. 
Well my girlfriend and I went hiking for the first time in a few months. Usually when that happens it is few and far between and for a very short amount of time. But we went and it was wonderful and fun! I loved it. I felt one with nature as tacky as that sounds and was so happy and excited to the point where I almost cried from how beautiful it was.
It made me very happy when I picked up my 2 nieces and nephew at school and they ran up to me with smiles and hugs. 
My happy moment that happened to me was that I was able to buy groceries with my own money that I earned.
My uncle sold out his old truck with a good price
I spoke to daughter on the phone and she informed of her grade that she received in her accounting class. She passed the exam which was good to hear as she struggles and had not been doing too well 
I got a promotion at my job. 
My old school is an unforgettable place for me because I have lived the best years of my life in it. I had a lot of friends, and I was taught by great teachers. So I would like to share with you everything I remember about my old school. 

My school was ordinary school. What makes it special is the feeling one can experience as he would enter the front door of the school. The loud voices of the students laughing, screaming, and chatting is all what you can hear before the bell ranges.

Usually first classes are the worst. Students find themselves sleepy and lazy itas the classes which I take advantage of to stare everywhere in the classroom. The first thing that could be observed at my classroom is the stunning graphic design by my classmate Layla which occupying the left corner of the classroom. The hardwood table is in the right corner. we usually gather around the table for reading 'free reading' as I like to call it. For this day's free reading we prepared: Harry Potter, Animal Farm, and Wuthering Heights.

As you first walk into the vast yard of my old school a feeling of hunger will attack your stomach. A scent that you have never smelled begins to enter your lunges. It is a sort of smell that convinces you that you must eat in the school cafeteria. Hajer is the cafeteria cook, and she was an excellent cook.

My best teacher told me once: ' the best places are the places that we donat feel how amazing they were except when we leave them'. That what happened to me eventually because I never knew how great Hajer the cook is, or how joyful the free hours reading was except when I left my old school. 
I heard from a friend who I had been waiting to hear from for a long time.
I went a visited a friend who just got back from a vacation in Hawaii, and he gave me a bag of some premium Hawaiian coffee. 
My kids woke me up early and had fixed pop tarts. 
I found a nice apartment.
I made some brownies last night. They came out really good. 
I received my dahlia bulbs in the mail, and I've been waiting on them for a month.
I called a hotel that I'm going to be visiting in 2 days and was able to negotiate a lower price than offered both over the phone and online.
This morning my mom made me my favorite meal for breakfast.
I ate a very very delicious chocolate cake with mascarpone ,,chocolate and lady fingers.

My roommates and I found our dream townhome.
I was texting my boyfriend who never really has been a big texter, but because I was at work, we couldn't talk on the phone like we usually do. I sent him a sweet text before my shift started and kept checking my phone throughout to see if he had responded. I eventually decided that it wasn't a big deal and he was probably busy. So as soon as I clocked out and was walking out to my car, I checked my phone and there was a long, novel-like, text from him. It said all these sweet things with things he liked about me and how happy he is with me. We've been dating a while but I still get butterflies when I'm with him and I fall for him more each day. We do have a long distance relationship so it's difficult sometimes but he does sweet things every time I see him that make it worth it. So  Just walking out to my car and reading that text over and over, really just made my night and made me so happy. 
Eating burgers with my family
I was on a date with my girlfriend and spent the night at her place.
I was able to get up early today instead of staying in bed late.
Overtopping a waitress who was down on her luck 
Yesterday instead of cooking a big messy dinner my wife told me to go out and buy McDonald's for dinner.
I got to leave the kids with a sitter and go out to eat with my husband.
I watched Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them with my brother.
I went back to my mom's house for the weekend to celebrate her birthday, it's been very pleasant so far.
I talked with my lover for several hours on the phone. 
My toddler started potty training and his success going on the potty all day made me very happy. It was leaving the last of the baby years behind us and starting a new chapter. 
Ordered from one of my favorite chinese restaurants.
I went to a bonfire with my friends last night.
I had dinner with my family at Chili's
We finished up our going away present for our best friends who are moving.
I came to visit my parents
I am freelancer. I basically work on different platforms like mturk. Yesterday, i have participated in a bid for a long term project and i was able to grab that project. That made very happy. 
I went to a terrarium making workshop that was free in our office building, and made a really cute terrarium that cheers up my desk at work. 
i was attend in project via,i so very fear and nervous.before i am really happy and enjoy.i am very lucky in my family and friends.
My dad came in from out of state to visit me and take me out to dinner.
One event was I got my car back after it was in the shop for  2 weeks.
After struggling with a piece of computer software for nearly an hour, I finally figured out the steps to make it achieve the task I was trying to accomplish.
The painting I was working hard on just got approved for an exhibition. 
I cooked pancakes, and ate them with strawberry jam.
I finished all my work and started the weekend.
Yesterday i attended my wife's boss birthday party and i enjoyed with my wife and child and i was very happy to know my child enjoyed  party a lot.
I earned more money than normal. 
I had some important work to finish yesterday night and I was sitting in my bedroom with my laptop, finishing my work while my best-friend was sleeping sound. I was sleep driven and getting a bit irritated by seeing her sleeping like a baby. So I made a cup of tea drank it till half the glass and put that glass on the top of our cooler. 
One of my favorite movies received the national film award for best films in 2016
I was happy to get a raise at work.
I went and visited a good friend in the city for a few hours.
I got new pencil box for my son and he is happy.
My crush accepted my friend request on Facebook. I sent her a message to ask her how she is doing and to thank her for accepting my friend request, but she has not replied yet.
I went for a walk with my dog.
going to restaurant with friends 
Spending time at a local brewery with my boyfriend.
My happiest moment in my life for yesterday  my  birthday my dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly that day i was so exited..i cannot forget day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad..
I got together with my friend.
I ATTENDED MY FRIEND MARRIAGE FUNCTION.
Talking to my dad
Last night the lady and I watched a movie called The Blind Side we had been wanting to see this movie for some time but it wasn't on Netflix so we had to get a copy of it.  We enjoyed it very much and it made me happy for the duration.
I was able to take Friday off from from work. 
A friend paid me 1000 dollars for some work I did.
went to the christmas tree shop to purchase some lawn ornaments so it's time to spring out. 
I made a braggot last night with my girlfriend.
The return of Spring has me feeling energetic and optimistic.
i did facetime with my granddaughters this morning. 
I called and talked to my friend who I haven't heard from in a while.
I had lunch with a friend in center city and discussed politics and sports there.
I slept in 3 extra hours
I went to the cherry blossom festival with my girlfriend.
I slept for almost 8 hours last night, I needed the rest.
I passed my driving test! To me, it was a relief to get something like that over with, and it's one step further into organizing my life goals. 
My girlfriend
I went to bed at 8 o'clock last night, and I felt lucky to be able to catch up on my sleep.
I got to watch the Tigers beat the Boston Red Sox in the home opener and they came from behind to do it.
I was handed the keys to my new car, and drove it for the first time.
A girl I knew was on the verge of crying and threw herself at me. I was happy that she found comfort by me.
The first part of my bathroom remodeling project was completed under budget.
Watching a friend play video games.
I ate pizza for dinner
I was able to go out to eat with my family.
Went shopping for dinner preparation.
I got an "A" on my Public Policy exam.
Doing well in a job interview, and getting along well with the interviewer.
I planned a trip with my friend to Atlanta.
One of my friends came to visit me. I recently moved to a new state and I don't really know anybody here, but one of my friends was in the area and decided to stop by. We had a pretty good time together.
I talked to my friend online who I hadn't spoken to in a while, and he seems to be doing better.
Last night my brother gift me gold chain on my birthday occasion its happiest event for me.
Yesterday my girlfriend and I got to 6 months of dating and we went out to eat.
i was happy last night when my roommates had a friend over and i made a new friend. 
I went to the gym.  It was always hard to get started.
I went to an Opening Day Baseball game.
I met up with an old friend I used to work with and got to hear stories about how he and his family are doing.
Walked dogs around the neighborhood. 
A friend of mine gave us a small treat yesterday.
I got a new pair of sandals I really liked.
I have a start-up Sugar Free blog that felt nearly impossible to keep up during the holidays and I just got a message from a follower saying aI am so encouraged by your account, I just found out I have to go completely sugar free, and I had no idea I could still eat so many amazing foods!a.
Drinking coffee made me very happy.
Having all of my golfers make the cut and potentially making money on Draftkings.
I have eaten delicious dinner prepared by my wife :)
I very rarely drink but on occasion I enjoy drinking wine so last evening I purchased a fantastic bottle of chianti.
I finished a painting project in my bathroom. 
I turned some music and my daughter and I danced this morning. It definitely was fun and made me feel like I was on a tv show.
Seeing this HIT is available again, after I missed the previous one. 
Got invited to my buddy's wedding. 
The sun was shining when I woke up this morning.
I had pizza with my boyfriend.
Had a date with my girlfriend last night.
My friends came over for dinner. 
This hit is up again
My daughter's half sister, who is a toddler, spent the afternoon with me yesterday.  She sought me out repeatedly, saying "mine" and wanting to cuddle with me.
Went with my boyfriend to the fair!
I watched Rogue One with my wife last night before bed. 
I solved a problem at work.
I got off work 30 minutes early. 
Yesterday after work, I ordered Thai food and got a bottle of wine and watched a movie.
I left work on Friday. 
Stopped into a new law firm.
I purchased a new computer for gaming.
It made me happy to have food to eat today.
I was able to sleep in on a Friday with my boyfriend, we never both have Fridays off and between work and school sleeping in was a great way to start off my day. 
I got baked goods for a treat at band practice.
I watched Family Feud.
I opened my supply shipments and one of them was packed with bubble wrap instead of the new air pillows.
Reading with my kids makes me happy.
I got promoted as Sr. Manager yesterday, feeling very happy.
I got to see my girlfriend on Friday after a very long and hard week at work. 
When my friends come meet me
I finished weeding and mulching the front yard and it looks fabulous.
An event that made me happy happened about 20 minutes ago. I came into town to visit my family and my mom got to see my 3 month old son that she had not seen in a month. 
I got three job interview and three job offers.  I am tired of being an unemployed RN.
I made French toast this morning and my family all had breakfast together. We don't get to do that very often.
I went for a long walk with my family.
I spent time with my daughter after getting home from work.
My boss called me and my family to his home for a weekend get together.
I got some new clothing I've been wanting for a long while.
My roommate left for work earlier than usual.
Wife was offered a job as a nurse making 32 an hour.  This is higher than most places in Iowa
I got to go shopping by myself for 2 hours.
One event that made me happy was going to a family birthday party yesterday to help decorate and have fun.
I got to talk to my little sister. She is usually so busy with 2 jobs, 3 kids, and taking classes that it gets hectic. 
I won a bid on ebay for super cheap for an apple tv and an ipod lot. It made me super happy because I have been searching and bidding on ipods for a week and kept getting outbid.
I just got a package of paleo chocolate bars in the mail from my boyfriend as a surprise. 
I did some light cleaning around the house.
A friend from the neighborhood came by and gave me a gift of locally made artisan cheese.
my happiest moment in my life is getting the U.S Visa...i cant forget anyway that moment in my existence........
----thankyou for giving this Opportunity
Watching a kid playing in the park.
I lifted my weights per my routine and did fifty push-ups in addition to my standard routine.
What made me happy today was making breakfast for my brother.
I received a job interview for a company that I want to work for.
I received the game Persona 5 in the mail, and it made me excited to continue working so I could play it later.
Got to spend time with my girlfriend last night.
I had another great day of steady blood sugars so my energy levels feel amazing. 
My uncle just told me this morning that last week he won $100 on a scratch off ticket. 
I got some ingredients at the supermarket to make some pudding parfaits for dessert.

I came back home after being hospitalized for 3 days.
I had an amazing workout yesterday and did a ton of cardio, breaking a crazy sweat.
I met a pokemon go player and connected a face to an account so I and my friends know they aren't spoofers. 
Playing  some video games.
It was my birthday and I had enchiladas and chocolate pie!
Last night, I taught my 5 year old son to play checkers. It was a lot of fun to watch his eyes light up as he figured out strategy and how to play the game.
I played a video game for a long time yesterday.
I was happy when a family friend send my son an Easter card.
My friends are helping me to get Comic Con badges this year and I am happy about it.
I was told that i am getting a new job making more money.
Hanging out with my sister watching tv made me happy.
I visited my parents along with my wife. They were very happy to meet us. 
I had a sleepover at my friends house.
I helped a beggar who came to my office .He has cancer and he begged money for treatment. I paid him . He thanked me 
My brother called me while he was at work to talk to me and see how I was doing.
I got my cell phone fixed.
Making progress in a computer game I've been working on.
My Husband was able to put in the pier as the ice was finally gone!
Knowing that it's the weekend and it's almost time to go on vacation 
I spent time with my sibling.
I find a 20 dollar bill in my pants pocket, that I didnt know I had. 
My work week was pretty long and slow. So I was very happy when work finally ended Friday afternoon and the week began.
Me and a friend worked out a time to go fishing tomorrow.
The gentlemen in front of me at Starbucks purchased my drink for me.
I was happy when I was listening to The Adventure Zone podcast and it was really funny.
Purchasing a new game on my game console and playing it.
I bought a new chaise lounge for my living room.
Went to a fast food place and the man in front of me paid for my food.
My fiance picked me up from therapy and we went to the store together. 
 I was able to grab a drink with a friend from high school and catch up with him. 
My friend invited me to a very entertaining magic show. The guy was really funny!
I woke up to doughnuts on the kitchen counter!
Visiting my girlfriend when she was having a bad day. 
I made a nice breakfast.
I found that I had and extra slice of pizza.
My father called me and told me he was proud of me for going back to college.
My favorite basketball team won their game last night.
The food that I ate at lunch today is one of the things that made me happy in the past 24 hours.
I had an easy ride home from work with very little traffic.
When I woke up to the sun shining through my window. It made me very happy because it rained almost all day yesterday.
I received a battery pack in the mail that I've been looking forward to have since the past week.
Ian finally came over to collect the rent!
I managed to reach my weekly work goal, this ensures a steady income at the end of the month.
My friend Mark came from out of town to visit.
When I was at the library with my toddler and she said 'hi' for the first time to the librarian. Watching and hearing her pick-up and say new words makes me very happy! 
I went and renewed my car license plates
Went to the Daddy Daughter dance with my daughter last night.
Yesterday started spring break at the school I teach for!  One week vacation!
I was able to write and finish my field notes for my job successfully.
I am very happy when we remember family tour of dehradun.
I have enjoyed sitting in the garden with my family and close relatives enjoying the sun. 
I took the boys for a walk to the park and my oldest rode his bike, and listened the whole time!
I made whole wheat pancakes.
One of my friends offered to cook me dinner.
My brother visited and we caught up.
Today starts my one week vacation from work, which means 9 days of sleeping in!
I got to come home from work yesterday and spend some time with my boyfriend without the kids.
Every day with my daughter after school, we talk about how her day went and what she has for homework. I really love hearing about her day and discussing how my time in school was similar. We come up with a plan for how she is going to tackle her homework. It is a great feeling being part of her life.
I had my very last property class yesterday.
Getting off work while it's still light outside makes me happy, Waking up a minute before your alarm goes off, so you aren't jolted out of bed makes me feel happy, Interpretive dancing when nobody is watching makes me feel happy.
It made me very happy to buy a gift tablet to my girlfriend yesterday.
I slept in late today because it was the weekend
I found an old cast iron skillet at a garage sale this morning.
Ordering a pizza
I got my new baby fetal monitor in, and heard the baby's heartbeat for the first time.
Taking my morning walk with my dog this morning, I was SO happy that the cold, cold wind had finally died down, and although the temperature was still chilly, it felt so much warmer without the wind.
Yesterday was Friday, so I was able to finish my work for the week. Getting out of work and having a few days of was pretty nice. Always is.
I got to sleep in an extra hour this morning
Had a friend visit that I hadn't seen in a while
My It's Complicated made an effort to get a hold of me when it wasn't as easy as normal
I watched a very interesting video with one of my favorite actors.
My daughter came to visit and we did some errands together.
An actress in my film got nominated for an award.
One event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was the fact that I was able to say no to heavy drinking. 
Getting my taxes finished.
we went to a shopping mall and purchased lot of things.my kids are very happy walking everywhere playing games in the mall.i felt really very happy seeing them enjoying and having fun and then we had dinner in the restaurant and reached home.
My daughter stopped over for a visit.
We finally got a new dishwasher installed today.
I finally got to start season 7 of Shameless after binge watching the entire series 6 months ago.
I got up early today and walk-ran a 1.5 mile race.  I was very tired but it was good to get the day started right.
I was able to poop after being constipated for a few days.
When my husband offered to give me a back massage.
I went out for drinks with some friends I had not seen in a while.
Fixing a bug in my extension.
I managed to grab tickets to a concert I've been wanting to go to. They sold out minutes after nabbing them.
I want to share every moment of my life with friend.. the good and the bad. I want to cry on your shoulder when sad and I want to laugh sitting beside you. He is the love of my life
I wen to Starbuck in the morning and got a very delicious latte that made my day.
I walked my dog in the woods.
I repaired my lawnmower by myself for much cheaper than having someone else do it.
My son was born at 8:34 in the morning!  His name is Lucas, and he is beautiful.
My daughter and I watched one of our favorite shows together.
I played a fun group game with 20 or so high school students. 
Finishing all my classes for the week.
I went to the local comedy club and saw a good comedian perform.
every moment of my life is happy because i leave the life in present but happiest moment when achieve in life some new.

This morning I went to the Crossfit gym and competed in a team workout which was a lot of fun. 
I had a good day at work
Was able to order my new hiking gear today.
I took a shower.
Our work contract didn't pass and im glad because i want a raise
I received recognition for the amount and quality of work for a last second notification requirement that was paramount to high visibility event.
I got a new project which will be creating lots of revenue for my organization.
I walked into class yesterday and sat down ready to take a quiz I had been nervous for all week. I put my name on the top and the teacher said "Thats it, now turn them all in, this just became an attendance quiz." 
Yesterday afternoon, I received a phone call from a producer at CNN asking me to submit a Town Hall question for consideration. 
I ate a big shrimp salad.
While I was sitting on the couch, my cat jumped up next to me, nuzzled me and purred and purred.
I put together activities for the families in our program who will be coming to the mixer next week. 
Yesterday My son's board exams are got over. we feel very relaxed and happy the way he has done the examinations.
I spent time with my partner.
My sister is coming to town
My little one who is now 8 months for the first time moved forward on his tummy today morning.
Froze an Icee until it was solid, then ate it with a spoon.
My boss came to my desk at 3:45 PM and said, "It's a beautiful day outside, get the hell out of here," and I obliged.
My wife was very nice and made me a nice juicy steak with fries.
I got a congratulation on my work from doing my task very excellent and in good time.
So i was on my way to starbucks and I'm a few minutes away when i realize i have to reload my rewards card with some cash. As i go into the app to reload it, i noticed i still have five dollars left as my balance. That really made me smile.
Watching the newest episode of Survivor with my wife made me happy. 
I get to go to work for some easy overtime
I ate out at a nice Chinese restaurant with my family.
My happiest moment was when I gave birth to my son. After nine long months of waiting to meet him, at last that day came. I was just so happy.

I saw the movie, Split.
I played board games with friends.
I finished my first duathlon today!
Made some chili from the crockpot I recently purchased
My friend told me that she appreciated how I was there for her during hard times.
The weather was nice for the first time in several days and I was able to grill some food outside.
I was happy last night when my girlfriend and I went out to dinner to a new pizza place. The food was great and we plan on going back there again soon.
My cat was following a bug that was in our house this morning and it made me laugh.
After finishing a work week early and then being able to enjoy the last day with co-workers by mostly just taking it easy and having fun (thankful for a great supervisor) is certainly a happy time.
the happiest moment in my life
the happiest moment in my life is when
im with someone special,shes been in my life
for almost 6years.whenever im with her i felt
complete,yes it may sounds weird but it is true.
I got drinks with a friend of me last night for a few hours.
Went to my favorite pizza joint last night and gorged on coal brick oven pizza.
my memorable day is my school days. i enjoy  a lot with my school friend 9 and 10 class ..we sitted in last bench. we don't no any about subject i always be failed in all exams. but last time in 10th i am passed .so surprise for me. so i finally passed....
well happy in my life in happy describel in m life Would your current boss describe you as the type of person who goes that extra mile Give us an example of a situation where you faced conflict or difficult ... Tell me about a special contribution you have made to your employer. ..... stress of being yelled at and gave him what he wanted, so I'm happy.
The work load at work was minimal which made me happy.
I pooed.
We went to temple and offering our prayers and keeping a promise.
I have a job interview Monday and Tuesday.
I had a long 2-hour phone call with my God mother, whom I hadn't spoken to in a couple of months.
A event which made me happy in the past 24 hours was when I found out how cheap it would be in order to have a traffic ticket dismissed.  I visited an attorney, found out that the ticket would be dismissed, and I wouldn't have to take any action on my part to have the case resolved.  This made me happy because I didn't want to handle it on my own.
the happiest movement is change to person to person and time
to time, as far as regarding my happiest movement is
concerned when i completed my high school, it is definitely
an unforgettable movement for me all my family members was
waiting my result, it was just momentum movement,

Today is our 25th wedding anniversary. But from yesterday onward my kids started planning to celebrate my wedding day made us happy and exciting.
I was playing an online game and I finally changed one of the words to say ebil, which amused me a lot. It's an online game with pixels, almost like capture the flag and it was fun to stealth attack and be funny at the same time.
I had the flu, my fever broke and now I feel better.
Last night I watched Formula 1 qualifying for the Chinese Grand Prix live from Shanghai. It was an exciting qualifying session that went back and forth between Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton and Ferrari driver Sebastian Vettel. There is something about watching some of the most technically advanced cars being pushed to speeds over 200mph that really makes me happy. What makes that happiness stay with me longer is if these cars are engaged in competition, as they were last night.
A friend of mine texted me good news.
Going out to eat and drinking some last night with friends.
I caught from America to Germany.  I was excited, happy and pleased with the professionalism of the people who work in the transportation industry.
I weighed in and lost 2 pounds in the past week.
I ordered a bagel from Panera and they didn't mess up slicing it (last time they cut it in half through the top). The blueberry cream cheese spread that I ordered with it was pretty good too.
I watched one of my favorite movies.
Today we prepared food for poor people which is so delicious I prepared it am so happy to help them
I caught up with a high school friend while I visited home.
Having a good night of rest is something that always makes me happy especially since I have trouble sleeping.
I have a new person sitting next to me at work and she seems to be very nice and mesh well with our team, and I think she's going to get along with us really well, and that makes me happy because my work team is really important to me. 
my lovely girl who presented me a watch on my birthday.
I woke up without being disturbed this morning.
I came from work last night after a long stressful day and made myself a delicious margarita.
Got payment from a client
I went to a job fair yesterday for a specific company. I filled out an application for a specific position and they had me go in for an interview. I got through the first interview and they said that I qualified for a second interview right then in a different room with different people. That was encouraging. I felt the second interview also went well and was very happy about the process and how far I got in the process in just one day. Now I wait to see if anything comes of it.
The rain sounded so nice last night, it helped me fall asleep.
I had sex with my fiance.
Yesterday, I was finally approved on my budget for a major project I've been planning for months. I had to resubmit my budget several times over the past few months and it finally went through yesterday afternoon.
When I woke up this morning, my dog was nestled between my girlfriend and I and looked very peaceful.
I order new makeup on amazon
The moment when I got a job promotion from in my company. After a long time I got a surprise promotion.
 My wife got hamburgers and beers on the way home from work yesterday, so we had a delicious dinner at the end of the week 
i finally got the time to go buy another bottle of mineral water for the water dispenser. 
The car dealer is doing my car repairs for free and saving me a bunch of money due to recalls.
I played a newly released video game modification with a friend.
I knew Saturday was coming up so I was looking forward to a very relaxing weekend with my family.
my kid done a art work by using acrylic painting , it looks nice and she draw the picture in a very good manner. i really happy that i have encouraged her hobby into a good one.
I was really happy when i get to sleep in on a friday
I was informed that I was going to be a great grandmother
I finished drinking my monster energy drink, and realized i still had a cold NOS in the fridge.
My husband has his last day of his job and is starting a new one in a couple weeks.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

I got home safely from my trip and got to see my cats again.
I taught tennis to a group of new students.
I ordered pizza, after weeks of trying to scrape to save for a move. It wasn't much of an investment, but it made me feel less needy.
My wife agreed to have another baby with me after two years of postponing.
I got a new haircut and i really love it 
I had sausage for breakfast.
I woke up and it's going to be a warm sunny day after a period of wind and rain.
At work yesterday, I presented my philanthropy initiative to the culture team and owner of our company. It was received really well and I'm really excited to move it forward.
Having extra money left over between paychecks instead of being down to pennies.
Talking to a friend on the phone about the day and future plans
The sun is shining and there are no clouds in the sky.
I bought a nice steak at a grocery store. 
I got to sleep in today after a long and stressful week.
Seeing the new Power Rangers movies because it brought back so many feelings.
I met up with my step sister for lunch and haven't seen her in six months.
I was so happy when my fluffy, warm, but skittish cat decided to curl up next to me on the bed.
I finally got the house straightened out and in order.
My wife came home after a long day at work. 
I went to shopping with my husband .
My husband used my car to run a errand and filled my tank up with gas for me.
I went to Happy Hour with some friends last night and we had some really good laughs.
In the morning when I was talking with my friend about shopping a new hard disk by Internet to my ps4
I pet the cat.
My friend came over for the weekend.
A birthday is just another day where you go to work and people give you love. Age is just a state of mind, and you are as old as you think you are. You have to count your blessings and be happy.

Drinking my matcha latte first thing in the morning.
I watched a funny movie that made me laugh and it felt good
Well, when I let my dog out. He's always happy and has loads of personality. He just brightens up my day to be honest.
MEET MY FRIEND AFTER LONG TIME
My work paycheck was direct deposited into my bank account.
In the past 24 hr my cousin gave me surprise n came to meet me at my place .i was so happy to see him after 5years .
Today is my anniversary. I woke up and my husband came to me and reminded me. The first words he said to me were "Happy Anniversary, I love you so much."
A pitcher on my fantasy baseball team got the win.
An old friend that I haven't seen in many years added me on snapchat.
I visited Kennedy Space Center for the first time ever.
Getting my lawn mowed for the first time this season.
My girlfriend and I decided to take an early morning trip to Burger King. They server cheeseburgers all day, so I was able to get exactly what I wanted even though it was early.
Went to beach ad enjoyed cool breeze
I have just received my 1st paycheck from my new job yesterday. 
Found avocados on sale at the farmer's market today. 3 for $1!
I had a good performance review at work. 
Having a conversation with my neighbor that I have talked to in quite a while.
Met up with friends I hadn't seen in a few weeks for drinks at a bar. 
When I got off of work yesterday for the weekend.
I went to the park with my wife.  It was very relaxing after a long week at work.
A friend wants to become vegan as well
I found out that I will be an uncle! 
I was happy when my rib pain stopped. I was in so much pain for the last 3 days.
Listening to live music at a bar.
I went for a bike ride.
I got to read to my son and pray with him at bedtime.
My son made a drawing and wrote "you're the best mom" on it.
I had a surprise lunch with my wife
Yesterday was opening day for the Detroit Tigers, and I went downtown with friends and family and we had a blast.
I thought I had caused an expensive error at work. When I discovered it was only a minor error and would not have a huge cost impact, I was very relieved and happy.
My dog played very nicely with other dogs in the local dog park, and was even complimented by another dog owner on his manners.
I am very happy, because I fixed my faucet handle, which was leaking.  I'm thankful for youtube and others for the help, saved me time and the money of not calling a plumber.
Played Cards against Humanity with a group of work friends after a long week. The laughter among colleagues was great. 
My mother in law gave gold chain to my wife in the evening. I am very happy to see that gold chain.
An event that made me happy was I was surprised with flowers.
I went to bed early and got a great night's sleep.
The Atlanta Hawks defeated the Cleveland Cavaliers in a basketball game. 
I received my package of a sleeping bag finally from China and it was as expected. 
I had the apartment all to myself yesterday.
Yesterday marked three years sober for me -- seeing the 'Happy Anniversary!' message on the widget on my phone's home screen when I woke up was very happifying.
I received some much needed medication in the mail yesterday afternoon.
I went to the park with my son and his friend and had a great morning there.
I just booked my first Disneyland vacation and we will be able to stay at Disney's Grand Californian because I found a great special. 
My friend Tom and I went to meet with a new drummer yesterday. He was so good; I was very happy to find a new drummer for our band.
I watched a TV show that was very good.
I finished all of my assignments for the weekend
I finally got around to filing my taxes yesterday to learn I am getting a nice refund. I was amazed and excited all in one and was so happy I just wanted to dance. 
I was received a bonus from work yesterday.
My boyfriend bought dinner for both of us. 
My internet connection went down, and the serviceman came and fixed it for me.  
My boss told me that I am candidate for a job promotion.
Going swimming
Finding a product I had been craving for a long time.  I thought I had to travel far to be able to have this product but ended up finding it in my local grocery store.
Ate awesome Chinese lunch made by my mother-in-law.
My kids were playing in the river near our house. They were having such a good time, their love for water thrills me.
I went shopping for clothes all be myself with no kids for the whole morning.
I took a nap promptly after class.
last night my brother marriage day that day  we celebrate a lot with my family friends and family members,we arrange a party at five star hotel.
when i got to work today i was expecting to have to be on the rescue with this one asshole.  turned out they changed it to a different guy.
I was running low on my dog's insulin especially when a weekend is upon me.  While I probably have enough, I always stress out that I will not make it until the following Monday when the vet re-opens.    I was able to get down to the vet before they closed and get a new bottle.  
I have win a fridge that's why I very happy , I'm very happy it's my first prize that I have won in my life.
I managed to get up early this weekend to do some work.
I just got new glasses which may help me with my migraines and make me see better.
I ordered food from a regular place I go to, something I can only afford to do every week or two, and the ingredients happened to be especially fresh and tasty this time.
I purchased a lottery ticket and won!
My daughter's birthday is coming up and I let her open her gift early. She was very surprised and was really happy with the gifts that I gave her.
An old acquaintance offered to let me have a specialized healing nutraceutical and wait 1.5 weeks for payment.

Hearing Songs It can be nearly impossible to go from angry to happy, so you're just looking for the thought that eases you out of your angry feeling and moves you in the direction of happiness. It may take a while, but as long as you're headed in a more positive direction you'll be doing yourself a world of good.
My old cat, that still lives at my fathers house, recognized me and was happy to see me. 
I went on my morning bike ride with my father.
I was accepted to my college's nursing program!
playing cricket in the ground
I was happy today when I was very productive and got many chores done.  
i had felt very happy in the past 1 day. i have one sister we have recently done her marriage to a doctor. 
Had chinese food with my sister and her fiance.
I found out that I am going to the beach this month.
There are two types of people in the world: those who choose to be happy, and those who choose to be unhappy. Contrary to popular belief, happiness doesn't come from fame, fortune, other people, or material possessions
I had my last day in my current position at work. Although I am sad to leave my co-workers, I am excited to move on. Saying goodbye to everyone was sad and exciting at the same time.
Watched Kong: Skull Island in the movie theater.  
I went on a trip with my dog.
I had nitrogen ice cream for the first time in my city
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
Getting phone calls for my birthday.
I received my animation software that I ordered.
A woman came up to me last night randomly and complemented me out of the blue, I thought it was very respectable and made me feel happy.
I finally saved up enough money to buy several computer components that I had been saving up for for almost a month. 
Yesterday evening i prepared bannana chips for myself for the first time in my home, which came out very good, which really made me very happy.
Find out that daughters class trip to Rome is paid for in full
Hiking to one of my favorite beach and playing in the waves.
I went to my favorite coffee shop on a Saturday morning. 
I got an ice latte.
I got in a great workout at the gym this morning.
I had a small happy moment within the past 24 hours - I bought a website that I believe will help me in beginning my financial success.
I began watching a Great Courses course on The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire and I feel it is a great course taught by a great teacher. 
My husband surprised me by bringing home a movie I really wanted to see. 
My first class upgrade just cleared for my trip coming up.
Bought The Legend of Zelda, Breathe of the Wind for my Nintendo Switch last night. 
I found the only kind of tea that we use on sale for $3.00 where we normally pay $5.99 for a 4 day supply.
My mom told me that she was going to pay for my Bachelor's degree this summer.
I bought my graduation announcements, which makes graduation feel super close! I have one month to go!
Life's beautiful moment of spending time alone in peace and quiet and writing down what's in your heart.every moment of my life is happy because i leave the life in present but happiest moment when achieve in life some new.
Running outside down the street for two miles.
I went to cinema yesterday with my friends.Very happy to watching movies.
My son started to learn how to crawl, and he in infatuated with the dog. The Dog was licking him, so in return my son licked him back. 
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources.
I went to a Korean restaurant with my girlfriend and got buckwheat noodles in soy milk, which made for a great and delicious time.
One of the happiest moment of mine today was when i went for a ice cream treat with my girlfriend. She likes ice cream very much. Even i also love ice cream and was even more happier seeing her happiness and excitement. This was my happy moment.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
I made and ate fruit custard at home.
I watched one of my favorite tv shows in 3D.
Getting my drunk on with my roommates that was fun yesterday.
Saw my friend after 2 1/2 weeks and he looked great! We were able to catch up on a ton of things.
My dog went to the vet and got his last round of puppy shots!
I had a movie with my family.  I am so happy and excited. 
I was expecting a call from my not friend since we had a little controversy. Today I got a call from him. That made me very happy.
I went to a nice restaurant and ordered a chocolate cake with my significant other. Just the time spent doing something nice with someone I care about made me happy.
I visited my brother's workplace. He should me around his entire office campus. I loved it.
went to my favourite restaurant
Completed my presentation and had a nice conversation with one of my group members that I really enjoy talking to.
An event that made me happy was yesterday evening when I spoke to my adult son after he returned from work. He has such a good sense of humor about his job. 
I made some really amazing oatmeal for my kid this morning for breakfast.  It contained brown sugar, strawberries, raisins, and milk.  He loved it and wolfed the whole thing down.  
I found out that I get to watch the first episode of the new MST3K a week early!
My daughter came to visit me after long time
Yesterday I helped my class of special education students release the butterflies we have been watching grow from caterpillars!
Getting my first fare with Lyft. I'm low on money right now and I only have a part time job. 
I visited some friends downtown.
Getting new groceries with a bunch of my favorite foods. 
I dined out with a friend at Japanese restaurant last night.  I haven't seen this friend for a long time so it was very good to see her again.  We talked a lot during the dinner and coffee after and it made me pretty happy.  It is always good to have someone you can talk to freely.
My friend told me he could get me into the show tonight for free.
My father went home after one year overseas.
Everyone works at his own pace, so why compare yourself to others? If you think you're better than someone else, you gain an unhealthy sense of superiority. If you think someone else is better than you, you end up feeling bad about yourself. You'll be happier if you focus on your own progress and praise others on theirs.
Taking a trip to Lake Mead in the morning to go swimming enjoying the beautiful weather with my girlfriend.
We went to see the Ghost in the Shell movie at an Imax theater.
Had a lunch date with family members, An elderly aunt and three cousins.
Hanging out with my friend made me happy.
I patted my dog on the head for 5 minutes straight which made both me and her very happy. 
I had a good day at work yesterday.
I was very happy when I woke up this morning without having my alarm clock set. It is Saturday.
I watched the movie "Moana" and it was very good.  I was singing the songs and having a wonderful time.
Our class had a talent show against upperclassmen and we won 
I got a sale in my new business.
I got to eat my favorite fast food aka Chick Fil A.
Last night I saw an old friend that I had not seen in five years. 
I got a buy one get one free deal at the drugstore when I wasn't expecting it
I slept in!
I went to the market and met a friend there after a long time and I am happy.
We know that sleep helps our bodies to recover from the day and repair themselves, and that it helps us focus and be more productive. It turns out, it's also important for our happiness.Our commute to the office can have a surprisingly powerful impact on our happiness.
It is a beautiful day outside and I went for a walk.
I spent my day in a school, giving a lecture about mongolian music and culture. We had great times, and the kids absolutely loved it, to a point they did not want me to leave at the end of the day.
I got to sleep in today with no alarm clock.
I received a rare card in my favorite iPad game.
What made me happy within the last 24 hours was surprising one of my best friends on his birthday with a surprise bday party.
I went to wawa and I bought a yummy quesadilla which was delicious and filling.
GOT MAN OF THE MATCH AWARD IN CRICKET MATCH
Last night I discovered that my favorite baseball player escaped totally unscathed from an on-the-field collision with another player and that was a relief because he was injured badly a couple of years ago during a game and has just totally recovered from that.
I went on a hike with my boyfriend at the beach.
One event that made me happy was seeing my dad after picking him up at the airport yesterday.
yes i am very happy to my family. 
My very young son started to put on my gardening gloves and offered to help tidy the garden.
While i was walking down the street i found a 20 doller bill besides a trash can.
I was playing with my daughter yesterday and it made me feel really great, because she has this beautiful view of the world and it relaxes me.
I watched my niece play her violin onstage in her elementary school's talent show.
The guy I had a crush on admitted that he had a crush on me back.
My fiance and I went to a brewery last night and sat and talked for a few hours. It was really nice.
Planned a vacation to Philadelphia
I took my child out shopping for some toys that he really wanted.
I heard that the new job my son has is finally working out great for him.
I had a good game night with my friends last night.
A friend of mine went out of her way to come visit me since I have been sick and she brought me beautiful flowers.
I had a great date last night that eded really well!
I got an a on my anatomy test.
I went on an 8 mile run. 
Preparing for an exam. Completed one of the books.
I've waited for over 4 months to find and see a new doctor, and I had my first visit with him yesterday.
The most happiest moment i stil reckon when i came back from the first day of my school, i was so excited and happy to attend my classes and meet with new friends. when i return back to my home. i saw my dad were waiting for me with a glass of juice and that moment made me feel so special so i enjoyed a lot and felt the most happiest moment of my life.
Went to the shopping mall for a small purchase
I took a walk in the rain and bought coffee.
securing a job interview made me happy
This is the second essay in a two-part series about my journey to visit the Taj Mahal. Read the first part for the whole story.

A
GRA, Uttar Pradesh, India -- As soon as my train to Agra leaves from Delhi, I find myself confused again. I'm lying on my reserved upper berth, though most of the train car beds aren't being used and almost all of the passengers are sitting on lower seats. I feel ridiculous, like I'm emperor of my train car, overseeing the rest of the passengers from above. Meanwhile, men pass by below me, offering a mysterious vegetarian curry out of industrial-sized buckets. I motion for one to serve me some on a paper plate, but when I try to pay for the food, he won't accept any money. This is the first time I've gotten anything for free in India. I conclude that the food is going to kill me.

While I'm eating, the train makes a stop and passengers disembark, but the conductor makes no announcements. I can't see through any of the train's tiny lower windows from my upper bunk. I have no idea where I am.

"Is this Agra?" I ask a man sitting below me. I ask as nicely as possible, in an attempt to avoid appearing as a self-righteous train car emperor, shouting questions to my serfs. After all, I remember, Taj Mahal-builder and Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan was overthrown by his son soon after the Taj Mahal's completion. The man below shakes his head and, in Hindi, I think he tells me that we still have a long ride to Agra. Another man walks by selling non-vegetarian food in foil tins. The first shots of an intestinal war have already been fired as a result of my free bucket food, so I decline. As the train chugs toward Agra, stopping at stations along the way, I find myself continuously recruiting new serfs below me to keep track of where we are. By the time I'm halfway through the journey, I have an eighteen year old kid, two Indian soldiers, and a young woman -- none of whom can speak English -- trying to assist me. It's easy to accidentally aggregate helpers on the train; mercifully, Indians tend to be especially protective of clueless Westerners trying to make sense of Indian public transportation. At one point, the two Indian soldiers demand that a teenager move his feet resting on my berth, and the young woman makes food recommendations as buckets whisk by. They're kind of like four Train-Fairy Godmothers. Soon, I fall asleep.

Suddenly, I awake to the sound of four Indians chanting "Agra! Agra!" in unison. I abruptly end my time as train car emperor, jump down from my bed, thank the four of them, and catch a taxi to my Agra guesthouse. Before he leaves, I arrange for my taxi driver to pick me up at 6 AM the next morning to take me to the Taj Mahal.

In the morning, I tell my driver to take me to the East Gate of the Taj Mahal. He promptly takes me to a roundabout near the West Gate instead -- though his "East Gate!" announcement upon our arrival is quite convincing. India's perpetually dishonest taxi drivers always have ulterior (and sometimes mysterious) motives; in this case, he was trying to save gas by taking me to the Gate closer to my hotel and, according to Lonely Planet, possibly collect a kickback from camel and rickshaw drivers sitting near the West Gate waiting to take tourists to the Taj's ticket office. I don't bother to argue with him since there's not much time until sunrise, and I walk quickly to the entrance. Standing in line with about twenty other mostly Indian tourists, I'm surprised to see a lack of Westerners -- I imagined that every white person in India would be flocking to the Taj Mahal.

Finally, the doors open, and I catch my first glimpse of the building considered to be the most beautiful in the world, one whose creator boasted that it made "the sun and the moon shed tears from their eyes." I see the famous white, marble dome peeking through the arch of the Great Gate as tourists hold cameras high above their heads to get their first snapshot. I walk deliberately toward and around the Taj, soaking in the dawn, slowly taking photos from every possible angle. A handful of photographers gather in front of the adjacent Taj Mahal mosque with me to capture the sun as it rises behind it. Everyone is reverent, taking care not to interfere with others' photographs and offering to help take posed pictures. The moment is perfect for the photographer gaggle: mist blankets the Yamuna River behind the structure, and the building looks like it has risen spontaneously from a clouded heaven, a concrete manifestation of nirvana.

The simple presence of the Taj, built as a symbol of eternal love by Emperor Jahan in memory of his third wife who died during childbirth, seems to encourage even rabid photographers to cooperate with each other.

I spend almost two hours touring and photographing the Taj, walking around its walls, admiring the calligraphy on the entrance arch, gazing at the minarets, and touching the intricate lattice screens in the mausoleum interior. I'm just about finished, taking a few final classic Taj Mahal reflection pool photographs from outside, when a beautiful, young blond woman performing playful, provocative poses for her friend's camera catches my eye. Soon, a string of Indian men, and some Indian families too, start interrupting to ask her to pose with them in souvenir photos.

"The Indian tourists seem more interested in your white skin and blond hair than the white marble of the Taj Mahal," I say to her. "I'm pretty sure a lot of these Indian guys are leaving with more pictures of you than the Taj."

She chuckles and introduces herself to me as Sophie, from France, and, quickly, we're trading funny stories of our travels through India. We like each other immediately. We find ourselves chatting in front of the Taj's reflection pool for about a half hour as Indian men gawk at us. But when Sophie and I realize that we're headed in opposite directions -- she toward Amritsar in northern India and me toward Kerala in southern India -- we share an awkward moment during which we realize that this is the one and only meeting of our entire lives.

"Well, it truly has been a pleasure, Hank," she says. Her eyes hold on mine. For a long moment, she doesn't look away. I can't tell whether she's staring at me or at the exquisite reflection of the Taj Mahal in the pool behind me.

She walks past me, in front of the rising sun. Then, she glances back at me one last time, smiles, and then shifts her gaze, once again, toward the world's most beautiful symbol of eternal love.
I was happy that the work week was over and it was finally the weekend.
My wife agreed to vacation to Hawai'i in about 2 years
I went to the bar with friends, I saw my friend get super drunk where he couldn't walk normal anymore.
I accepted an offer to begin a PhD program.
I went out to dinner with a friend.
I finished the first draft of my dissertation proposal and sent it to my advisor.
I was really happy when I received back the proofs for a design that I had sent for my church and the proofs were then praised heavily by my team.
Had passionate sex with my wife.
Today evening I went to friend marriage and have more fun in that marriage that moment feels happy.
A long kiss with my romantic partner makes me feel happy
my little brother walked his two first steps
My credit card with a new design finally arrived in the mail.
I came home from work  and took my kids to the park
I watched episode 2 of attack on titan season 2.
I went out for dinner with my spouse
My cat's blood glucose levels dropping to a normal level, meaning his insulin injections are working.
I had a good shift at work.
I was accepted for a second interview in a big company for engineering. This is a major step for my career.
An event that made me happy was watching the NBA game with some friends. 
Watching Kamen Rider Black
I went to my favorite cafe and got a sandwich and my favorite coffee.
An event that made me happy was going to a Easter egg hunt with my kids 
I rearranged my bedroom. I found that I had so much more room than I did before!
I went dancing.
I was able to give my son a Nintendo Switch for his birthday. He was so excited to be able to play it. 
I got over a cold I'd been fighting the last few days.
My paycheck was larger than usual due to a bonus
Last night I got to volunteer with some of my friends at a comedy club event.
One event that made me happy is that I was able to spend time with my mother watching television. 
I got to work out last night.  I have been trying to get in better shape and my wife watched the kids while I got to work out.  I felt great after my workout and like I accomplished a lot.
I ate my favorite meal at the Cheesecake Factory, it was really awesome.
I was able to share a particularly satisfying episode of the program Rick and Morty, with someone that had never seen it, who enjoy it as well. 
I felt much better when I woke up today.
I woke up without a headache.
Got a new phone today and set it up, got some games on it too!
I was happy when I got pizza at Pizza Hut.
My favorite basketball team was behind most of the game, and they were able to come back and win going away.
I won a game of chess against a loudmouth that thought I had no chance.
I just finished up my first week on my new job. I am very proud of myself for keeping my job and working full time.
I went for a walk with my boyfriend because the weather was nice.
Went out with a few friends from high school
I finally have some alone time away from my partner.
I cooked enough food for the entire next week, and will not have to cook for another 6-7 days.
I went with my good friend to the casino last night I won some money and my friend won also but not much.
When I cracked open my can of NOS Energy this morning all I could do was smile. 
I went to a concert for my favorite band.
Last night I went with some friends to Sonic and we had fun together over some ice cream.
#1 It was Friday and the work week ended.


I got 101 points out of 100 in my socio-psychological class.
buying yarn
I took my dog to the vet yesterday and he is in great health. 
it was friday, so I knew i wouldn't have to go to work the next day.
Just landed my first performance gig as a musician. I've been messing around with electronic music since I last two years. I auditioned for a festival today and I get to be one of the closing acts. I consider this a huge achievement.
I had some great donuts
I went grocery shopping last night so now my freezer is full instead of empty like it was before.
Last night I played a co-operative video game with 2 of my best friends for over 3 hours
Night driving to my native
I got to talk to my Mother-in-law and tell her that we'll be visiting for Christmas.
I saw a movie with my nephew and niece.
I have been preparing to go to a local event called Beaux Arts Ball, which is a fun costume party with DJs at a local venue.
Watching the helicopter take off at the tons of trucks event.
I reieved a package I have been waiting for.
I got to watch a tv show that i was looking forward to watching on netflix.
I was able to repair my phone right when I was going to have to purchase as new one.
Made a delicious meal of lentil shepherds pie for dinner and have lots of leftovers to enjoy
I got fruit smoothies with my girlfriend and then got candy.
Going over to my Mom's house and helping her fix the problems she was having on her computer made me happy.
The first moment that made me happy, during these last hours, was, as always, to see my son in the morning and my mother, in the first place.

My wife prepared my favorite  dish 
I watched a YouTube video a friend sent to me. 
In the last 24 hours I had the opportunity to talk with a long time friend that I had talked to for 47 years. This made me happy.
Today, I purchased a new toothpaste to clean my tooth as well as make my teeth white and that moment makes me feels happy.
Learned that I was going back to a full time FLM (management position) instead of being on a placement list and in a temporary position performing special projects.
I was watching youtube videos and I started watching a music reaction video where someone listens to an album and provides their first reaction. 
I ate a delicious piece of cheesecake.
I am happy that my husband worked fifty five hours this week because that .a lot of overtime that we needed.
I got to watch my niece and nephew.  I do not have kids, and I've been trying to get pregnant for several months, so it was a very happy time to spend time with them.  It made me want to be a mother more, and it made me happy to see how happy and loved they felt.
Yesterday I got to see a friend of mine at school. I met Jared last semester in my Philosophy class and ever since we like to randomly catch up and chat. We decided to grab some beers and pizza at a local bar on campus. We sat there for hours just talking about life, listening to music in the bar and chatting with the bartender. It was nice to see my friend again and it made me feel pretty happy.
A housing problem I had been worried about worked out for me.
I sold a purse for 30 percent more than I paid for it. 
i got to see friends i havent seen in months
This morning I watched my favorite soccer team, Manchester City, win a game against Hull City--plus, my favorite player, Sergio Aguero, scored a goal!
I turned in a grant proposal that I'd been working on for months.
I finally found a copper ore vein in Gnomoria(a PC game) after looking for days.
In the past 24 hours, I was laying on the couch and my cat jumped up to be next to me and started purring. 
This is a great way to sum up the feeling of happiness, it's when everything feels like it's clicking, and it's all in sync. When any part of this equation breaks down, you start to lose the handle on your happy feelings. That's why it's important to always speak your true feelings, and act according to the way you're feeling inside. 
I started exercising! I've been meaning to do that for a while.
Last night, I got to talk to my boyfriend.
Mom and I went out to a primitive shop a half hour from here. They had great prices on household decor items. There was a lot to look at
I helped my son's 4-H club pick up trash on trail near the river.  
I gave myself the luxury of having fade haircut AT a posh salon... Has always dreamt of cutting hair at a costly salon... The wish got done today and I felt very happy...
I received some items I purchased online in the mail and that made me happy.
I sat down at my computer and worked online for a couple hours.
I had a nice large bowl of ice cream with my family.
Not much... Salade Perigourdine full of goodies, a glass of nice red wine from the ... Your personal AI assistant for writing better emails. .... The happiest moment in the last 24 hours was when I reunited with my best mate, Luke, and took 2 ...
It was a sunny day and the view out my window was nice. 
My 4 month old daughter sat on the Easter Bunny's lap, and she looked up for the camera and didn't cry.
Being all alone at home to do whatever it is that I want to.
It rained last night and it made my look like it had just been washed saving me he time of washing it myself, today
I received an Amazon gift package from a work client that was an unexpected surprise. 
I had sex with another girl from Tinder.
I watched Die Hard 2.
I enjoyed a delicious mango smoothie.
I found out I still have 5 free oil changes on my car. 
Had a nice and relaxing evening and gave myself a long needed manicure and pedicure.
I was able to sleep for a longer period than usual.
I didn't wake up hungry today.
An event that happened in the past 24 hours that made me happy, was that it was Friday and I love Fridays. 
I was able to purchase two items for a very low price, knowing that I would be able to sell them later for a profit.
After my class, I went to a friend's apartment and hung out with two of my buddies.
I won a free chicken sandwich from a coke bottle. I was kind of hungry at the time and I ended up buying a coke bottle. They have an event here where if you get matching symbols you win a free item from a choice of restaurants. The nice thing is that I was very close the place I wanted to eat at. So it made me really happy that I won the item.
Yesterday at work, it was only my second say on the job, my trainer told me that I was doing a tremendous job grasping the concepts of the job and that I was the only one in a long time to be doing as well as I was on the second day. 
I made a big bowl of oatmeal, for a late night snack.
I got drunk with my neighbor and laughed all day.
When I went to take a nap my dog came and got in the bed right beside me and would not move.
I ordered a pizza and it arrived at my house in only twenty minutes, which made me super happy because I love pizza!
I woke up today and I am alive
I got Comic Con tickets for Saturday!
My dog and my cat were playing together. I just got a puppy and my cat is 13 years old. 
I watched an inspiring video by Sal Khan.
I had a great time spending time with my son.
On a early morning walk, I noticed that many of my neighbors were also doing so and engaged in pleasant conversations with them.
My boyfriend and I spent the morning at a nursery picking out plants for our garden.
I talked a friend in to watching my favorite tv show, Wentworth.
I met up with some friends and went out for some drinks.
I found a new band that I really enjoy.
I hung out with my friend and helped him move some stuff to his new house.
I got some Flonase for my lingering cold.
I went for a run. 
My favorite soccer team won this morning in the English Premier league
Something that made me happy today was buying a new bed.
I played an old game and just by hearing its music it brought a huge smile on my lips and brought back great memories.
I saw someone propose.
I met with my high school friends and enjoyed a lot.
I was able to pass a test to get my TESOL certification.
I had been sitting outside a safeway in Santa Clara. I had just arrived there to wait for someone. Not even 10 minutes had passed, and this gentleman had gone inside and bought a box of breakfast biscuit/cracker things and offered it to me. 
My granddaughter pregnancy
I was happy when my kid was extremely excited at the Easter egg hunt.
I bought chinese food which I've been craving all week!
My friend enjoyed the class I had invited her to. 
Playing with my grand-daughter she stops and says, "Grandma, I love you," made my heart sing.
I got my car fixed and it did not cost as much as I thought
I discovered that the Apple Clips application came out on the iPhone. This event made me happy when I told my mother she could finally start recording videos on her phone like she has always wanted to due to her love of watching Youtubers.
I earned a surprise visit from a family member I had not seen in ages.
I had a fabulous lunch at a nice restaurant.
Husband let me sleep in late.
Me and my girlfriend went to the zoo.
My friends got together to wish me a happy birthday, it made me feel good to have such nice friends.
Something that made me happy in the past day was my three year old son showed me he could count, with just a few errors, to fifty.
I made an offer on a house and we are now under contract.
Our homes are an extension of who we are: what we do within the walls of our abodes shapes our mood, affects our productivity, and influences our outlook on life. Scientific studies have shown that we can have an impact on our happiness by adjusting the tiny little habits and routines that constitute our daily lives -- we are, in fact, in control of our outlook on life.
Started one of my final research papers this morning.
I finished a programming assignment.
My favorite basketball team won a game.
I got to sleep in this morning for the first time in weeks.
I went to the museum of science and industry
Me winning the halo 2 tournament at my high school in 2005.
I got some really good games I've been meaning to play for a while.
I received a thank you message from a client at work.
Sleeping in until noon today since it's the weekend.
Going out on a nice long walk with my boyfriend. This event lasted approximately one hour. It made me happy because it was such a nice day out an we got to spend time solely with each other, talking and enjoying each others company. 
Yesterday, I woke up to a phone call from an HR employee at a company I just applied for. They were calling me for a second interview. It's for a job that I really want, so it's super exciting.
I ordered a Cinnamon Dulce Cappuccino at Starbucks, and it was delicious.
My 9 month old son was laughing so hard at our dog, and it made me happy to see him in that mood.
Eating at Fudruckers
One of my friends gave me a big hug during their birthday celebration.
I got a hug from a friend, and they told me how much I mean to them.
I was able to do something nice for my significant other that made him happy.
I got new insurance, so I was able to get a new pair of glasses. 
Drinking my coffee on the porch in the warm spring sunshine.
I was losing in an online video game pretty badly but then my team suddenly pulled together and we made an epic comeback to win!
Honestly, I don't have happy moments often. But last night I was fully able to let myself relax and enjoy myself. I was alone and comfortable in my apartment late at night. I turned off the lights, grabbed a snack, and played a video game.
I took my dog to the park and gave her extra treats because it was her birthday.
Reflecting on my 7-hour long drive today where I not once got upset at other drivers. 
Last night I quickly and successfully replaced the torn screen on the patio sliding screen door.
I returned home from being away for a day and saw my dog.
Went I came home from working all night, and my dog met me at the door and was really happy to see me!
My husband made a great dinner of homefries and eggs at my request
I talked to my mother on the phone for a while.
We had bacon for breakfast. 
We took our kids to the park to play.
made love to my wife
I had the opportunity to talk a fellow Hindu convert over Google Hangout.
Went to an aquarium and touched a stingray.
I went and had dinner with my grandmother.
I came home to a clean house last night because my girl cleaned it. 
I just had a haircut today and I'm feeling fresh.
I got to participate in a fun game on mTurk which earned me money at the same time.
I got to walk around the Farmer's Market this morning holding the hand of grandchild no. 1 and with grandchild no. 2 strapped to my chest.
What made me happy was when I helped fixed other people's computer issues.
I learned a new thing
I was at the doctor's office and I made a joke about finally seeing the knee mallets that I would see in doctor tv shows.  The doctor seemed amused and it made me happy.
I woke up to fantastic good morning sex.
Kids made newspaper (in print and online) for art projects. 
I was happy today because I was mowing the yard and listening to music. 
I got my paycheck. 
Had a tasty cake slice at a new bakery.
I visited with my best friend who I haven't seen in a long time. 
I was last happy last night when I went to visit my 90 year old grandma. I sat with her and talked with her. It made me happy to see her happy. 
The holidays begin, and I return to my home family.
My supervisor started me training for a promotion I've been hoping for at work.
I was able to help out a good friend by hosting his family for a day in my home.
I order a pizza from a local pizza ship that I never had before, and it was delicious.
I cleaned up the backyard. 
Sleeping in this morning with my girlfriend made me happy.
I went to an event where I had cultural music from my home country, I went with my family.
It's not a huge deal, but I was able to be tired at 6:30PM yesterday, which meant I was able to fall asleep and get enough rest to be well rested to get up at 5 this morning.
(This is regarding a new job, which I'm about two weeks into)
Yesterday, mid-day, I was supposed to have a phone meeting touching base on a project I was working on. I had sent the project thus far, the night prior. Thinking the individual I was supposed to be chatting with would glance over, and then give feedback when we had our call. Instead, the feedback was GLOWING! He praised me for really going above and beyond for [my] client. The call was not even necessary.
I finally finished a pile of work that was hanging over my head, incomplete.
I had a course yesterday that tought me things in my career.
I was happy to learn that Jesse Dayton was putting me on the list for his show tonight, since he sometimes forgets.
I found a dress at Sears that was originally $90 and I only paid $47!
When I got back from class, my dog greeted me with excited and playful kisses.
I finished reading a long book.
I was happy that it was the first day of summer 1/2 Fridays.
I attended a concert given by my wife, who is a professional musician.
working out this morning.
The most memorable day of my life is the day is yesterday, this events happen that becomes an unforgettable memory for me and which teaches me such lesson that becomes one of the basic guideline in my life. The event that I experienced which taught me a valuable lesson happened and Now I feel so happy.
I was able to go an amazing concert last night. It was the best concert I've ever been to in my life!!!
I got a few more responses to a poll a posted on social media.
I learned that I was able to make my schedule fit
I had dinner with some close friends. 
I cleaned my apartment.  It looked really clean and I was proud and happy of a job well done.
My wife gave me a massage.
I watched an episode of Iron Fist with my friend.
I created vision boards and drank champagne last night.
I was happy to have dinner with my girlfriend's family because it is always fun and eventful.
I had a talk with a friend about something that had been bothering me, and it went okay.
I was happy to help my mom in fixing the foot pedal on her sewing machine so it wouldn't slide forward while she sewed.
I played on a dart league and we won all of our games.
We made a family trip to Door County today. 
I drank a marzipan flavored latte and it was surprisingly delicious.
I came home from work yesterday and my puppy was howling with happiness to see me.
I was praised at work for a job well done on a project i did. 
My time watching my beautiful Great Nephews came to an end of Spring Break, I am so exhausted but had a fantastic time being with them!
I found out from my parents that I will be getting a large tax refund this year. 
Last night I played in a board game tournament and won first place.
I took a wrong turn on the way to the mall and found a park with a lake full of swimming ducks.
My husband and myself went to our neighborhood association meeting. It's always a fun meeting and even better that my husband came along.
I weeded out for the first time this year.
I got invited to see a movie tomorrow.
I enjoyed a delicious dinner that was compatible with my diet and which tasted just like the version of it that is not compatible with my diet.
My cat was trying to headbutt and cuddle with me while sleeping.
Went for a delicious snack at a local pizza shop.
I had an event recently happen where a person was very nice to me and very polite. I felt that it was much appreciated to be complimented on job performance that I did.
I celebrated my 14th wedding anniversary with my husband.
Yesterday a friend and I watched a funny movie called Pineapple Express. 
One event that made me happy was going swimming. 
My nephew was able to figure out how to blow out the candle on his birthday cake for his second birthday.
My co-workers and I were laughing about some things that had happened to us together this year.
When I went to Chase bank yesterday afternoon to get some money out the ATM, there was a line of 3 people waiting to use the ATM. As, I waited in the line there was this caucasian man who was about 50 years old walking up to the bank. Well, the ATM is outside so he was just walking up to go inside the Chase bank. I looked over to him to see him smiling at me. Then he told me, " Hello, How are you doing today?" I said, " Hello I'm good and how are you doing?" He still had a smile on his face and told me, "I'm doing good, it's a nice day today." I agreed and he walked into the bank. As he was coming out he smiled at me again and waved good bye and said, "you have a nice day." I smiled and waved back and said, "same to you." That moment made me so happy, that this random man could come you to me and smile at me and actually hold a brief conversation with me. That man was the best part of my day. 
 
The Atlanta Hawks beat the Cleveland Cavaliers.
Signed up for Marvel Unlimited, that lets me read all the back catalog of marvel comics from over the years. I started reading the new version of the Hulk to my son and he loves it.
I was talking to my uncle about how the present I got him for his birthday was defective. This made me a little sad for him since I wanted it to be a good present. I then decided to talk to him a bit to see if there was anything that he really wanted since I was unaware of anything before purchasing a gift for him. He told me that he really would like to get my old GameCube system up and running again because he really enjoyed playing it. It needed a controller and a memory card, so I purchased both for him. I also purchased a rated M game for him to play, as these are the only games that he enjoys. He was so overjoyed with what I had done and that made me extremely happy. Making other people happy is what makes me most happy.
My husband surprised me with flowers.
My four year old son heard a song he liked and started dancing and I was able to record it on video.
I was able to log into Mturk even though I had not used my account in a long time.
Purchased a new game
Last night my best friend let me rant to her and made me feel so much better about my work day.
It's sunny out today! I'm so ready for nice weather!! 
My best friend went into labor and I got to see her new baby girl!
Our daughter, son-in-law and our two grandchildren came to visit us for the weekend.
I completed my computer science lab yesterday morning and it made me happy because I was struggling on it and finally was able to finish it with a 100%. 
It was taco night at the cafeteria and I got to order fully loaded nachos.
The weather was nice outside and I didn't have to face much traffic on the way back.
My family brought Chinese food home for lunch today. 
Investing in some business this morning 
I was happy that my parents came to visit me and my family today.
I was able to take two of my kids to the store, and the other two were with their dad. It was a very pleasant experience.
when my prediction and analysis become true
I went to the store to get some soda, and not only did they stock the kind I like, but I also happened to get some ice cream.
At work, I was offered a small promotion which would gain me more freedom in the position im in.
We had a soccer game for our twin daughters this morning and they BOTH scored. One usually plays defense and rarely gets the chance to score, but today she took the ball and went streaking down the field and hit a shot in the upper 90. It was beautiful shot.
Meeting new neighbors and finding out that they are really nice.
I ate some really good pizza.
I did 2 beginner piyo workouts (yesterday and today) and feel FANTASTIC! I just started working out again Tuesday and did my 3rd today.
Yesterday I picked my dog up from the animal hospital after a week of not seeing him. I was happy to see that he was excited to see me as well. 
i am happy because its saturday
I played an old arcade game that I really used to enjoy and it brought back feelings of nostalgia.
I went to breakfast with one of my closest friends and chatted about life. 
Helping my dad replace our old floor made me happy.
My wife made me green tea that we bought from Uji, Japan, and it was delicious.
I got out of a speeding ticket.
I was able to go out and spend an evening with my 11 year old and shop for a few hours as well as enjoy a dinner with her. My 11 year old had been out of town for just over a week and I had really been looking forward to seeing her. 
Sitting down and eating dinner with my kids; we rarely sit down and eat together at the same time.
 It may take a while, but as long as you're headed in a more positive direction you'll be doing yourself a world of good.

 Going against your internal system for guidance is a sure way to feel less than perfectly happy. Always strive for a lining up of these three aspects for a happy life.
Enjoying a Fuego iced latte.
I met a retired USMC officer and discussed the options for my son.   
i found a really nice airbnb for a vacation and the owner called and said he was offering discounts, after i had already booked it
  I want to a romantic dinner with my man and a walk on the beach. 
Today was the first nice day in awhile so went outside for a bit.
My wife didnt have to work all day today even though she was scheduled to. Which meant we got to spend the second half of the day together.
Seeing a picture of my friend's parrots. My friend lives in a different city and has been telling me about them. They're super cute.
I took a nap with my cats.
I went prospecting for new clients today and I got 2 sign ups
I was happy leaving work on a Friday afternoon and found sunshine when I walked out of my office building.
I was able to score ticket to Donny and Marie Osmonds show in NM in July.  I am so excited I cant wait!
Seeing my friend perform an awesome dj set.
I watched my 3  year old play his first pre-tball game last night. 
I found my old recipe for butterscotch brownies.
I was praised by my boss for coming up with a new idea to enhance productivity in our workplace. 
Long time  ago I wanted to talk to a person, and this person spoke to me yesterday!!!
My husband brought home dinner as a surprise.
I went for a hike in a valley in Hawaii.
I went to an asian market and bought some interesting and novel candies.
I went to my nieces' soccer game, and they won!
I found my locket with my deceased mothers picture in it.
My husband and I wanted to buy a bottle of rosA(c), but couldn't decide which to try, and then he found one we hadn't tried, from a winery I like, at a good price.
Talked to my friend on the phone
My friend agreed to sell me the cookbook her husband wrote at cost as a gift for my son's wedding.
I loaded up my horses and went to a barrel race
I was able to find a movie I was trying to watch, and it was better than expected. 
I received an unexpected $5 check in the mail! Every little bit counts! :) 
I went for a really nice hike with my girlfriend and her family.
It was a beautiful Spring day and I went for a walk with my husband.
Good morning texts from my fiancee 
I found out the seller on eBay wanted my offer of 20 dollars to buy this skirt.
When i can see my brother at the station, this was very comfortable for me.
I took the night off to relax and watch some television.
Practicing soccer with my team yesterday
I found a good deal on clothes.
I was able to sleep in this morning, and while that might not seem like such a big deal, it was great to finally feel rested after a long week!
What made me happy in the last 24 hours is finding a deal on a patio set for my back yard
I was able to go one more day of soberness since quitting a week ago yesterday
Finally found out they are still selling smari icelandic yogurt at a few target stores and made the trip to buy some. 
I cleaned the car both inside and outside. 
Hearing from an old friend after a while of not talking
I received a bill today for a medical procedure that cost far less than I expected!
I slept in late today and had nothing important to do all day.
My son hit the ball in his baseball game and scored the winning run.
Finishing my first 2.5 mile marathon made me happy today
I had an aunt that made cheesecake and brought it over to me.
I am happy that I learned on my work schedule that I have off 4 consecutive days in a row which has allowed me to drive to my secondary home with my daughter and grandsons for a mini vacation.
My uncle finally got his w2 form from his former employer so I can now finally help him get his taxes done before the cut off date. 
I got accepted the money I asked for.
My dog is potty trained and doesn't pee or poop on the carpet like in previous years 
Today my wife and I went on a bike ride during mild weather.
Spent an afternoon at the vineyards.
I drove down an hour and a half to see my girlfriend. We had a lovely evening together.
I was walking at the nature park and spotted a beautiful barred owl.
I got a call for a job interview after months of putting in job applications.
I was having a problem with my power steering. After thinking it was going to be the $100 pump with 4 hours to replace, it ended up being the $20 hose and about 30 minutes to replace. 
I went to a BBQ festival where they had a pig cooking contest and plenty of other good food.
I went out yesterday night with an old friend that I hadn't seen in 2 months. We went out and grabbed dinner and talked then we walked around for a bit talking before grabbing a couple of drinks at a bar nearby then parting ways.
I went to lunch with some friends.
My husband returned home from a two week long work trip. 
I made dinner for my mother and grandmother.
I tried to make a new dish and it was successful.
My husband and I had delicious chicken broccoli fettucine for lunch.
Sitting outside watching my kids play and have a great time with their friends across the street, it made me really happy to watch them have fun.
I went to Walmart.
I introduced and got along with some new co-workers.
I debugged my computer and figured out the problem.
My new wallet phone case came in the mail today for my new phone!
I saw people who were heading off to vacation at the airport
I went scuba diving today with several friends and we had a great time.
I went to visit my niece and played all day. 
I finished building my magic the gathering deck.
I went out to dinner with my Dad.
I finally got my first harvest from my garden this afternoon.
I met up with a few friends for beers and food until late at night. Since graduating college this hasn't been that common of an occurrence so it was a really nice time.
Went out for a drive to do errands and the sun was shining brightly in a clear blue sky. Flowers are blooming and trees budding. It was SO spring and so beautiful
Second job hunting. i need extra income coming in and things are turning around for me in a good way.
My heart was warmed watching my son play football today.
A girl who makes videos and takes selfies on the internet replied to a message I sent her.
looking at a picture of my nephew, which i've received trough whatsapp
I participated in a march to defend my rights
My boyfriend's youngest son came for the weekend!
My daughters went out to a late lunch with me.
I had a conversation with a friends about what kind of tattoos we want and she loved all of my ideas.
I went to a ballroom dance performance with my friends this afternoon and the performers were amazing.
The past week has been hell, spent working overtime and arriving home at 11PM. So it was a relief to sleep a lot and spend Saturday in bed.
When my fiance cooked me dinner, it made me happy. It didn't even matter what it was that he cooked. It was because he took the time and effort to do something for me. He wanted me to be able to relax and to take care of me in any way he can. He believes all woman should be pampered and is always trying to spoil me and show me how comitted he is to treating me the way a woman should especially since a lot of men have lost sight of the right way to treat a woman.
I went to a dog park with my friend and his dog, and the weather was comfortable.
I made a pan of chocolate brownies with chocolate icing that tasted very good.
I had a job interview in the last 24 hours; I was relatively nervous going in but I got past the first two rounds while I was there and I met nice people who had positive feedback on my whole application.
Today is my Birthday
I helped a friend assemble some items from Ikea today and he treated me to dinner.
I got a camera I ordered and it works great. The pictures looks great.
My baby held her own cup
I won 1200 dollars last night at the casino.
I joined a bicycling club and rode my first organized ride with the group this morning.
In the past 24 hours, I was happy to see so many wonderful HITs on mturk and make some extra money!
I won like 40$ playing keno.

I sang at an anniversary party for an online virtual world.  The theme was Woodstock and I did a set based off of hope and peace that was very well received.
I went out dancing with my roommates at a techno rave.
Watching my son at his birthday party.
My son with a speech delay said I love you to me. 
Having a fancy dinner with my immediate family
Yesterday, I saw the Fry's circular and the canned vegetables are on sale, which made me happy.
I was elated to have discovered an SEO technique that I was not fully applying on my blog.
We had steak for dinner.
I went to a soccer game and it was very fun.
Killed my training session today
Got tickets to a concert I really wanted to go to.
I ate a tasty dinner.
I fixed an electric problem.
A coworker and I had been hanging out more outside of work and she recently included me as one of her friends, and that made me really happy.
I had some Chips Ahoy chocolate chip cookies with whole milk.
I got to sleep early and slept for about 10 hours. 
I was able to go home early from work on Friday evening.
I made a financial goal by the end of the week!
I cooked some pork chops and apples.
Getting a maine lobster roll from a food truck that was at the soccer game it was really good!
Yesterday morning, I was really happy my earnings from a gift card website called Earn Honey was really high after I left it running on my computer over night.
When i saw my bias on the internet and his gif that wink at the screen my heart flitters like millions of times. 
I had a nice dinner with my family
I washed my dirty car.
S and I spent the morning together running errands.
I watched a couple episodes of Flight of the Conchords.
I tried out my favorite dish for the first time and it came out yummy.
I finally figured out how to resize photos for my dad for his auctions on eBay on my newest computer.
My Great Uncle called to check on me and it meant the world to me! 
I made my earnings goal at work. 
I had a really positive interaction with a Target employee -- she was so helpful!
Becoming a firefighter 
I got out of the house and did a sod job
My pet bird landed on my shoulder.
My older daughter is here for the weekend and had a great time with my younger daughter last night
My cats both didn't wake me up wanting foid today.
I got to go grocery shopping and bought lots of great stuff. 
My husband side of family treat me and celebrate my birthday. 
I went to the comic book store and got a good deal on a bunch of comics I was looking for.
My son started his first job this morning.
Walmart gave me a $ 5.00 eGift card because they didn't meet their 2 Day Shipping goal.
I found that by adding a small amount of cocoa to my chili recipe that the chili was even better tasting than usual.
I organised blood for a disabled woman
I had a great meal.
I heard music from my mobile phone.
I stand as the leader on behalf of a large community.
Today i was with my wife went to our relatives  party, and enjoyed a lot.
My friend invited me to a Green Day concert
MY FRIEND PHONED ME TODAY AFTER A LONG PERIOD. WHICH MAKES ME HAPPY.
I measured my self and i lost 2kg,new diet works. 
I was able to leave work early on Friday afternoon because I completed everything on my agenda.
The guy I am going on a date with later tonight sent me several text messages yesterday and this morning telling me how excited he was to see me.
My six year old son drew me a picture of a flower.
Went to movie with my two brothers along  with their families after 6 months.
We went to KFC to have our dinner and we enjoyed it a lot.
My wife prepared my favorite food and gave a surprise.
My husband left for Army reserves drill this morning before I was awake. He left a sticky note on my computer screen telling me to have a good day and that he loved me.
Cleaning up my house after two months of gap. The place now looks spotless!
Talking to friends about a life crisis. It helps to reach out in times of need. I am hurting very bad.
My daughter was able to sit up with my assistance.
Playing with my cats and having them snuggle up beside me makes me smile and feel good.
My wife told a joke that made me laugh.
My boyfriend performed oral sex on me. 
I got work done.
The Tigers won on opening day.
I got to eat a ice cream treat. 
My roommate heard me crying and came in to hug me. 
That we went out to go drinking and I actually got drunk and usually when I get drunk I have extreme problems sleeping but I actually slept very well. I am an insomniac and any deviation in my daily life prevents me from sleeping so I was surprised and feel great this morning.
It was fun going through recent vacation photos and laughing at the memories.
I was walking my dog
I watch my favourite movie on tv
I was able to meet my sales goals for the day on Friday, and for the entire week which means additional bonus monies for me.
My boyfriend cooked me dinner.
I watched a very funny TV show last night.
I finished my taxes and I have to pay in less than I thought. 
My kids told me they loved me first thing. 
I took a nice nap.
My mom texted me to ask me how i was doing 
I got a great plate of fries at the corner restaurant where they normally give me mushy fries.
I took a drive on my motorcycle yesterday, because the weather was very nice.
Yesterday evening I watched a great movie with a friend and laughed a lot during it.
I gave one big bowl of bread crumbs to the birds in my bird feeder.
I reached 1000 hits on Mturk, which will most likely open up more opportunities for me.
Going to the gym always makes me happy. Of course working out and pushing myself isn't always fun an games, but I am genuinely happy when I leave knowing I did my body good and had a great workout. 
Rest for two hours in the afternoon
I went shopping with my girlfriend.
I was able to make progress on my Split contest entry that's due tomorrow.
Finishing my work week on a positive note 
I found a bag of Kit Kats in my cupboard that I had forgotten about.
I played my guitar after lunch.
I watched the Nationals beat the Phillies.
I watched a really good movie last night called John Wick 2, it was a lot of fun and a worthy sequel.
I played world of warcraft  for a few hours
My four year old is very sick with a stomach bug. I had been watching him like a hawk all day and was becoming worried about dehydration and having to take him to the ER. After about 8 hours with no urine output he finally peed and I was so happy I can't even tell you. 
Learned some new things about making more money on MTurk.
I found out that I am visiting Maine next week.
At work, my company thinks highly of me so they are sending me on a business trip to Taiwan.
Woke up to eggs and bacon cooking, god I love that smell.
I met my old friends
We often visit restaurants with friends. Yesterday, we have visited a new barbecue restaurant on my friends birthday party and we have enjoyed a lot with food and drinks. That experience was amazing and made me very excited through out the day. 
I went to the gym with my husband and it was a pleasant experience because it wasn't crowded at all on a Friday night.
i was attend in project via,i so very fear and nervous.before i am really happy and enjoy.i am very lucky in my family and friends.
My husband woke up and started to rub my stomach near where the baby is. 
I ate the best steak dinner at my nephews birthday.
After spending an hour on the first computer issue, I successfully completed another computer task after another hour's worth of work.
My family told me they are proud of me.
I planted some flowers in pots at my balcony.
I had pizza for dinner.
Yesterday i attended one day yoga class training program and i learned a lot about yoga and i was very happy that moment to execute my basic yoga.
We got dinner from our favorite Chinese restaurant. 
My dearest friend has cleared her GRE exam with good score. Soon she will be leaving India to make her career dreams come true and live with her love of life who stays abroad.
I helped my relatives by lending them some money 
I was happy to get a phone call from my brother.
My wife and I went out to eat and we had a good time.
I had only 3 cigarette yesterday.
I got a 90 on my French exam. This means a lot to me because it means I am doing well in the class and as a student.
I went to my favorite Italian restaurant.
watching movie 
Noticing flowers on the trees during a walk to the post office.
My happiest moment was when I gave birth to my son. After nine long months of waiting to meet him, at last that day came. I was just so happy, and its unexplainable!
I went to the beach
MY HUSBAND PRESENT A GIFT FOR MY BIRTHDAY.
Watching a movie
Have a sick kid and we ran out of Dayquil so I walked up to the gas station that is about 
I was able to take a 2 hour nap which is nearly impossible due to working more than 50 hours per week because of the Friday I took off.
There was a new episode of my favorite podcast about one of my favorite conspiracy theories.
cleaned some of my garden tools even though I've already used a few but spring is finally here so this was fun.
I slept in later than usual this morning.
My partner and I has been enjoying our time together lately. 
i went to a bakery with my husband for some pastries and coffee. 
I made plans to go out next Sunday with a friend.
I bought a large bag of coffee that should last me a month. 
I was able to make a great tasting dinner for my family.
We had some really awesome chicken tonight.
I went to visit my parents for the day at their home.
I recovered a friendship and made up with a friend whom I had a huge fallout with a few days ago. I've known this person for so long and I am glad we were able to over come the issues we've had instead of losing them and each other. 
My family
I ordered breakfast pizza from my favorite gourmet shop this morning.
I received a surprise phone call from an old friend who was in town on business and we agreed to get together in a couple days for dinner.
I saw the relief on my girlfriend's face when she realized we wouldn't have to ask family and friends for rides anymore.
I woke up with all my body parts functioning well
I received some fun new outfits in the mail.
Getting a project on track
My husband and I went shopping
I woke up on time for work yesterday.
The rain came and cleared up all the pollen out of the air.
A girl that I'm fond of texted me today, and we had an amazing conversation.
Seeing a friend and getting a ride home with her, catching up on her life.
I spent time with a good friend.
When I went out to eat with my friend he took it upon himself to pay for the meal and the drinks.
I finished all my work last night, so I would have the whole weekend free.
All my family members give me surprise party on my birthday party occasion early morning its a happiest moment for me
My dog was finally able to do some tricks that I had been teaching him for weeks.
i was happy last night when i played a board game with friends and i won. 
I swam with my grand children.
I finally got around to throwing out my old couch.
I talked to my dad on the phone and he told me he was proud of what I have accomplished in my life.
Sat outside in the sun.
I bought 2 movie tickets for this weekend.
My daughter won her volleyball tournament
Looking at my bank account and realizing that my HIT balance transfer finally made it to my account made me happy.
Watching Seth Smith hit the go ahead homer for the Orioles.
The weekend has started :)
I went to Ihop for breakfast this morning.
I finished a hard level on Candy Crush that had me stuck for a few days.  
I got paid. Yay! I have been waiting on this paycheck.
Sleeping in and just waking up this Saturday morning. 
Had a nice authentic mexican dinner.
I was able to sleep in today.
I finished work on Friday and get to enjoy the weekend.
Got up early and went hiking.
My toddler tried to hug the cat. 
My son went with his grandma & his father & I had a fantastic day together alone
I caught my daughter's cats snuggling with her after she fell asleep.  They're fairly skittish so it's a rare thing.
Had waffles with my sister
I went grocery shopping and filled the house with so much food. 
I got off work knowing that I had the weekend off.
When I got home my dog hadn't puked all over the house (he has been sick these past couple days).
I got a call from my friend as I was driving home after work.
I worked out for the first time in over a week. 
Had a new type of donut.
I reconnected with a long lost family member.
It made me happy to watch the movie Wolverine Origins again today.
I got off work an hour earlier than usual. 
I found a guitar cable I thought I had lost.
I submitted a grant proposal.
My boss stopped and got her lunch on the way back from a meeting and she got me some too.
Spending time with my husband makes me happy. 
I won a television in a quiz contest yesterday, so happy.
I received a full night's rest and woke up to an actual breakfast of fried eggs and coffee, compared to the protein bar I usually have at work.
I was very last night when my son kiss me
My favorite team, Tottenham-Hotspur beat Watford 4-0.
A happy event that happened to me was coming to North Carolina last night to see family. I missed them. 
My husband took me out for lunch after the interviews.  We eat out nearly 1 every three months is all.
My son got a home run at baseball practice. Though it was just practice, it made him very excited.
First time we took our son in public transport , a bus and he was so excited.
I played with my kids outside after my son got home from school.
We got a project approval from one of our client for which I have been waiting for quite some time now.
I had my largest MTurk cashout yet at just over $10.
I ate mint chocolate chip ice cream.
Relieved that we will stop spending savings as the wife will be working soon.
I spent a pleasant evening with my son.
Another event that I enjoyed yesterday was playing a game of "water pong" with some cousins and my younger brother.
My son is on Spring break! YEAH! 
My kids and I went to the park and played and had a picnic.
My mom was being hilarious this morning
I had the house to myself for a few hours and got to relax.
45's approval ratings hit an all time low.
my happiest moment is when i passed 10th class that moment and that day i never forget in my life because i never been in that situation before and also that was the first step towards in life and also towards goal.
Cooking with my mom.
I started to organize my Pokemon cards to sell online; I put them into penny sleeves and then top holders.
What made me happy today was taking a shower. 
When I got lost in another city, the bus driver took 5 minutes of his time to explain directions to me. 
I discovered I had played Persona 5 for eight hours straight, and so I was clearly enjoying it.
Ate a hot pastrami sandwich for lunch.
I had dinner with a great friend of mine last night.
My grandmother went to the heart doctor yesterday afternoon and from what they could tell everything seems fine.
I walked by a pet adoption booth downtown and pet some of the nice puppies that they had.
I went to my office after 3 days.
I went out with some friends last night to the bar and had a great time.
Today being saturday, I and my husband as usual go to buy groceries. Today there was a Lucky dip in the store and when they announced my name , I was at the top of the world !
I made and wrapped my third hula hoop successfully, with a really cool wrapping pattern and a size that's more advantageous for arm tricks. 
Eating pizza with my friend.
I had a very good nights sleep.
I spent an hour on the phone last night, speaking to an old friend whom I'd not talked to in a few months.
I got some work done even though I was busy doing other things.
I was happy when I ate a donut from Dunkin Donuts.
Another friend, not in the original group of friends also offered to help me out and it was such a surprise that it made me even more happier.
I found out that my ex girlfriends boyfriend cheated on her like she did me.
My dad surprised me with chocolate which made me happy.
I had lunch along with my wife. She was very happy about it. 
I watched one of my favorite movies I Robot. 
I helped my co-worker ,she has to make a long report and I helped her to make them fast.
My kitty Sugar came to visit me and loved ones me this morning. 
I watched a movies with a friend.
Taking time to do something fun just for me while running errands (stopped at a store I like). 
I was approved to adopt a new puppy!
Watching my favorite Saturday TV shows
I spent time with my girlfriend.
I hung out with a friend and his son, we walked around and played in a park. 
I was very happy to have woken up and watched a That 70's Show marathon and drank coffee all morning.
A friend of mine texted me asking if I was OK because he knew I've been going through hard times.
I coached my daughter's softball team's practice and I always enjoy that so much!
I looked at the forecast this morning and it will warm up today and be even warmer tomorrow.
My daughter found out that she received a scholarship for college.
I was happy when I ate free pizza for dinner that didn't cost me any money or time to prepare.
Skating with friends then grabbing drinks afterwards at the bar.
I learned that a new line of Pokemon stuffed animals would be released, and as a collector, I was very excited.
Got promoted at work. 
My dog came to cuddle me in bed this morning.
 My car got fixed and under an hour when it was supposed to take three hours to fix. 
A romantic prospect that had cooled picked up again.
My dad went to the grocery store.
Having Taco Bell for dinner. 
Cleaned up around the house.
It Is really nice out today.
I found three dollars in my pants pocket before I put them in the washer. 
I finished up all my day errands earlier than I expected.
As usual, this HIT is one of the things that me happier than I was five minutes ago.
A meeting I was dreading got canceled.
Eating eclairs with my little brother that my girlfriend made for us.
I shot a very tight grouping of arrows while practicing archery.
Big Dad received a second letter from Emily! (I'm Big Dad)
I got in touch with a friend and we had a nice time catching up on stuff.
I made chicken curry for dinner.
Going to bed with a clean house made me feel happy to know that when I wake up in the morning, I don't have to clean and that there won't be a mess waiting for me. 
I had Bible study yesterday, and it was incredible
This morning had a cup of coffee, and played the guitar for a while before everyone else woke up.  Very nice.
Today I cleaned my house in less than two hours, which is a good rate!
I played some tennis and did well despite not having the optimal gear.
I m very happy when i see read that international rates of petrolium is decresing.
I picked up my younger sister from the train station which made me happy as I dont see her that often. 
I was able to find time to change the bunny cage!
I ordered groceries online to be delivered.
I was told that one of my friends did well on his assignment for class.
A plot twist I predicted would happen happened in a work of fiction.
I found cheap flights for our summer vacation, for under $1000 for all five of us!
I overslept this morning and still made it to work on time
Lying in bed and as I'm waking up my dog rolls over and wants to cuddle and play. He is usually my "protector" so even though I can always pet him, he isn't always down to cuddle. It's nice to see a "macho" dog be silly and fun. 
I went to the grocery store and got a lot of groceries.
Finding money in your pocket that you forgot about makes me feel happy, 
Waking up early and realizing you have hours to sleep Makes me feel happy, Listening to a favorite song on repeat makes me feel happy.
It made me very happy to score three goals playing soccer with my friends.
I cuddled with my puppies
My boyfriend made more coffee after finishing the last of what was there.
Going for a run at the gym
I fulfilled my craving for greek meze and felt better.
A friend and I went out for a delicious lunch and a funny, enjoyable movie.
Found a food truck that had a cookie dough cup while walking through my work complex. Pretty good caramel pretzel cookie dough. It made me happy for a while, though I count my calories, so not for very long.
My dog was really cute this morning
Won a bet and made $20
I bought a tasty sandwich for lunch at a reduced price.
My husband finally fixed the vacuum cleaner.
I got to give someone good news and hear her reaction.
Another event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to go out to dinner with my girlfriend and try something new.
Read a great joke on reddit.
we have invited guest to our home.we had a nice chat after many years finished our lunch.our friend enjoyed lunch very well.then we had ice cream had a nice talk about the past years we have spent together and played cards.we went out for shopping in the evening.
A friend invited me to go see a show.
I made a work-related goal for myself.
I went on a hike with my dog and watched a beautiful sunset from the top of the mountain.
I went out to dinner with some co-workers last night.  It was nice to get out of work and have some drinks with some friends.
My sister brought home my favorite cereal, Lucky Charms!
Finishing cleaning the downstairs.
I went to the gym this morning to work off those drinks I drank.
Watching my favorite TV show.
Making a great dinner. I love to cook, so when I experiment in the kitchen and it comes out well I'm pretty happy.
I have no money, no resources, no hopes. I am the happiest man alive.
Went i return home from work in the evening, my wife was waiting for me and gave me a very pleasurable kiss.
I went on a run in my neighborhood.
I chatted with a friend that I had not talked to in a long time.
My wife had a c-section, and did just fine.
My daughter cooked breakfast this morning.
Watched Baseball for the first time this season 
Seeing my baby sister for the first time in a month.
I finally had to chance to watch the movie Rogue One. 
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest moment in my life..
Last night I went to the movies to see Kong Skull Island and I had popcorn and candy.
A bought a new pair of headphones
Was able to buy my new iPhone today. 
I went outside for a walk.
Going to take my niece to see the easter bunny soon for the first time.  Super excited
I read the news that we fired tomahawk missiles at a Syrian air base as a response for their chemical attacks on their people.
There was a super offer in the mall, the things i purchased was in offer and almost it costed me for 90% off.
I got off work really late and went straight to my bed and laying down in the comfort of your own bed after a long day at work will always be amazing.
My state chemical dependency board approved me to sit for an exam that will grant my independent licensure. 
I spent time with my dad.
My little great nephew ran up to me and gave me one of his toys.
I finished filing need forms that I was trying to collect for weeks. 
As my son finished his exams we went to a hill temple situated next to our town which brought us happy and mental relaxation.
I played a really good video game. 
I am going to see my sister for the 1st time in 15 years
I had made chicken biryani, today afternoon for the first time and it turned out really delicious.
Found out there was a bird nest, with baby birds, in the planter next to my neighbors door. The baby birds were so small and cute.
Since I got off work early, I used it as an opportunity to go see "Get Out" at a local movie theater and really enjoyed it.
I saved a client of mine over 1000 on their home insurance.
I buy a six pack of my favorite beer Blue Moon.
Finding some leftover allergy medicine from last year dos i didn't have to go to the drug store today.
I hit platinum IV on League of Legends.
I am making some extra money
I went for a hike at a close mountain.
My happiest moment in my life for my 28th birthday my daddy presented me a new smart phone surprisingly date day i was so exited....i can't forget date day in my life, date was my family first surprise given by my daddy..rest surprise given by my daddy..
I got free pizza and cookies, in my club meeting.
I watched the entirety of Pharrell's new 24-hour music video "Happy"--on mute, in 2-hour chunks, over the course of several days; that is how I am still alive.
I got to eat taco bell for lunch, and I love taco bell.
Walked around my neighborhood for a hour.
The guy I like sent me a funny text.
We were having an issue with a leaky roof and the company who previously repaired it showed up very quickly to get it fixed.
When I finished writing my 1400 word essay for my literature class and turned it in, I was happy.
I read a funny article about baseball and it made remember some older players.
Seeing the first signs of new life with sprouts appearing for Spring vegetables that were planted is always a joyous experience!
it is funny how big of an impact she have on me. it's been a
year i thought im already over with her, but im wrong.so wrong.
I listened to an acoustic live concert by Rise Against from the BBC.
Got to sleep in this morning and didn't even have to set my alarm.
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest  moment in my life..
good in my life is good in Joe Polish asked ... Instead of full-on meditation, Tony has a morning routine that includes ... What few things matter most during .... That's because cold water triggers a wave of mood-boosting neurochemicals, which make you feel happy. in my life is 
Working out last night after work made me happy. I got to accomplish what i needed to do for myself
My boyfriend pooed
All family members had lunch together after a long time.
I bought a canopy and mattress for my tent.
After many nights of restlessness, I finally had a full 8-hour night's sleep without waking up once.
I received an email from a company that I applied for stating that my application had been rejected.  A hour later, I got an email from the recruiter stating that my application has been re-considered.  This event made me happy because it was such a relief that my interview wasn't withdrawn.
my memorable day is my school days. i enjoy  a lot with my school friend 9 and 10 class ..we sitted in last bench. we don't no any about subject i always be failed in all exams. but last time in 10th i am passed .so surprise for me. so i finally passed....
To my wife's surprise yesterday I went alone for the 1st time to buy a jewel for my wife to give it today on the occasion o our 25th wedding anniversary  which was thrilling and happy 
My daughter gave me a hug and a kiss and told me that she loved me before she got on the school bus in the morning.
I discovered I have in my possession a 1st Run pair of popular jeans.
While driving my nieces to school yesterday afternoon the song "Starving" by Hailee Steinfeld came on the radio. That song is a guilty pleasure of mine and I secretly enjoy hearing it. When It came on over the speakers in my car my nieces in the backseat immediately started dancing and asked my to turn it up. My 5 year-old niece declared, "I really love this song!" It was fun to share that with my nieces and put a big smile on my face.
My wife is feeling good,  everything fine at her job.
Spending time with family in the morning and enjoying the day made me happy.
Me and my daughter went to Paris.  I went to another country and saw one of the most amazing landmarks in the world.
My sister took my family out to a surprise dinner at Chilis.
Yesterday we went to birthday party. It was great . I feel very happy to meet my old friend
I talked to my mom for her birthday and she said she's going to visit my husband and I in our new house for the first time.
My mom gave me a gift that was thoughtful.
After we gave food to the poor we went to movie beauty and breast it too good movie and I ate ice cream too its too good
I went to get brunch with my mother in my hometown while I visited home.
The start of reading a new book is exciting.
I found a piece of the Oreo pie that is really hard to find and is particularly delicious.
my first month salary credited for my first assigned project work.
I remembered I had an appointment today.
Had a great workout at the gym this afternoon.
Studied today after a long time
I have been doing some painting on canvases and whenever I finish a painting I post it on Facebook for my friends and family to see. Since I am just a beginner and I like my paintings, I think it is fun to show them to others. Yesterday, someone who is a friend asked me if I ever sold any of my paintings. I told her that since I was just a beginner and painting just for my own enjoyment that I had not considered selling any of them but if she was interested in a specific one to let me know. She then proceeded to tell me which painting she would like to buy, we agreed upon a price and she bought it! I was very happy! She even paid me through Facebook Messenger which I had not known that was an option until then.
I didn't realize it was Friday, so that was a nice surprise.
My fiance and I laughed at a phone recording of her voice.
Last night I was able to spend some quality time with some close friends playing video games online. We haven't had much time to play together lately and it felt nice to catch up and relax doing something we love. 
My girlfriend went and picked up coffee for us while I laid in bed. 
My baby started rocking on his hands and knees.
The moment when I met old friends in a get to gather party. It was one of the happiest moments.
 My kids slept a little later than usual for a Saturday, so we all woke up feeling pretty well rested and in good moods 
i installed a new operating system on one of my laptops and its working reall well. 
Today I found out my car insurances is lower by about 30 bucks a month.
I went out for dinner with a friend and ate good sushi.
I didn't have to wake up early this morning. I got a lot of rest.
My husband brought fruits for me and it is really surprised me because he without request he won't buy groceries or fruits but today he did that. That is a happy thing and surprised one also.
I was happy when i finished my work project
I experimented with making peanut butter and it turned out great
my mechanic told me my truck needed a few hundred in repairs to pass inspection, but hed help me find cheaper used parts to make it more affordable.
My husband is off from Spring Break for the next week.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.

I talked to a friend I hadn't to in a while.
I played video games with my best friend growing up.
I got a really good night's sleep. Stretched out, and I really rested. I feel great!
My supervisor at work commended me for a job well done.
My boyfriend gave me a dog fir our second year anniversary. 
I took my dog for a walk.
The wonderful smell of wort coming to a boil as I brew beer.
My yoga class was really relaxing. Even through I'm still learning how to do it properly, I felt revitalized afterwards.
My two year old gave me a hug and told me she loves me, which is a rarity.
Being at work with my favourite co-worker, it just meant there was a lot of interesting talks and laughter that took place as well as work.
I had a really well made breakfast.
I did not set an alarm to wake up and instead let myself sleep in.
I was able to meet up with friends last night after work for a few drinks
Going on a date with my boyfriend to our favorite food place.
I ate sushi.
Using my instant pot to make a fast, easy, satisfying dinner my family will love makes me very happy.
My favorite flower started blooming.
I spent 20 minutes on the elliptical while listening to high-energy music, generating a lot of sweat and endorphins; I was particularly pleased because initially I felt a bit sore and tired, and didn't know if I would make my 20-minute goal. 
Talking with my old friend .
My daughter brought home her report card and it was straight A's.
I walked to Starbucks with my friend this morning. It was so nice to be active and spend time chatting. 
In the afternoon when I bought a dessert as a gift from a friend 
I listened to music.
I discussed some current news with someone and managed to present a good enough argument that they were persuaded to agree with me.
I fixed my hair to look how I like it.
I love all dots. I am married to many of them. I want all dots to be happy. Dots are my brothers. I am a dot myself.

Saw my wrinkles less defined this morning.
I worked out this morning, so it was a productive Saturday morning and I feel better.
When I checked my inbox and notifications. I've been getting a lot of support for my business.
I WENT  COUSIN MARRIAGE
I watched a funny Dave Chappelle comedy special on Netflix.
In the past 24 hrs I went for a shopping with my friends n did lots of shopping with a good deal n stock was also new n I was happy to shop 
Yesterday was my grandmother's 87th birthday. I took her a gift and some cake. I enjoyed making her happy.
I completed a mission in a video game.
Someone posted a link to a Genesis song and I've been listening to them all day because I forgot how great they are. 
I chatted on the phone with my girlfriend for an hour.
Removing pine needles from my backyard.
I beat a very difficult dungeon in Final Fantasy 15 that took me hours to get through, therefore unlocking a very powerful weapon that will help me beat the game entirely.
My friend got placed in good company
I went out to  Red Lobster to celebrate with my family and friends.
Talked to mom today who told me that her sister (my aunt) passed her medical checkup and does not have cancer any more
I launched a project at work.
Seeing the results of my hard work from dieting paying off.
Got some good news about a project I'm working on.
When I was doing Yoga with my 4 year old daughter this morning
I watched Westbrook secure averaging a triple double for the season.  I was a rare and amazing accomplishment in the NBA.
A person bought my old phone online for a high price
I found a turking task that pays $4 and I am qualified to do it. 
I was happy when I watched one of my favorite shows the rap game. 
Getting a massage.
I ate pizza for dinner.
I came home from vacation and went to my mom's house where she was playing Hawaiian music on her back porch.
I had a great intimate time with my husband last night.
My daughter won her basketball game against a really tough team.
I got to see my nephews this morning and went to breakfast and hung out.
I treated myself to lobster mac and cheese and a glass of wine for dinner to unwind after a long week and that made me happy.
The battery for my motorcycle charged with no problem; I had been worried as it sat for several months and I assumed that it had lost charge and died completely.
I was up late, watching videos, and received a survey invitation to watch a video of my choosing.  The survey paid $10, which is nice to get paid for my opinion on a program I normally watch (Modern Family).  It was a nice break from some stress.
Nothing beats a shower beer to start Saturday morning while listening to Eric Church. 
My mom prepared gulab jamun sweet it was so tasty. i had it above 10.
An event that made me happy was that I ordered food.
I hung out with friends that I hadn't seen in a long time.
Someone complimented the haircut I gave myself. 
I had one of the best stromboli one could ever eat yesterday and it was filled with sausage. 
I found $5 in a pair of jeans while doing laundry this morning.
I finished the Forest Temple in Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time... again. 
I had a decent work day and made some good money last night.
WEnt out to eat for lunch
When I was at the gym, I broke my record for a mile run. 
I saw some good friends I havent seen in ages last night. It was great we laughed and had a good time.
I received some clothing in the mail.
I went out to dinner with my girlfriend
I got in touch with a old friend I had lost touch with. I was happy to reconnect with this person as they used to be my best friend before we lost touch. I was truly happy to reconnect and get back to having fun with this person.
My mother came to visit and we got along great.
It is nice out today and the weather is good.
I put some deer food outside for the deer, and they were eating it this morning.  
My mom cooked my favorite beef steak for dinner.
Finding out that I will get more tax return money.
Reconnecting with an old friend of mine.
Received documents confirming my European heritage.
We let our son make his own sundae. His pile of gummy worms, chocolate chips, sprinkles, cherries, and more was cute and funny.
I tried out my grandmother's chicken cacciatore recipe and it turned out delicious!



Spring break had begun on my campus.
last Saturday evening, my family members went for a meal in an Indian restaurant.after that watching movie so enjoy a nice day with my family members.
our chief decided to bring us sonny's for lunch today which was good and it saved me money
The rain cleaned off all the dead Bermuda grass from my lawn and put it down at end of fence corner.  I was able to rake it all off and put it in the mulch bin.
I bought a box on band aids in my last grocery trip and I was able to cover a paper cut. 
I just got a coupon deal and basically got some free food at Dunkin donuts which was very tasty.
I played Dungeons & Dragons with my group, and yesterday evening's session happened to be fantastic.
My uncle called me out of the blue just to see how I was doing.
My father in law came by and fixed my truck for free, and so I do not have to pay,for taking it to a mechanic.
My work supervisor will put me on the following 2 week's schedule even though I must enter my availability after the fact, when I come to work next week.
My housemates enjoyed the dinner I had made for them. 
My daughter went to eat lunch with me at our favorite place.
My Uncle stopped by to give me my birthday card.
conference on science
my brother has completed his master in top college last year . he got his interest job in a top MNC company. this made me very happy.
Spent time playing with my sister's dog.
I caught up with an old friend.
My nephew was opening a package of Pokemon cards that I bought him for his birthday and he got a card that he really wanted.
I bought a new iphone.
Ate a delicious salad with my friends.
I watched a tv show that was funny.
My daughter learnt to ride her bicycle
"Feeling a Moment" is a song by Welsh rock band Feeder, from their 2005 album Pushing the Senses. It was released as the second single from the album, and reached #13 in the UK Singles Chart and #32 in Australia. At the end of 2005, it was voted 98th best song of the year by the readers of Q Magazine.[1] Upon release of the single, the album's sales increased significantly in the wake of the single's presence on Radio 1's A-list.
My friend bought a meal for me.
My favorite streamer broadcast and I got to watch
I made profit for my organization with an event I organized.
Kubo and the Two Strings was made available to watch on Nextflix today. 
Actually yesterday night i got a wonderful dream of tom and jerry cartoon cute show running in my mind, Which made me feel really happy.
Being able to finally sit outside without heavy cold winds and enjoy the sunshine
Going surfing in the late afternoon and catching some fun waves.
I went to happy hour with friends from work to celebrate the end of busy season. 
I went for a walk outside in the sunshine
I took my dog to the groomer and he smells great now. 
My sister made a delicious meal (chicken with wild rice casserole) for dinner.
I finally decided to make a real effort at cleaning out my attic and it looks much better now and I was able to throw away a lot of junk and donate some items that I can use to write off on my taxes for next year. 
We found out that we are likely moving back to our hometown. 
I had a good day at work.
Took my daughter to the mall and she was not fussy one bit and stayed awake the whole time.
The Diamondbacks came from behind 3-0 to win 7-3 and have scored more runs cumulatively that all other national league teams.
I noticed myself getting better at the video game that I play
I slept so good last night, which was really nice because I have slept poorly the previous two nights.
My happiest moment was when I saw to my son. After nine long months of waiting to meet him, at last that day
came. I was just so happy, and its explainable!
Playing ball with my dogs in the house.
We watched this movie on first day and first show.
I just found out that I am receiving a promotion at work. 
MEET MY COLLEGE MATES AND SHARE ABOUT FUTURE PLAN FOR US.
 Happiness is used in both life evaluation, as in aHow happy are you with your life as a whole?a, and in emotional reports, as in aHow happy are you now?,a and people seem able to use happiness as appropriate in these verbal contexts. Using these measures, the World Happiness Report identifies the countries with the highest levels of happiness.
I played Resident Evil Revelations for Xbox 360 and beat another level.
Today when my favourite cricket team i.e. England won the cricket match in a very close game i became very happy.
"Feeling a Moment" is a song by Welsh rock band Feeder, from their 2005 album Pushing the Senses. It was released as the second single from the album, and reached #13 in the UK Singles Chart and #32 in Australia. At the end of 2005, it was voted 98th best song of the year by the readers of Q Magazine.[1] Upon release of the single, the album's sales increased significantly in the wake of the single's presence on Radio 1's A-list
I purchased a brand new smartphone for my sister.
I played a video game with a friend online.
Finding my missing cat. Can you believe it she just came back on her own that was awesome.
Finished my giant project that I was stressing all week about. Super happy.
I offiically lost 20 pounds.
My dad presented a bangle for me.  I was so surprised. 
we one the shuttle badminton in university lever tournaments by neck to neck competition, that day I feel very very happy, celebrated good party with friends.
I was able to get a refund on a product quick and easily.
My friend's parent invited me for a dinner party. It was an awesome meal.
met my niece after very long time
Watched an episode of a tv show that I really enjoy. 
Another event that occurred yesterday that made me happy was to review posts on Facebook, where I could see the posts and read the posts from family and friends. 
I took my son out shopping after that.  I got a great deal on a rifle that I had been looking at.  It was basically at dealer cost.  
The weather is gorgeous today.
had mangoes after long
I ordered pizza last night for supper and it was delicious!
Calling the phone company and avoiding having my phone turned off
I went for a long bike ride.
Playing with my aunt's two dogs. 
I woke up early and made it to work right on time.  I was able to get a lot done fast.  It was an efficient day at work and I felt proud and happy about it.
The man at the cafe brought out a fresh box of oranges for me to choose from.
I have a date with my partner
I got McDonald's 
Going to the casino and going to the buffet starving and devouring steak and shrimp plates like nothing!
I finished building a website for a client.
Has a surprise visit from my younger cousin who dropped in after a returning home from a business trip and that we were not expecting.
Cooking for my family made me happy.
I rode my bike in the cool morning air.
A friend I haven't seen in a while was around.
And my dog let me sleep in a bit; only letting her outside once and she came right back into bed.
I had a good breakfast and went for a walk afterwards and the weather was beautiful.
I worked today and it was a slow day of work. 
My dad came home from vacation.
My dog and I went to an Easter egg event and she found the most bones.
I won a small amount of money gambling at the casino.
I managed to fix my lighting in the bedroom.
I don't have much to do this weekend
I got praise from my manager for successfully completing my work and I am happy.
I had some white chocolate chip, macadamia cookies.
The garbage man came on time and I brought the cans in for myself and the neighbor.  It always makes me happy to do that.
I was waiting for an item we ordered some weeks ago with a hobbyist organisation, and I learn today that it was delivered, and I could go at our place to pick it up when I want.
I went out with friends on a Friday night. 
I received some feedback about a recent project, and the project was approved with minimal headache.
When i painted my exhaust tips black and they turned out really well i was very happy.
I took a trip with my wife and we got to spend a lot of time talking in our car on the way.
WENT FOR PARTY WITH MY TEAM MATES
After spending hours on the internet I finally found a cast iron dutch oven in the smaller size that I want but that isn't popular so finding one in the perfect size at an ideal price is terrific!
I made breakfast for my boyfriend and i. 
Another event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to fall asleep watching Youtube videos.
yes i am happy to my husband birth day celebrate
I had lovely fresh poached eggs for breakfast.
My wife called me and told me that she was coming to see me today from canada.
I got approved for a small loan and I'm going to be able to refinance another more expensive loan.
Finding out my mom wasn't sick made me happy yesterday.
I got a 99 percent on my midterm for one of my criminal justice classes.
I woke up and my cat was cuddling me.
My son drove for the first time
I won $100 on a lottery ticket.
I received a text from my future daughter-in-law about the wedding.
 My wife and I got to sleep in this morning. 
My significant other stroked my hair while he thought I was asleep, which made me happy because it shows how much he cares.
I had a delicious breakfast with my brother!
I met up with old friends from high school.
I got a lot of sleep and finally stopped feeling so sleep deprived. 
Booked tickets for a concert.
I get migraines, and my doctor prescribed me a medication that prevents them from happening. 
My happiest moment is during college days, because weekly two or three days we bunk the class and go to film, beach any resort. this is my happiest moment.
My kid was somewhat shy but today she played with other kids. 
I bought a new linen dress for summer.
knowing that i am going home next week makes me happy 
I rocked my baby to sleep last night, which made me smile.
I was happy to get to chat on the phone with a lifelong friend who had recently moved far away.
I had a really good dinner because my wife cooks amazing food.
I watched tv with family, we just all relaxed and laugh at one of our favorite shows Ridiculousness.
I received many positive responses to my announcement that I'm pursuing a PhD
I met someone new who I think is very nice and interesting.
The elusive guy I have been wooing called and wanted to hang out, which we did.
I was happy when I made sausage gravy last night and everyone really liked it and praised me for it.
When.i got married.
Today I met many old friends and we talked about past enjoyment and that moment made me feel happy.
The calm and peaceful pray in the mosque yesterday makes me feel happy.
I was at a birthday patty of a friend we had a good time 
I finally unlocked an achievement that I've been trying to unlock for the past month,
I was able to relax and have a good evening with my wife.
My contact lenses came in the mail.
I cleaned the house
My husband bringing me breakfast in bed with homemade coffee and a brioche bun that he made himself.
I made a nice breakfast.
I watched a movie with a girl and we had sex after that. It was amazing. I feel like I really like her.
An event that made me happy was playing Ps4 online with some friends. 
Someone who I admire in my school program told me that they thought I was very intelligent, warm, and funny.
An event that made me happy in the last twenty four hours was 
Watching my sons soccer game
I spring cleaned my master bedroom and cleaned out all the dust bunnies. 
Ate some really good food.
We took my son to Sakura for his Birthday. The food was great
I went for a long walk with my dog and my daughter. 
My Amazon package was delivered a day early.
This morning I got a good morning text from one of my close friends.
Another event that made me happy is that I was able to talk to my girlfriend who is on the other side of the country right now. 
I read my kids books and told them stories before bed.  I love spending time with them and hearing their laughs.
I saw my mom and dad and they took me out.
I enjoyed a well made meal with a friend.
My bank credited my paycheck.
I ate a piece of chocolate cake.
Went to the bar with a couple of friends and danced my heart away.
I was happy when I played a game on my phone.
I was playing a card game online and got the perfect draw.
I had a great sex session with a new partner.
At my new job I collect tips for doing great work. I realize that my tips can be substantial and it could be like a second income for me.
My boyfriend helped me clean the apartment and we got a lot done.
Won a raffle game 
My dog didn't pee on the floor while I was asleep.
I watched a video of my favorite musical artist on YouTube, and I learned things about them I did not know before.
I visited the downtown old part of the city and walked around the nice vintage historical building and went to the river to relax a little.
I realized last night that I will make more money this month than I previously thought. 
My friend got me my favorite snack.
I had fun playing with my daughter in a local park and watching her laugh.
#2 Went out to dinner, no cooking/no cleaning.
I was able to relax at home.
going to lunch with my daughter
Seeing buds on my dahlias made me very happy.
I woke up early this morning and studied for three hours.  
i went out to dinner with my mom
I just wrote out several answers on Quora and several people liked them and got something out of them. That made me happy to think that I added a little value to othersa lives.
I watched the latest episode of Designated Survivor. 
My cats were all playing together today and it was so cute.
When my wife left for work today, she stopped and came back in just to give me another hug and kiss goodbye.
Finished game last level
I went through the Starbucks drive-thru and they gave me a free coffee along with my own that I ordered.
I ate a delicious pasta salad.
It has been raining for the latter half of the week but ended in time for Friday, making it a nice weekend to go out for a nice walk at the park.
Last night, I tickled my baby.
I finished cleaning the windows in my room.
My mother in-law cooked a delicious dinner for the family last night.
I made a great meal for my girlfriend.
Completed 3 dead lifts with 115lbs on the bar.
I went to get my blood drawn and the person doing the shot was entertaining which was good because I was afraid of the shot. In total the people working there made the experience nice.
I was happy when my son called from college to ask if he could bring some friends home for dinner.
Got the salary
I got to watch my children playing independently and the joy from it. 
In the last 24 hours my youngest Grandson shared one of his creations (Lego) with me this made me happy because he rarely shares his creations.
Tomorrow is my week off and thinking of that makes me feel happy today.
Met my wife after she worked a long shift and took her and our daughter out for breakfast.  Lasted as long a we were performing it and a little longer.
I was really hungry after working for 6 hours and I came home and made myself pasta, and it was delicious. 
I talked to two friends and we had a bigamy joke that we all laughed over.
My daughter told me that she is getting married in six months.
I got to have breakfast in bed with my husband, and watch a movie.  It was nice just to kick back and relax after always working so hard.
Today I was going to go into work, but another coworker wanted to trade with me shifts. Instead, I work Monday and get to enjoy the rest of my Saturday.
I did a talk in my department's seminar, and my advisor said I did it well.
It is unseasonably warm today, almost 70 degrees.
i talked with my boyfriend about the future
I really enjoyed cuddling with my boyfriend after the soccer game today.
I ate chicken fajitas that were delicious.
I made a batch of strawberry jigglers Jello that should last days.
In the past 24 hours, I read an interview that someone did on me and my music and I felt proud, so posted it on Facebook. 
One of my favorite songs played on the radio.
I went to the doctor to get my UTI taken care of like a responsible person.
I was able to get some of the wood furniture clean.
We went out to dinner for a fish fry with two of my cousins. It was delicious and we had fun catching up.
I called my mother, and we had a nice talk.
I met my girl friend after a break of over three months... We chatted, hugged endlessly and I kissed her navel for the first time today... This gave me immense happiness...
I watched my son do a scavenger hunt and that made me happy.
I decided to go to bed instead of playing more Overwatch.
I went to dinner sans kids with my wife. It was quiet and slow and glorious.
I took my nephew out to the movies and he really loved the movie that I picked.
My boyfriend and I evolved a cute pokemon in Pokemon Go.
My mom came over and held the baby for a few minutes so I could finish getting dressed.
Sitting in front of my computer and getting school work done with my pets close by.
I watched a heartwarming Youtube video of dogs who greet their family members when they get home.
My wife and I have been on a loving wavelength for no particular reason, but it always feels good when we get along. 
I made plans for dinner with some friends later
Our flooded basement finally drained out.
I met a famous singer while I was at the mall.
My fiancA(c) bought Battlefield 1 for me. 
Had a nice light rain last night that watered all the plants and blooming flowers in the yard.
I was able to complete a web design project.
It's beautiful day outside after raining all morning 
An event that happened in the past 24 hours that made me happy, was I went out with friends after work. 
I visited my dad, who is in the hospital, and he is starting to feel better.
I finished an online essay right in the nick of time.
I needed some money and I put some stuff to sell on ebay. Needless to say I was not expecting the items to sell fast at all since they are kind of rare. I went to the restroom for ten minutes and by the time I came back the items have been sold and paid for. It made me really happy at the time since I needed the money.
On my way home from work all the traffic lights that I came up to were green. This made my afternoon pleasant instead of waiting on red lights. 
My mom brought me a burger, for lunch.
The sun is shining on my house, It hasnt hit my house since October!
Last night I cooked dinner and got a nice complement.
My girlfriend and I decided to get an apartment together.
I watched some videos about rainbow six siege
The dog ate his food today no problem!
I got a free coffee at Starbucks because I made the barista laugh about a horrible person in front of me in line. 
I achieved a small accomplishment on a video game.
I was able to relax last night without any issues that made me irritable.
This afternoon decided to go to the local boat harbor and noticed a tour schedule that I checked for possible future tours to take with my family.
A family friend stopped by my house to say hello and to drop off brownies.
I found out my cars new brakes are cheaper than expected. 
I went to Dunkin Donuts and drank some coffee.
I finished a very good book and it made a strong impact on me.
I tried out a new restaurant I had been hoping to go to for the past few weeks.
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me "I don't know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this much"
I bought some really good oranges at the farmers market. 
The weather is nice today after a sad week of rain, so I can finally run outside.
Something that made me happy today was coming home and taking a nap.
The sun is so hot today, it's like summer, and it gives me an extra boost of happy energy.
I went with my children to shop.
I went in a party with my wife and enjoyed a lot.
I got to eat a really great lunch with a promising dinner over the horizon.
I had gotten stranded because I ended up not having enough money for public transportation so I asked around to see if a friend could pick me up, which he did. 
My niece cooked for me
I was happy when I was helping my kid build her Minecraft lego house.
I spent some time with my brother watching movies and playing video games
My husband and I went to get garden supplies to start this year's garden.
My boss let me off 30 minutes early from work.
I sold something on ebay for 90 dollars that I don't use anymore
I finally got to speak to my boyfriend over the phone. I rarely get to as he is busy with work and we are in a long-distance relationship. 
I went to an awesome show Friday afternoon to watch a live performance.
I arrived at my vacation destination.
Went to a new resturaunt with daughter.
We did some maintenance on my bike.
My dad called to tell me happy birthday.
In a game that I play with some friends online, we finally managed to beat a challenge that we've been trying to beat for the past week.
My cat snuggled with me on my chair when I was ready to take a nap
I hate a dinner date with someone I really like and he seems to like me a lot.
Went out to dinner with a friend last night.
I went to a social event.
I talked to my fiancee on the phone.
The pickled mushrooms I made are now ready to eat, and turned out very well.
A former colleague took me out to dinner
My manager let me eat for free yesterday at my job was surprising since usually we got to pay.
I ate a delicious croissant sandwich for breakfast.
I found out my nephew is getting married.
Finding a really good sale on groceries at the grocery store.
Sleeping in on this Saturday morning. 
For dinner I made a meal I never had before, with a recipe I found online. It came out better than expected and everyone loved it, so I am definitely going to make it again.
My dog Maggie wagged her tail, wiggled, and barked excitedly when I got home.
I finished painting the living room, and it looks great.
Seeing my mom in law
My wife called me after she got off work.
A very fashionable acquaintance complimented my outfit.
I took my mother out to lunch and she was really excited about it.
I beat the video game I've been playing for a long time. 
Talking and laughing with my mom about old family photos we found.
I discovered an extremely funny video series on youtube that I have been binge watching ever since.
My boyfriend and I spent time together and ate dinner. 
I spoke on the phone with a friend I haven't seen in a long time.
Playing tug of war with my daughter with a piece of cloth belt. 
At the library parking lot this morning, I drove too much forward in the parking space and the bottom front of the car scraped over the concrete wheel stop. So happy no damage.
I won an online sports cash contest.
Last night, I went out to dinner and saw a small kid at the table beside me, he was very friendly and kept talking to me. 
I found a good book at the library and am so far enjoying reading it.
I played basketball with my friends for a while.
I finished a bunch of yard work early in the day. 
We all helped pick up our yard.
eat a great steak
Two of my husband's coworkers came over last night and I made dinner, then we did nails.
ate bad food after a diet.
A couple of friends came over and we watched Bad Boys 2.
I was let off work early because there were some things the owner needed to do.
I went out and bought some stuff for my birthday.
I started watching South of Nowhere again after I got home from the coffe shop. That show meant so much to me when I was younger. I remember watching it alone and never talking about it because I didn't want anyone to know I was watching a Lesbian themed show. Yes I was in the closet, but more then that I could not accept to myself who I as. Now that I do and people know i am gay, it makes me happy to revisit that show that meant so much.
I got my father-in-laws death certificates in the mail this morning, finally, after waiting for them for days.
Having my own free time in my schedule and finally practicing the guitar made me happy.
I got free food
I was playing an online game and received a rare item drop.  I did a celebratory fist pump and continued playing.
The weather was beautiful and I went for a walk.
Ran my goal in less time than usual
I was happy today because my new headphones came from Amazon. 
I washed and waxed my car. 
Met up with some friends for dinner.
I cooked a great, delicious and healthy lunch.
I was last happy this afternoon when I left my kids and went grocery shopping alone. I usually always have one kid with me, but today I went alone and it was nice. 
I win a little prize to my country lottery
I braided pigtails in my daughters hair and she told me I did a good job.
My wife graciously cleaned the house yesterday, and I fixed my bathroom faucet.
I watched a TV show that I enjoyed.
I ate some ice cream. 
Making a delicious dinner last night consisting of a steak and cheese sub and kale chips made me happy.
I went to see a soccer game where my favorite team played in my region, and I won the soccer game.
Our labor was okay yesterday, so I was able to stay a little later at work and get caught up on all of my tasks that I need to work on.
Simple enough-- my son, age 9, being able to go outside and play with a plethora of friends. I feel like realization & happiness every time he comes/goes. Not only the fact that he has such a large & fantastic group of friends, but that he LOVES playing outside for almost the whole day!! I feel like, these days, kids are more & more glued to screens and losing love for outdoor play/interaction. So my son's reaction to the outdoors makes me absolutely thrilled [and proud].
I paid all of my bills, and am caught up for the moment!
i had a pleasant dinner with my wife
I was happy to learn that Mike had gotten me on the list for Y&T because I was afraid that I would not get to see him this weekend.
I grilled some barbecue chicken and it didn't stick to the grill this time.
Talking to my mom on the phone.
An old friend from high school messaged me on Facebook.
I was happy that my daughter went to a parents night out event and I had 4 hours to myself.
I went to a bar after the concert to celebrate with friends.
my dog stealing my spot when i came back in the room on the couch.
Many of my seminar participants have phoned or visited their parents and told ... Your goal is to free yourself, to regain your peace of mind, and to get on with ... The third person you must forgive is everyone else in your life who has ever ... Whenever I think of that yesterday event or situation I feel so happy, just repeat, aI forgive myself completely.
I got to sleep as late as I wanted to today and that rarely ever happens.
I watched a few videos about successful indie creators and workers which inspired me.
I talked with my family over Facetime
I played board games with some friends. 
I pulled my cat out from under the bed and usually she growls and hisses as she is mid training.  She chose to simply come out as she was trained elsewhere to do and I was happy that my kitty is getting tamer.
I won money playing poker at the casino.
I watched Breaking Bad.
I went jogging as soon as I woke up.
I am happy to spend time tonight and watch the UFC event with my family to cheer on our favorite fighter, Gegard Mousasi.
I had some good coffee.
I used my Bing Rewards points to redeem a 3 month pass of Xbox Live for free.
My sister came back from college for the weekend and I gave her a gift.
My friend helped me to clean our yard yesterday. 
I received an encouraging reply from someone I'm interested in getting to know.
It was my coworker's last day with us so we threw him a fun going-away party.
My puppy, Zenzi, learned how sit and stay!
Spent time last night with my husband watching TV, there are a couple of shows that we watch together and we were able to enjoy ourselves watching it.
At a leadership training event the facilitator told a very funny joke about "basic moms of suburbia." 
My girlfriend is bringing pizza home for lunch.
Last night I watched an episode of "The Waltons" with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks!
I went on a walk with my daughter to the mall to shop for her 8th grade graduation. we had a great time shopping and talking.
I got e pounds of shredded cheese at the store for a great deal.
I had lunch with my family.
I had a good night's rest.
My friend sent me a really funny youtube video link that we both laughed about.
Enjoyed seeing my daughter happy at a park.
It was when a supervisor helped me by complimenting me and working with me towards achieving a goal.
I received a text message from an amazing friend that put a big smile on my face.
I made a big meal with chicken, rice, and string beans for dinner.
Planting seeds in the garden made me happy. 
I took a ride in our Corvette.
I tried a new recipe today and it turned out very well!
I was in the car driving and came across a red light. As a stopped at the red light there was a man in his truck next to me. I glanced over and just smiled and he smiled back. I turned my head back straight and could still feel his eyes on me. So I slightly glanced over and was surprised to see that he was still looking at me. So deep down inside I was bubbly to know that a random man thinks I'm cute. I was very happy and built up my confidence a little. 
I ate a Spicy Chicken Sandwich from 7/11.
Went to the neighborhood associations meeting with my wife this morning and were planning out summer activities and events.
I purchased my boyfriend's favorite pizza for dinner the other night because the food that I cooked was no good. I surprised him with it and the look that he had on his face as he beamed with joy made me very happy.
My children sat on my lap at the same time and were sweet.
I laughed because my four year old son played a game of bowling for the first time in his life and kicked the bowling ball down the lane.
I am watching my cat groom himself now.
Finished a paper for school
This morning when my dog put his big head on my chest and let out a hugh sigh. 
My husband was off work today and we had lots of family time. 
My husband and I looked at pictures of adoptable dogs in the area for about an hour and have decided to foster one!
We took the children to a local lake with walking path to fish and feed the geese and ducks. 
I watched a youtube video about working that made me happy because it gave me motivation to work out myself.
I made $80 selling some WoW gold to my friend.
My supervisor told me I could have Sunday off for doing such a great job.
I visited a new park with my dog today and she really enjoyed it. 
Playing football this my son.
I was happy that I was able to fix my dryer today.
I was able to sleep well through the night.
hangout with my friend at weekend
I installed a game that I hadn't yet played, Quantum Conundrum, and found that it was one that I like a lot and would like to continue playing.
I had a nice catchup with one of my old friends whilst playing some games.
My house is "semi-clean"...haha by semi-clean I mean my husband dusted and wiped somethings down but it still needs the toys to be picked up. But what made me so happy is that he's trying. He never had to clean before but this past two weeks he's really stepped up.
Going to the opening ceremonies of my nephew's little league team.
I got pretty drunk.
Last night we ate at a new AMAZING all you can eat sushi bar, my favorite food! They have booze too!
Finding out that my dog's animal hospital bill (almost$1000) would be free because of a error on their part that the clinic wanted to correct. 
I baked a barbecue today.

I spent time with my wife and held hands as we walked.
I cooked myself a big meal. 
Taking my dogs to the vet for a checkup made me happy.
I got to sleep in until 1 PM today since it's Saturday.
I lost weight compared to a week ago.
My daughter and I watched a tv show when we got home from our outing and it was a really nice evening.
Hearing that my husband's plane landed safely.
I got to sleep in today.
The nice weather.
I ate an ice cream sunday at Dairy Queen. 
i talked to my brother on the phone for a while about where he is moving
I want out on an anniversary date. I was happy because it is a long time. I send a romantic date with my man.
Got all the groceries put away after going to the store.
I had the most delicious breakfast burrito this morning.
Finishing a project in which there was a problem that interfered with getting the work done. I managed to get it done on time. 
It was sunny today and not raining. It rained the past several days
This morning I visited a farmer's market near my house and ate a delicious pastry.
The Rockies won their home opener!
Waking up.
I cleaned my house from top to bottom.
I got to help my boyfriend with yard work, with the riding lawnmower.
I caught up with a friend I haven't spoken with in awhile on the phone. 
My dog was very sick and after taking some medicines is already better and started eating yesterday
I beat the final boss in the video game I've been playing.
I slept well and woke up refreshed.
I played some video games online with 4 close friends.
I went up to visit my parents and see the new baby chickens they bought.
I went to the zoo and the white tiger came up to me.
The cashier at the grocery store commented that she liked the conditioner I was buying.
Signed out to vacation at work
I found a really god deal at the discounted meat bin at my grocery store and bought enough to get ahead.
My horse that I havent ran in five months did awesome!
I was correct in guessing the nature of an event that I saw happening with minimal evidence. 
I went through important email that had been piling over the week and finally got down to about 2 or 3.
I ate lunch at a really good Mexican restaurant.
I cooked a lot of food for the week, which was very relaxing and satisfying.
Rereading Harry Potter
I packed for my trip to Los Angeles to see my high school friends and have an informal reunion.
I was to play soccer in a tournament and we win the game
I ate a nice piece of cake as a treat.
Completing my Easter madden ultimate team set 
I ate a delicious meal.
My girlfriend sent me a handful of messages today telling me how much she loved me.
What made me happy in the last 24 hours is helping a neighbor with there car battery.
I ate carnitas tacos at a food truck with my girlfriend.
I made a wonderful potato leek soup.
Bought new sneakers for my son and they were on sale. 
I had breakfast with 6 girl friends and we had a great conversation where we each we unique and accepted by one another.
Going for a relaxing walk during nice weather
My best friend called and said she didn't need surgery on her foot, since the doctor said he could splint it instead!
All of my roommates are gone and I have the place to myself
My husband took me to a car show and out to eat for lunch today.
Eating food I cooked and enjoyed made me happy
When my kids drew me pictures.
I am happy that I got to go out to a nice restaurant with my family.
I was able to take time to watch an episode of Orange is the new black so I can start catching up before the new season comes out. 
I got help from my significant other
I was able to get the classes I applied for in community college
Today my wife made my favorite chicken curry.
Had a good lunch at Santa Barbara. 
It was a nice day outside today, so i took my puppies for a long walk. They were very grateful.
My favorite movie happened to be on tv.
I talked to an old for for the first time in about a year.
Noticed a lot more views to my blog
My fiancee and I spent time together.
I started playing a video game that was new to me and I ended up liking it. It was a good game and I'm going to play it more.
I got offered a potentially lucrative contract.
The girl I nanny for gave lots of snuggles and kisses. 
I made some money in sales on Facebook.
A payment issue got resolved and I received some much needed money sooner than I thought I would.
We took my sick cat to the vet and she said the cat is doing well and doesn't need more bloodwork.
Repairing and fixing things around the house made me happy.  Fixing things around the house makes me feel useful and feel like i'm doing something, those kinds of things make me happy.
I ate wings at Hooters.
Had a movie night with the girlfriend.
I played golf with my group in the morning at my favorite golf course.
We had a 2016 party for a 7.9 increase in sales last year. Plenty of food, cake, games
I was able to create something that looked like denim using a 3D graphics program
I stopped at a scuba dive shop on my way home and had a very nice visit with the owner who I hadn't seen for a long time.
I hung out with my friend and beat a video game.
My fiance' got most of the day off, so I have gotten to spend time with her.
I went to a bar with friends. 
I got a picture message of my daughter while I was having a rough day at work.
I saw a dog wearing a suit and it was pretty funny.
We went to the store to buy paint for the dining room. We found a color we both agreed on and didn't know how much to get or how to be sure to cover dark spots on the wall. We talked to the sales person who explained why yellow would need two coats, preferably a primer and then a coat of the paint in the color we choose. He showed us what kind of brush to use to do the trim and even how to use it most successfully. We have been months on this project and it makes me happy to finally have the paint and the knowledge of how to use it.
I met a few chicks on social media and they are pretty cool and funny. i think its time for me to shackle down with someone again. im tired of being lonely you know.
Knowing it was the weekend gave me a sense of peace and relaxation.
Won a match in Overwatch
Improving my driving skills on a manual transmission vehicle
I shared with my father
I was able to stay at work late and make more money!
I finished early at work, and I as able to spend a few minutes talking to one of my coworkers who is a friend.
I took a very relaxing bath with candles and bubble bath and fragrant bath salts.
I tuned in to my favorite Hearthstone stream for some laughs.
We ordered pizza for work and my peers took my suggestion at which place to order food from.
Another event that made me happy was receiving a e-mail inviting me to the orientation session of the FoodWorks Culinary program I applied for. If I get accepted, I will get 12 weeks of culinary training, receive certifications and will receive help finding a job. I have been looking for a job for over a year now and cooking has always been a passion of mine.
I broke being vegan and ate two slices of pizza today.
I was able to talk to my child who lives several hours away from my hometown.
I ate a delicious and large meal after having not eaten all day.
I Enjoyed having food 
Made plans to head to parx casino tonight. Been looming forward to it all day.
I did good in a video game.
My baby is talking and laughing to herself
I called my family and talked to my son.
I watched an old episode of the television series "South Park," which I had not seen in quite some time.
In the past 24 hours, I was happy to put together and complete a jigsaw puzzle.
I got to spend all day with my sister,mom and grandma and it was a really nice time.
I had a chance to spend time online with my long distance boyfriend.  We listed to some blues together and had a great conversation.
I had my favorite local pizza at Hounddog's Pizza.
Looking at the pictures from my son's 2nd birthday party and the ones from his birth (popped up on timehop).
I spent time outside working in the garden with my family.
Waking up to breakfast and a coffee waiting for me
Today I saw a tv show about the band Kiss, I was happy to watch it.
I did some online shopping.
I came home and my dog didn't tear up the garbage.
Had great conversations with a few friends
Saw the last episode of Expanse.
made cookies with my family.
I saw that my uploaded video has been viewed by many people.
A story I was reading on Ao3 updated this morning, and it had two chapters instead of just one. :D
I had a fun sexual experience with a deep, beautiful connection to my true inner self.
I ordered a gift for someone, 'just because'. 
I messaged a girl I had interest in and she responded relatively positively.
I bought chocolate and ate it while watching a movie!
I made 20$ in 30 minutes.
Seeing one of my friends last night that I haven't seen for a few months.
Yesterday evening, I was really happy when I ate half a pint of Halo Top chocolate ice cream before going to sleep.
This makes me happy when my mom calls and she only talks about if i'm doing great and she said that she loves me very much.
I played outside with my son
I talked with my granddaughter and grandson on the phone.
I spoke with my brother to catch up on his girls.
I made a decent amount of money.
Me and my son went to the park and we had so much fun.
I had a quiet morning and able to somewhat relax today on a Saturday, otherwise it might have been crazy noisy again if someone had been here awake.
My nephew sent me a really sweet Good morning text and it made me blush! My awesome nephew really managed to brighten up my day.
I got a good night's sleep. 
I watched the live stream of a live show of one of my favorite podcasts, Another Round.
Winning 20 bucks in lottery tickets 
I watched a funny show before bed
I watched the movie "The Revenant"
The wife and kids are going out al day so i have a lot of alone time
My boss let me off early.
I'm cooking and will be having tofu stir-fry for the first time in a long time (more than a month). Mmm. 
Received a lot of birthday gift from my family. 
After working hard at the gym, I rewarded myself with some junk food.
My chicks are growing up and growing in their feathers very well. 
The electric company replaced a burned out street light that is just in front of our garage.
My doctor told me I could stop taking omeprazole (a medicine that treats acid reflux disease, among other things.)
I signed in a eye donation consent letter
I had a good cup of coffee.
I ate sweets and pop-corns.
I was appointed as the manager of a reputed company.
Today in our city the prices of internet are going very affordable, some service provider are giving free internet for particular period time, so in our city every one is enjoying by hearing this news.
I had nutella on my toasts this morning
I PURCHASED A NEW COLORFUL UMBRELLA TODAY. WHICH I LIKES VERY MUCH. IT MAKES ME HAPPY.
I bought flowers seed,i plant it in the backyard.I wanted to do that quite some time. 
I got to try a really fine wine last night after dinner that I really enjoyed.
The guy I have been talking to and seeing, and subsequently going on a date with tonight, checked in on me both last night and this morning when he was worried I was too drunk and dehydrated.  Simple words like "Be safe, let me know when you're home", had me glowing with happiness that somebody cared enough to check in on me.
I was happy when more of my Mechanical Turk HITs were approved.
Went to movie with my two brothers along  with their families after 6 months.
When we returned after having dinner,we went for a comic movie
I spoke to my close friend after a long time. 
My puppy who is about 9 months old finally learned to fetch. She brought her toy back to me repeatedly for the first time.
Going through 9gag and having a good laugh at some of the funniest stuffs online.
Talkin to my sister for some help. She agreed to put me up in a motel for another few nights. This gives me hope and time to work out a plan.
My daughter slept well the second half of the night.
I repotted tomato and pepper seedlings in my greenhouse which is very relaxing to me.
My son gave me a hug and told me he loved me before he went to bed.
My mom called to talk to me this morning. 
I watched fun videos.
My wife took our two girls to a play and I had the house to myself all night.
I watched my favorite TV show.
I had a long conversation with a friend I hadn't talked to in awhile. 
When I ended up cleaning my house for my girlfriend and she is a clean freak and I am kinda messy and I made her very happy with my cleanliness. She came home ecstatic and was so happy with me.
It made me happy to come home last night to a special meal my husband made to welcome me back.
I had a good night's rest
I got my salary today
I was purchasing coffee this morning and was able to use my 'free beverage' coupon, saving me $2 or so. 
I got to ear my favorite snack.
A person meets many people in life but there are only some who leave a lasting impression in our minds.

There are people we can laugh with, cry with and depend on with utmost degree of faith. Friends make it easier for us to go through hardships and struggles in life. They provide a shoulder for us to cry on.

A very close friend of mine named Asha left the country when I was very young. She went away to the United States and thereafter I began to feel very lonely. She and I were inseparable in school. She was my partner in class and even in the evening she would come over to my house and we would spend most of our time playing together. Then her parents decided to settle down in the States and she left. I remember how much I cried when I went to leave her at the airport.

It was for a long time that I could not find any friends I could feel absolutely comfortable with. Most of my friends were a boring company. I began writing to Asha regularly. We exchanged letters every week and sometimes even called each other over the telephone. However, I always had the feeling of loss after she went away.

I wanted to meet her again and therefore asked my parents to arrange a trip for me go to the US. They found the idea ridiculous as they felt that it was too expensive to go abroad. My spirits had been quite low once my parents turned down my wish to go and visit my friend.

But they said that whenever we wished for something hard enough it materializes. And my prayers were answered when i got a call from Asha to say that her parents had decided to visit India to meet her relatives and that she would be accompanying them. My happiness knew no limits when I got this news. I eagerly awaited the day of her arrival.

I went to receive her at the airport and that was the happiest night of my life. We hugged each other and had so much to share. We talked the whole night and till the day she left we were inseparable again. Meeting an old friend after days of separation can be one of the most satisfying experiences of one's life.
I really enjoyed being outside in what felt like the perfect weather temperature for me.
I made a pot of my Hawaiian coffee and it is really good. 
My wife joined me in the shower this morning after our 5 mile run. 
I sat out by the pool.
I matched with a really pretty girl on POF and we're going on a date next week.
It was warm enough to take a late night walk finally.
I went out for dinner with my girlfriend last night. Spending time with her was really nice and the food was fantastic. 
This morning I found out from my accountant that I owe a lot less on my taxes than I had feared I would!
Cooked and enjoyed nice rice recipe with vegetables and sausage while camping in nature.
My older brother and his girlfriend came to visit and we all sat and talked.
Waking up and spending the mornings with my new puppy. I got him a few weeks ago and he is my first dog that is all mine. I get full responsibility of him and get to raise him on my own terms. But getting to wake up to see him and take care of him this morning and every morning really just makes my day so much better. 
Riding a bike with my daughter
I had a nice day without work.
When I was able to get my brother off the computer so I can use mines.
Enjoying a night out with name honeybun
My kids cleaned their rooms without me asking them too.
I looked at my son's schoolwork.
365 day sketchbooks I have been wanting came in the mail.
My mom's dog has been super sweet and hanging around me since the morning. It's nice to have a little buddy around all day.
I bought a bag of delicious mandarin oranges and ate 2.
My husband found out in the beginning of April that he would loose his job due to the company going bankrupt and yesterday he accepted a job for 5,000 more than he was making before and solidified our moving to Texas and a new start to our lives. 
My friend got a promotion at work.
I ran into an old friend at dinner yesterday.
I picked up groceries early this morning while my wife was sleeping so she didn't have to worry with it.
Got a really big bonus this morning which made my week .
I got a novel I wanted to read
Yesterday, before going to restaurant we went to orphanage to donate some clothes to the needy. There we met some old age people and spent some time with them. They were really happy for the time spent with them. That gives me a lot of happiness and satisfaction. 
I found out my vacation to Europe in September can be extended by 1 week. 
i was attend in project via,i so very fear and nervous.before i am really happy and enjoy.i am very lucky in my family and friends.
My dad said that he was proud of me and that myself and my husband will make excellent parents.
I won a couple prizes in a video game.
After being stuck in traffic for more than two hours at the end of the day, I finally arrived back to my place of business so I could leave work for the day.
Seeing my best friend passing the test with me.
I drank some beer with my friends in a nearby bar.
I got all my laundry for the week done.
I went to my friends ice cream parlor opening function and i was very happy because i tasted a variety of ice creams and also bought ice creams to my family.
Got a bad medical diagnoses, but found out I can reverse it and be ok. 
Today I went for a hair cut in the evening to a barber's shop (in a very small town in India where I am working in a nationalised bank for past 3 months). After haircut he (barber) asked me if he can transfer 100 rupees in ARMY WELFARE FUND account through our bank

He is neither so educated nor so rich but his thought was really rich. It made my day...
Today I ate the first mango of this season
I was happy to text an old friend. 
I got paid for some work I did and have some extra cash for the moment.
My mother is feeling less fatigue after chemo cycle.
I defeated ten gyms in Pokemon Go in one day (yesterday) and won 100 free Pokemon Go coins. Usually, I cannot get into more than a few gyms a day in the game.
I went shopping for pesto ingredients.  I love pesto pasta.
speaking with old friend 
Getting a raise at work.
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest moment in my life..
I bought myself a new computer.
I SAW A ROSE GARDEN ON THE WAY.
Playing a video game
I was able to pick my child up from school which is very rare due to my hectic work schedule.
I saw one of my cats hugging one of my other cats.
chilled out after an active day to do nothing at night but work on some surveys but mostly watch tv and do nothing. 
I watched my favorite basketball team play last night.
I enjoyed a light and scrumptious salad for dinner last night. 
i went to the movies with a friend. 
Our neighbor's cat came to visit last night and hung around for an hour or so.
I received my tax refund last night and put half of it in my savings account. 
i go to shopping  at the time i say blind person and i helped the cross the road.
I enjoyed a random movie I found on Netflix.
Sitting in the nice air condition after walking around all day felt great.
I saw a funny video online where a child is trying to argue his way out of trouble with his mom (in a way he obviously learned from his dad) and calling her by her first name.
Cleaning my room. It had to be done. 
My friends
I finally finished my book this morning, and I can't stop thinking about the ending.
I watched an excellent movie on DVD (Manchester by the Sea) and enjoyed it with family members.
i go to shopping  at the time i say blind person and i helped the cross the road.
I was able to go grocery shopping in my own vehicle, without having to beg someone to come drive me.
I caught up with my friend, Walter, before he went back to California.
My husband cooked us a special breakfast this morning.
planning dinner.
I watched a good movie on DVD
I was off from work today.
Made cookies to take to my mother.
My paycheck finally cashed into my bank account. 
Snuggling with my partner in the bed in the morning.
I found out that I will pass my class I was concerned about.
I found 75 cents on the ground earlier in the morning yesterday.
I ate a plate of homemade nachos. 
My father gives me Byk as gift its surprise gift and its happiest event for me.
The new book I wanted to read finally arrived on the mail,, I had been waiting for it for weeks!
i was happy this morning when i got a level up in my favorite video game
I cooked chicken pasta.  I bought a bottle of white wine.    I ate dinner with my girl friend.  
I got to spend some time with my siblings before I traveled.
I prepared frozen meals for the upcoming week which means I won't have to worry about cooking for the rest of the week.
Joked with a friend.
My girlfriend also agreed to go for the movie .
I saw a beautiful deer in my yard.
The happiest moment in the last 24 hours was when I reunited with my best mate, Luke, and took 2 Polaroid photos before he headed back to ootty.I just wrote out several answers here on soumya and several people liked them and got something out of them. That made me happy to think that I added a little value to othersa lives.
Listening to some of my favorite songs made me happy.
Watching the USA women win the Gold medal in the hockey world championship.
I have found a good bank promotion, I have ordered a new credit card and obtain gift certificate for about 100USD
I spoke with my favorite sister on the phone for about 1 hour yesterday evening.
My son struggles with math, but he brought home a test on which he made an A.  
May daughter and I went shopping and had to take a bus home. I didn't check the bus schedule but we ended up getting to the bus stop 3 minutes before it was due to arrive. 
Grabbing dinner with some friends and catching up last night. 
Made rapid headway in my project at work.
I had time to read this morning.
I woke up next to my boyfriend.
Watched my favorite talk show.
My husband told me about the thoughtful anniversary gift he changed his mind about last minute. 
I went to a poetry slam & watched my boyfriend win 1st place
I watched several 6-7 year olds avidly watching the turkey and chicken at school.  It made me so grateful to live in an area where children can be exposed to animals at school.
Surpassed my goal by $15 on mturk last night!
Yesterday 15:30 o clock I went to shop for purchase food for my dog joy. I went pedigree store for purchase pedigree cookies and foods. That shop owner told me a Sir if you comes with your dog we will take a picture with your dog and we will offer you 25% on every shopping I replied sure sir, wait I will go to home and come with my dog joy. Finally I was get back with my dog, that shop owner takes me picture with my dog and said sir your dog is so nice and good and clean, so we will keep this picture in our shop for customer views please approve your permission for this, We will make a good agreement, you can shop 1 year without money you donat want to pay, everything is free. I agreed with is agreement and said sure thank you. Shop owner replied thank you sir. You always welcome. I was really happy for this deal and agreement. Then came to home and conveyed to mom and dad both of very happy. What a great!! Very nice agreement. Thank you.
I got everything I needed to get done today before noon. 
Came home to a loving family.
I found some apple pie at the store that I like.
My cat was happy to see me when I got home from work.
My boyfriend cooked a delicious pizza while I took a nap. 
Entered a 5k run.
I met a nice person who bought me coffee.
It made me happy to see my friends go to church today.
I was able to get done everything on my to do list. 
I found out what was the mystery smell in the kitchen.
I met up with a friend.
I got in a shipment that I had ordered at the beginning of February and that I need for an event in April.
Getting something done that has been stressing me out. 
Bought my dream car yesterday, i am feeling so happy.
I created a budget that would allow me to regain some money I lost gambling, it provides a light at the end of the tunnel.
When my nephew playing with my childs
I started an online fundraiser for water.org to celebrate my birthday and one person has already donated.
A happy event that happened to me is hearing my son laugh for the first time. It happened yesterday in the car while I was showing him one of his toys. 
Kids had As and Bs on their report cards.  Mostly As.
I got to sleep later than usual, which felt really good.
We went to a  aquarium nearby .
I spent some time with my wife last night talking and watching tv.
I took my son to his favourite play house after a long time, it made him very happy.
I started watching this new anime that people have been telling me to watch for months now and I love it. The theme song is still stuck in my head as I'm doing this!
I spoke with my girlfriend.
I got a new computer at work finally, after 5 years of using the old one.  New one is a laptop so I can bring it home.
My ex went out of town, so I won't have to worry about him picking fights with me.
One more event that happened yesterday that made me happy was getting to spend time with family in a way that I have not been able to do for quite some time.
Spoke with my daughter. She usually is pretty busy too so it was a fabulous day to reconnect with everyone. 
I got sushi for lunch which I love and haven't had in a while. It was delicious and made me super happy.
I woke up to a sweet apology from my boyfriend this morning after a very small argument last night. Also him saying sweet things like i'm always here for you etc
I listened to a new song I really liked.
There was a local rescue puppy listed as lost on our community list serv for two days; well they found the poor thing last night.
The happiest moment in my life is when I passed my 10th class and I reached my house where every body was 
celebrating . This is the happiest moment in life.
Shopping at the mall.
I took a warm shower and enjoyed it thoroughly.
What made me happy in the past 24 hours was watching videos on Youtube.
My best friend who is studying in Korea just called me.
I completed a lot of work in a very short time, so I felt very accomplished.
Finished cleaning my room.
My older brother received good news yesterday from a medical test he took.
My father called me last night and asked me over his house today. I'm excited since I haven't seen him since Christmas.
I wrapped some Easter gifts for family for my holiday visit.
I spend a lot of time with my kids after 3 days.
I was able to get all of the bills paid and still had money left over to treat myself!
For the first time,my husband prepared a surprise dinner for me today which made my day !!
I realized that I'm making enough money to finance my hobbies and still be able to save! 
listening to music.
I had time to watch 3 tv shows last night.
At work yesterday, I managed to sign up three new customers for our service.
I took a relaxing bath.
I was happy when my son behaved while being watched by a babysitter.
At work, my boss' boss told me that others in our company have nothing but good things to say about my work performance. 
My dog is starting to get house trained,well, just a little bit.
I went for a walk and the weather was nice which made me happy.
I played with my cousin children.
I went to Zao with all my co workers to meet up with an old co worker that quit months ago. 
We made a prank on a co-worker while she was sleeping inside the office. 
I had a pleasant dream about going of vacation and an adventure in an exotic island paradise.
I helped a friend with their computer.
Playing with my cat.  
We finally got back up to our cabin to get it ready for the summer!
Playing with my pets while chatting with my daughter
I secured a job interview.
I ate a huge meal that I made myself.
I was struggling at college, having a hard time studying and trying to get higher grades. I had an exam recently. after it a friend told me "I'm proud of you! your persistance despite everything you've been through is remarkable and I admire you for it"
Another friend of mine sent me a funny story about our job which made me laugh, and to see how I was doing
I got done with work early and could spend more time with my family last night.
We made pancakes this morning for the first time in awhile and they were wonderful. 
My husband and I went out shopping and then had a nice dinner out.  
I was happy when I woke up this morning and my cats were snuggling against me.
Watching the new ufc fights, was excited for the fights for a long time and they were entertaining. 
We finally got a sunny day after several days of rain.
Came home and my wife had dinner ready and on the table waiting for me.
I made a nice portrait.
 My mom called me on Friday to wish me a happy upcoming weekend. 
I road my bike to the magic show, and the warm weather made my ride to the coffee shop this morning very pleasant!
Trying my new bike rack on my car for the first time. 
Caught up on all my TV shows.
Talked with a stranger on my way to work.
My wife told me she loves me. 
I saw a movie with a friend that just came back from a long trip.
Various people that I encountered while walking the streets today, as well as animals (birds, cats and dogs) made me happy in the past 24 hours.
I took an uninterrupted nap for several hours. 
Playing monopoly with my little brother and my girlfriend. We had a blast, and it felt nice seeing my little brother bonding with my girlfriend.
I read through Carnegie Mellon's acceptance letter. 
I woke up this morning early and now get to spend all day with my mom!!
I went shopping and got some new dresses. Shopping is a stress buster and a happy exercise for me.
My friend paid for my lunch.
When I got the mail and besides the junk mail, there was a card from a friend. 
I took my girlfriend out on a dinner date and really enjoyed myself
Went for a walk along the Bugline, which was a walking path by our house.  Very nice weather.  A lot of joggers, people walking, sun out.  Good mood.
Today I booked an excursion for our summer vacation, which has be very excited!
I talked to my uncle, who I did not see for a long time.
I am very happy when we know that our neighbour is selected for scholarship in university.
I was able to take my dogs out for a longer walk than usual due to the sunshine and get some more exercise with them.  
I was able to sleep in a little bit this morning. 
My neighbor wasn't here all night so no noise.
I saw a girl that I liked. 
I had chocolate.
This morning, I made chocolate chip pancakes for the family and we all enjoyed them very much!
I came out of my bedroom this morning and found my boyfriend had already made my lunch.
I am the one who makes dinner every night. It sucks when I go through all the effort and I get a "meh" when I tell my family what is for dinner. Last night when I said what dinner was going to be, I got a "woo hoo" from my daughter and a "hooray" from my wife. 
It was my boyfriend & my 1.5 year anniversary.
When you turn on the TV and your favorite movie is just starting makes me feel happy, Being outside when the weather is just right makes me feel happy, The smell of rain on pavement makes me feel happy.
It made me very happy to help my father with a report for his work.
I got my tax refund
Something I ordered from over seas came today after weeks of waiting.
Meeting with a friend
My son gave me a big hug first thing this morning.
I just found out that my sweet niece and her husband will be joining me for Easter!
Had chili and grilled cheese with the family. I enjoyed getting to spend time with my family. Since I was off work the next day, I was able to enjoy talking to them and not worry about things needed to be done before work the next day.
My husband hugged me
I ate at my favorite restaurant for the first time in a while.
I paid my Mom rent for the first time in months
I found time to get in some exercise in the afternoon.
I was busy texting with my sister.
I watched a movie I liked but hadn't seen in a while and it was as good as I remembered.
Another event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to make a large leisurely purchase that I had wanted for some time. 
I found out my car was not involved in a large recall.
we have donated our old clothes  in our home to the poor.there clothes were tore and in very bad condition.seeing that we came home and packed all the clothes stuff and gave them.seeing the happiness in their eyes .i enjoyed the real happiness seeing them happy.
I finished all of my laundry.
We fixed the disruption in our internet connection that happened today.
I slept for a full 8 hours for once.
I made some good money on mturk yesterday.  I really need the money to help with some bills so it was a nice relief to have a good day.
The Kings lost to the Lakers!
Talking to a friend.
I spoke with a family member on the phone for the first time in a while.
When playing with one of my kids.
I got all the chores done that I needed to do yesterday before I went to sleep.
My daughter ask me to play a video-game with her on WI.We end up having a lot of fun
I ate a big meal that I prepared.
I went to a concert with my wife.
I am on vacation next week, so I can spend the whole week hanging out with my family.
I got the laundry and almost the entire house clean.
ate a delicious hamburger for dinner 
Getting a five dollar bonus.
I am always amused watching my dogs slip and slide when running around the corner in the hallway when I call them. 
My happiest moment was when I gave birth to my son. After nine long months of waiting to meet him, at last that day came. I was just so happy, and its unexplainable!
Last night I went out to dinner to Cheddar's Scratch Kitchen and I had the buffalo chicken wrap and it was delicious. 
I saw a shooting star
My wife got out of work early today. 
I got up and made breakfast.
Having the weekend off of work.
A small basketball competition was held at work with small three-person teams and my team came out on top.
while traveling back from office i always get huge traffic, but today there was no traffic at all.
I woke up to my roommates having breakfast made already and inviting me for some.
I found a brand of green tea that I like. 
I cleaned my room.
My sister and I were watching television and a commercial came on that made us really laugh.  I looked at her laughing and smiling and it really made me feel good.
I turned on my computer and put my feet up to relax and chill for the weekend. 
Yesterday My cousin invited me for his son's first birthday. It was a surprise and a happy occasion as the baby was a precious one which born after 14 years of marriage.
I ate fast food. 
I will spend some time with my sister
My younger brother gave me Rs 1000 from the money he earned.
Meet my daily mturk goal ahead of schedule.
I helped my sister with some personal finance questions and she thanked me for the advice.
I booked a nice hotel for our trip to Florida next month
Last night I was drinking and dinning with my coworkers we have a great time.
pulling up to costco to get gas and there not being any lines to the pumps.
Eating pizza for dinner with my wife made me happy.
I will pay bills with no problem because of today
I had a few specialty beers from a local brewery.
my memorable day is my school days. i enjoy  a lot with my school friend 9 and 10 class ..we sitted in last bench. we don't no any about subject i always be failed in all exams. but last time in 10th i am passed .so surprise for me. so i finally passed....
My package came in the mail.
I got lucky opening packs in a card game.
Read a good book for the first time in a while.
I had a funny conversation with a friend.
I got to spend time with my daughter all my morning while my wife ran errands.
When I got my tax refund back, I was happy.
I made a ham and cheese omelette for breakfast and it was delicious.
Waking up to the sounds of birds chirping and the sun in your face, all with a (relatively) carefree day ahead is always a happy experience and something looked forward to!
I drank some coffee this morning and ate a chickpea and onion sandwich.
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me "I don't know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this much"
I want to share every moment of my life with friend.. the good and the bad. I want to cry on your shoulder when sad and I want to laugh sitting beside you. He is the love of my life
we well com in 24 hoers in my life You know those little things that make your day shine? ... And a complete feedback that has only the best intentions can transform your day in a ... Whether it's keeping up on current events, a new hobby or interest or simply any new ... What other small things have made you happy during your work hours  in my life happy in my life is 
Talking to my girlfriend on skype, it was good to see her and talk to her.
My boyfriend got big nose.
We all attended a friend's marriage reception and met many of my old friends.
I found out I'm getting government money back.
I had delayed it for so long, but I cleaned my ENTIRE apartment (from top to bottom) without taking a single break.
This morning, I slept late which made me feel amazing.  I felt like I had control over when I would wake up, and there is nothing quite like that feeling.  
When i reach my goals that moment will be the happiest moment in my life..
I took my wife to temple today early morning to get blessings of god and we are very happy enjoying our life 
My husband went grocery shopping and made tacos for dinner, so I did not have to cook. I was not feeling very well so it was nice to not have to go to the store or make dinner.
The jeans website said if I posted and sold the jeans on eBay I shouldn't accept anything under a $100.00.
My new drill arrived via UPS yesterday. I have wanted an 18v cordless Bosh drill for YEARS and finally got it yesterday. Previously I could never justify the price since I already have a cordless drill, but by saving gift cards and watching out for sales I was finally able to purchase one through Sears. It made me happy because it cost me almost nothing out-of-pocket and I finally have something I want. I waited for the battery to charge, grabbed some scrap wood and drill bits, and when it was finally charged I gave it a test. It is exactly what I wanted and waiting as long as I have for it makes it that much better.
Walking outside was great. It made me feel refreshed.
Having a full breakfast and having good coffee in the morning made me happy.
I realized that I have been blessed to retire in 10 years.
I finally watched season 2, episode one of Attack on Titan. 
The day with my friend feel me very happy. I remember all the past things happen in my school days. We enjoy and have dinner. 
I taught and received payment for several music lessons.
I got to sleep in rather than getting up early.
After we finished movie we went buy toys for my son he like digital toys I want to give him surprise so I buyed robot toys its talk and play music which is so good hear
I walked my dogs yesterday at our high school.
Playing video games as a form of entertainment and distraction
I got to have time alone with  my husband without the kids around. 
my cute pet cesar gave a birth of four lovely babies named as rosy,blacky,baby and puppy.
My iphone was fully charged this morning.
Playing fetch with my dog in the backyard. 
Watched a nice movie
I am planning a trip to go visit my grandchildren in a few weeks and I haven't been with them in over a year because they live so far away and it is expensive to go there. Yesterday my daughter-in-law said that she would like to do a grandmother/grandchildren photo session while I am there visiting (photography is a hobby of hers) and that made me very happy because I love having pictures of my grandchildren. This will be a special time for me to have a visual to remember it by.
My boyfriend and I went out grocery shopping together which was very relaxing.
I ate a cupcake.
Yesterday was my cheat day so I went to In-Out and had a really unhealthy meal. It was absolutely delicious and I regret nothing.
I got a take and bake pizza on sale and added chicken and barbecue sauce to it - delicious !
I crossed off some things on my to-do list.
The moment when i got a Gift from my job mates. It was a surprise gift.
 I had some one on one time with my son, so we went to the park and got ice cream 
right now , the weather around here has not been  as cold as it was yesterday,, slightly warmer , and i really like it this way .
My wife made the most awesome homemade pancake breakfast for me.
I finished a difficult programming project and submitted my results.
I got to watch TV during the morning instead of waiting until after work to get home and watch TV.
Actually i got a work from mturk which has been stopped for me quite past months. I really happy that, again they opened that work for me , i am very much happy.
i was happy when i get to see my favorite movie again
My flowers are trying to peek through the ground, meaning spring is here
i watched a movie with my girlfriend before bed.
I started planning my Disney World trip yesterday.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

I downloaded a bunch of shows to watch, and they all finished quickly.
I went to the gym and benched more than I thought I could. 
I talked to friends online. I have been trying to do this more, since I almost exclusively spoke with my ex during our time together.
My favorite team in NBA Atlanta Hawks beat the defending champs Cleveland Cavaliers.
I finally got my last paycheck 
I watched The Masters golf tournament on television.
The neighbor finally moved his truck from within inches of my driveway.
I made a new fritatta recipe this morning and it turned out to be cooked perfectly and delicious.
Having an hour to myself to get work done yesterday, thanks to my mother-in-law taking my daughter to lunch.
Drawing my car sketch for the day and seeing the progress I have made in perspective drawings
I got a lot of chores done around the house.
An old friend texted me. 
Yesterday was payday so now I have enough money to cover this month's rent that was 3 days past due.
Seeing my mom smile up at me as soon as I walked trough the door this morning.
I got my nails done.
Watching my daughter excel at gymnastics practice fills me with happiness.
I went out to dinner with friends.
My cat came up and meowed to me for attention, so I started petting her and she laid down and exposed her belly, purring loudly as I stroked her. 
I went to function with my sister .
I received a bonus from my employer for the company doing well this past quarter.
I finally got my fitbit to synch with my new phone. 
At the night, when I went a meeting with my friends at a restaurant 
I ate lunch outside.
I found out my favorite ice cream brand has come out with four new flavors.
I played new video games on Xbox.
In my life I've gone through a lot of really hard times. I went through depression and had so many challenges that I overcame. And I overcame because I just decided to be happy.

Ate a madeleine with my matcha latte.
Bonus showed up in my pay for this week, so that is a very nice surprise and made me happy.
The weather is really beautiful today. I went outside to check the mail and it's just super sunny. Just my kind of weather.
TODAY I LEARN NEW SKILLS
I got tickets to Comic-Con.
In the past 24 hrs I got a holiday from my work n I spent full time with my family n I was happy to stay at home with. Y family 
I won a $5 gift card last night.
I recovered from a bout of nausea and started feeling better.
My knees felt okay, and I went outside and went for a long run in some great weather. 
I sold 3 of my books yesterday at a booksigning.
My girlfriend gave me news she got accepted back to school!
I saw the newest episode of Workaholics and it was pretty funny overall. I am sad to see the show end, but happy to see it go out on a high note rather than ware itself out.
My relative marriage got fixed
I went home and had some coffee and biscuits and watched TV.
Finished a huge writing assignment :)
I finished a good book.
Looking at the beauty of the flower garden that I laid pine straw in a couple days ago.
The sun finally came out after what feels like weeks.
When I opened up our clan chest in Clash Royale.
I went out to eat at an steakhouse with my wife and some friends.  The food and service were excellent.  I had a good time.
I had a nice mountain hike today
I mam buying new shoes (just because). 
I was happy when I got a text from a friend I haven't spoken to in awhile.
Having a nice dinner at a restaurant with a friend.
I got off work for the weekend.
I got to sleep in this morning.
My husband told me he got a bonus at work.
A client congratulated me on a job well done and a successful closing.
I ate some good food at Bar Louie as they had some amazing nachos.
My dad came over this morning and it made me happy to see him.
While listening to a radio station on Spotify, an old favorite song came on that I hadn't heard for several years.
Learning that my recycling efforts are rubbing off on my friends.  Makes me feel good they are actually going to try recycling and being more Earth Conscientious.  I have hopes they will do more to save the planet with me. 
Was approved to take next Friday off of work to drive down to my hometown to visit my family for Easter. 
After so long i went to temple tonight, it was so peaceful and happiness after a long time. 
An event that made me happy was that I found an old CD with music I have not heard in a long time.
I ate a delicious breakfast.
I ate a spicy chicken wrap that I enjoyed. 
I had a Skype session with my sister and nieces which is rare due time schedules and they were cracking me up. 
I bought a new comforter set for my bed.
I found the amiibo my daughter wanted included with a game at Wal-Mart, so I picked it up for the Easter Bunny to deliver soon.
I had a good dinner last night that consisted of chicken patties and sides.
Had the house to myself when I got home. No kids or wife!!!
Having dinner with my family, sitting around talking and being able to spend quality time with them last night. 
I met a guy from texas whod never been to jersey and he gave me a great tip.
I ate cake, which is a rare treat for me.
I won a contest
While out walking I found a dollar on the ground, it was a nice feeling to get lucky and find something, regardless of it only being a dollar it was a nice pick me up.
My boss gave next week off for a job well done.
I found out that I have training on Wednesday so I get to miss an hour of work.
I woke up to a beautiful, sunny, spring day, so I can go outside and play with all of my animals.  
I'm satisfied with the refurbished laptop I ordered from eBay.
Going on a Bike ride up the Mountains.
Just shooting the breeze and making small talk with my brother.
Saw my girlfriend after a long day of work.
My husband and I had an enjoyable evening, relaxing in front of our favorite show with a couple glasses of wine at the end of a good day.
I fit into jeans that I haven't been able to fit into for a year!
I packed my things to go visit my niece and nephews in the south.
yesterday my father got a promotion at government of india my father and my family members very happy that moment
I found some change behind my bed
I have successfully transitioned to a vegan diet and not wanted to eat 'food with a face' in three weeks.  I feel great and at peace with being a vegan.
I have a daughter. She is my life, I'm very happy for my daughter, her name is BIHU , she is very beautiful and sweet, I'm very happy for this. 
I had a spare keyboard when my z,x,c keys stopped working.
I went rock climbing with my girlfriend and successfully completed what to me were difficult courses.
Friday is something of a day off after working late on Thursday, and I slept in allowing me to catch up on rest and experience vivid dreams.
I found a t-shirt I had been looking for all week.
I found a good movie in tv, and now I do not have to spend hours searching for something good to watch.
Both my 17 year old cat's blood work improved.
I was able to fix an overdrawn account via a loan from a close friend. 
I finally made progress on cleaning my room up.
I got contacted by a woman at my church who told me that I'm doing a really good job and she never wants to see me leave.
watching a new thriller movie
I was happy when I ate a chocolate caramel fondant for dessert on Friday evening as a special treat.  
in the last 24 hours after we had done my sister marriage . we all my family members along with my sister's husband went to a famous temple in my city. i had felt very happy
Went to see a movie in theaters.
I was complimented on my hair.
A sales representative for one of the products that I sell bought me lunch today.
My girlfriend came over and we hadn't seen each other in a couple days. It was nice to catch up.
Got a new high score in Tetris.
I took a hot shower.
Guests visited my home and gave me a surprise made me very happy
I got to pet a dog.
My girlfriend and I had a nice discussion about the future. 
I made myself breakfast yesterday which is not very common so that made me content.
I got a full night's sleep last night for the first time in a long while. 
Actually last night I saw a new cute image of my favourite actress on her social networking page, which made me feel really very very happy.
That a friend received an award and medal, very proud of her
Relaxing on the couch after a fun day.
I slept in on a Saturday for the first time in months. 
I won a bet on golf
I just had a delicious omelet for lunch. 
My cat made me happy in the past 24 hours.
It was my daughter's birthday and I bought her a gift, a cake and took her to the movies to see "Logan."
My daughter wanted me to braid her hair for the first time.
I am happy that its the weekend after a long work week.
Finally got to watch the movie, Kong Skull Island, last night.
My wife and I made love this morning.
I felt stronger when I was working out.
I came to Starbucks this morning to be productive, and now I'm drinking coffee and feeling ready to take on my school work.
the happiest movement is change to person to person and time to time, as far as regarding my happiest movement is
concerned when i completed my high school, it is definitely an unforgettable movement for me all my family members was
waiting my result, it was just momentum movement.
My sister bought pizza and shared a piece with me.
My favourite actor movie released on yesterday.So we are enjoy every movement for Songs,Comedy,Romantic, Centiment,Fight scene and thriller scene.
I have been so busy with work, when my wife surprised me with my favorite dinner. Fried chicken from my local supermarket, chow mein, and a beer. 
CELEBRATE THE FRIENDS BIRTHDAY PARTY

i am very happy in work time
I went out to lunch and got top sirloin, sweet potato, and broccoli.
Today in college sports event, i won my tennis match. The game was very tough and i am very happy that i won the match today. 
Without a way back to my own time, I was left to have my child and be a single mother. Time passed, and eventually I grew old and lived quite alone. It was a surprise to see that I had been invited to that year's family reunion, as I never got an invitation.. But I was glad for it.
I watched a movie with my family.
I watched the rainbow six community cup live streamed.
Listening to cool music with my new bestie.
Rewarded myself with Subway on the way back from home. Tasted great!
I got all of my laundry done that i needed to do for the past 2 weeks.
My husband prepared a coffee with lots of love to wake me up.  I was so surprised and happy. 
that day my birthday, as usual I got up and went to my compound, one new CAR parked in front of my  house,I asked my father, then he greeted me and told its my birthday gift, that moment never forget in my life, feel great.
I fixed up my sound system to my TV that had previously given me many issues.
One of my acquaintance paid me the money he owed me. 
went to a movie of my favourite hero
Friends visited me late last night and just came up and talked even though we haven't done that in a while.
Finally, another event that made me happy was to apply for jobs in an industry that I had let myself get out of years back that I really did have an interest in. 
We went to a sushi place for lunch.  I had a pork cutlet curry bowl and my son had chicken don.  Both dishes were great and we shared with each other.  He ate the whole bowl again.  I was amazed at his ability to eat today.  
I found ten bucks I didn't know I had.
got an appraisal from my boss
I slept for 12 hours last night and woke up feeling incredibly refreshed.
Resolving a conflict with my fiance
I exercised for a long time.
Finishing work early to start the weekend. 
I was suffering from terrible constipation for few weeks.  I made changes to my diet and started working out regularly and this morning I realized my bowel movement was normal again.  I felt proud of making lifestyle changes and improving my health.
I found out the wind damage was not as bad as I thought.
I was able to watch a new episode of my favorite show
I played with my dog at the park.
Going to the movies and watching Kong: Skull Island and loving it.
Went out to dinner to celebrate my father's 67th birthday.
Heard from a dear friend who was with her family on a weekend trip.  All arrived there safely and they were sightseeing.
Watching my favorite show made me happy.
I watched Guardians of the Galaxy with my brother.
I received a job offer for a job that is very well-paying.
I cleaned the yard and listened to the birds sing.  I love it when the yard is cleaned.  
I played Zelda on the Nintendo Switch
I made breakfast faster than normal.
I got to help March of Dimes by volunteering.
I kept up with my daily workout routine and ran six miles. 
I ate pho for dinner
My husband is home and we can spend time together
I received a gift from my girlfriend and I am happy.
Governor Brown officially declared the California drought over.
One of my sisters posted several pics of her vacation on Facebook and I enjoyed seeing them.
Today the  kids I worked with this week visited my blog, and the teacher just told me how happy they were to read more about my music and read my post about their school on the web.
I won a few games of pool in a row against some people who are good shots.
I revisited a restaurant that I haven't been to for a while, and it was delicious.
When i left work and it was sunny outside that made me happy. 
I woke up to a big home cooked breakfast and spent time with my family.
GOT NEW SPORTS SHOE
Received an email saying I had been given a nice-sized bonus for work that I did weeks ago on Mturk and I had totally forgotten about the promised bonus so that pays for my dutch oven purchase and I'm one happy gal.
I wa able to sleep in till 9 am.
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was dancing to loud music while being home alone.
yes i am happy to lunch and i like items
I took a drive into the countryside with my family.
i went to olive garden to buy some amazing food for myself and the kids.
It is my mother's birthday today, so I'm really exited to go and see her today.
Eating cereal for lunch made me happy.
I found a five dollar bill on the ground and bought myself coffee with it.
I went on a run and that always makes me feel good.
Went out to get lunch
I finally got my dishwasher fixed that had been broken for four months.
My husband is going to make a doggy door for my dog in the shed.
I booked a trip to meet my baby nephew for the first time.
My significant other helped me research food I can eat since I have had surgery and took me to the store to help me stock the house with food and snacks I can have.
I went grocery shopping and saved 15 dollars in coupons!
I drank a beer from my favorite brewery.
I played Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate. 
Went to eat at one of my favorite restaurants. 
I found out Superstore has a new episode on Hulu.
My partner and I went out for dinner at a Mexican restaurant.
realizing that i graduate in 34 days makes me really happy
Traffic was really fast last night on my commute home, which rarely happens!
I was happy to wake up this morning and have breakfast with my husband.
I was able to spend a lot of time playing video games in an otherwise busy day.
I went to my girlfriends house and we just played video games, it was great seeing her and just relaxing.
My dog did well at training.
I took a walk downtown in a town I like but don't usually visit. 
My housemate suggested to go for a walk, beautiful weather, and we had a 1.5 hour walk.
I was happy when I almost dropped a bottle of barbeque sauce but managed to catch it at the last second.
When we had a baby.
Today, I got easy files in my work that moment feels very happy.
A small trip with my neighbors was enjoyable time.
I watched the first episode of Attack on Titans Season 3 , I am in love with that anime 
It was Friday 5pm about 22 hours ago which meant I got to kick off the weekend!
I got out and played in the rain.
I was able to hang up my punching bag from the ceiling by myself.
I got a haircut
Having a "good hair day" and just being able to comb my hair and walk out the door without any fussing or tying it back to hide it! 
I got an email from an old friend.
After spending a few hours, I managed to make my code work again. It was an old code that needed some updates.
An event that made me happy was cooking dinner with my mom while talking about our day.
I arrived at the CLPP conference for reproductive justice -- my favorite conference to go to.
Sitting with my daughter watching a movie
I had food to eat for breakfast. 
Put on warm socks.
My daughter baked a cake for my sons birthday. 
I led a wonderful Girl Scout meeting last night.  
I was able to buy new shoes yesterday.
This morning i made myself a big delicious breakfast since I did not have any plans.
The third event that made me happy is that I woke up five minutes early and was able to lay in bed and enjoy the birds chirping. 
I finished some chores today that have been on my list for awhile.  I felt accomplished and happy stuff is finally put away and looking good!
I watched the Walking Dead, I binged watched it with the parents. 
I realized the sun had come out after a bad bit of rain we had.
My daughter came to visit me.
I watched a good movie.
Went shopping with my little sister and had some quality time with her
I was happy when I bought a new case for my phone.
I realized how easy it is to take apart my new sleep mask.
I met someone from a dating website that was even more attractive that their picture represented.
At work there is this older woman that does not like me. She keeps being rude to me and talks to me like I am a child. I am happy that I did not respond to her because I may loose my job.
I stepped on the scale and found I had lost 3 pounds in the last week.
Bought a new bike 
I got some samples in the mail that I was waiting for.
I was at a fast food restaurant with my friend, and the restaurant was running a promotion for free food. I told my friend about the promotion and he was grateful.
I shipped out my ebay item I sold and I got some money for it, now I have a little to spend and buy myself some nice clothes or shoes.
I dropped my fiance off at work this morning, which means that I will be picking her up tonight as well. 
I ate chipotle and it was really good. 
It was Saturday morning so I got to sleep in a little bit!
#3 Friend Jim called that I haven't spoke with in several months.
I learned what I needed to fix for Tai Chi.
playing with my cat
The sight of two old ladies, giggling at a bus stop, made me very happy.
My daughter and I just finished playing tennis at the local park.  
I went to bed very early because i was really tired
My girlfriend made me soup, her own improvised recipe. It was delightfully tasteful.
My weekend started. 
My mom made a pie and brought it over just for me.
My dog woke me up this morning when he pushed his way under the covers and cuddled up next to me
Met my grandma and grandfather
I showed my daughter her first ladybug in the garden.
I didn't have to sit in an MRI machine anymore.
I received a part in that mail I had been waiting on for a few months to fix one of my electronic cigarette tanks.
Eating a smoothie for breakfast that was homemade. 
I was able to fix my office chair instead of spending a lot of money buying a new chair.
I got to take the day off from my part time job and spend some time with both my kids.
I am going to the Bahamas next week, constants thought of it have made me happy over the last 24 hours.
Fresh snow on the ground, even though I would love it to leave a light dusting on all the trees makes it look so beautiful.
I watched a movie I enjoyed on Netflix. I thought the characters were cool.
When a friend called and asked if I could drive her kid to work, I was happy to help her out.
My third happy moment was recent, it was when after a great emotional storm, I could see that I still love my husband, despite the problems and the rupture, loving him makes me happy.
Went to park with my child
I received a postcard from my aunt from her trip, it was fun to read. 
In the last 24 hours I received a plate of brownies from a neighbor as a thank you for doing some things for her.  Totally unnecessary and unexpected but a happy moment
Tomorrow planned to go for a new movie and I got ticket too and that moment feels happy.
Purchased a cold air intake for my vehicle.
I received extra credit on a quiz I took yesterday.
I rode home on my bike, it  felt really windy, so I felt like a badass.
That I found out that my mother in law does not have pneumonia like she thought.
I got to go pick up my dog from my in law's house last night.   It made me happy to see my dog so happy to see me again.
I found out that my friend is going to help me with our chemistry homework that's due this weekend. 
I won a quiz competition against my opponent.
I have free Showtime and HBO for the weekend.
i worked all day and felt satisfied after
I really enjoyed getting a ton of beauty products on sale at Ulta.
I learned how to play a new song on my ukulele
I created a character animation in a program and it was easier than expected.
In the past 24 hour I took a really long shower and got dressed for the day. 
I had a very tasty sub sandwich from Publix.
I found a potato in the microwave that my roommate left for me.
My boyfriend told me he was in love with me.
Took my atv out for a ride on our trails in the woods. I rode for over an hour.
I helped an elderly person do errands, and I did some chores for her.
I got a well deserved promotion at my workplace today... That I got this overtaking many others gave me lot of joy and happiness...
My son is obsessed with Bill Nye the Science Guy and that makes me remember my childhood and that makes me happy.
I watched One Punch Man and let out a quick laugh for the first time in a while.
I had a productive day at work, got a lot done.
I found out yesterday that I am getting a raise at my job and it is a pretty significant raise.
I did an important task I had been putting off for a long time. 
My wife and I were discussing my wife's pregnancy with her best friend.
Eating greek yogurt before bed.
I thought I had lost my keys, but they just slipped out of my pocket and fell between my car seats.
I had a good conversation with my brother on the phone as it is always good to connect with him. 
I got a text messages from some friends in London.
I beat Fallout New Vegas Old World Blues.
I had lunch with my two best friends.
I was promoted to Phase II of training early. 
My boyfriend was over and we gave each other back, leg and foot massages.
I have listened to a lot of good albums.
I got to sleep in for 8 hours 
An event that happened in the past 24 hours that made me happy, was I met new people and engaged in great conversations. 
I was able to go for a bike ride; I love cycling, and it was the first day this year that it was warm enough to go out.
Later that night, we ordered pizza and watched TV.
I started getting into fountain pens. So I started searching for one that I liked. It took me a long time to learn brands and classifications of different pens. I got to the point where there was end in sight. After seeing what must have been more than ten dozen pens. By some luck I put a video that showcased a pen that I liked and fit my budget. It made me happy since the search was over.
This morning I was able to sleep in for one of the first times in ages!
I talked to my friend, on Skype.
Seeing this hit made me happy, you guys are awesome and just thinking about my happiness makes me happy!!!
I have had plenty of work to keep me busy today.
My mom called me and we talked for a while.
I slept a lot
I remembered I had some taquitos in the fridge and am not going to starve right now!
I got a letter in the mail from a close friend. She included some cute stickers and a postcard for my collection. 
A family member brought me some good food and a few helpful items.
I was able to accomplish all my goals at work.
This evening I checked a financial report concerning an interesting stock and decided that I will purchase it in the coming week.  
I donated a lot of my old clothes and belongings to a Women's Shelter.
I ate a hot fudge brownie sundae for dessert tonight.
Talked to an old friend on Facebook.
I had a very good conversation with the girl I'm interested in.
I got my work for the weekend done ahead of time.
I had a good night's sleep
I beat a level I was stuck on in a computer game. 
the lending agency i am working with informed that my credit will go up next week after paying off my car
Something that made me happy today was taking my dog on a walk. 
I found a great special on pineapples and as I don't get to buy them very often it was a real treat.
I ate a good burger.
I got a gift from my friend without any reason.
I was able to find time to play a game I enjoy.
I also had asked around to see if a friend could send me a little money so that I could pay for public transportation, even though I did not get a response until after I had gotten picked up by a different friend, I was very grateful. 
My dog got his shots
I was happy when I woke up in the morning and was able to relax without having to rush to do anything.
I wrote a really cool riff on my guitar
I helped my daughter get ready for a test
Went for dinner at casino, then after we decided to gamble a little bit. Use my player rewards,  $10 in free play cash and won $787.00.
I got great sleep last night and slept in this morning
I started to break out of my writer's block and started writing again for the first time in months.
I bought treats for my pet going to the store and meeting a friend there.
I had great sex with my husband.
Got some good news at work.
My girlfriend said i make her happy.
I had a date with my girlfriend.
A friend of mine who had been sick for a few days said that she was cleared by her doctor so we could hang out again.
My cousin had a birthday party today and we had lots of fun
It's absolutely gorgeous outside and I got to work on a project in the sunshine.
Got to sleep in a little this morning.
I had three slices of pizza for breakfast.
I was told this fact by the Sisters of Saint Joseph while I was growing up in Catholic School. As were many other kids. It's meant as a testament to God above science. As the story goes, scientists and aerodynamic experts got together and did the math and realized that with its mass and wingspan a bumblebee isn't capable of generating the lift needed to get airborne. Put more simply: a bumblebee cannot fly. It's too fat and its wings are too short.
I finally was able to get rid of a couple pieces of furniture that I had been trying to throw away for several weeks.
I received a discount on lunch
I got my coworker number her name is Tearja also i like her made me happy when i got her cell phone number.
I got a great sleep that left me very refreshed.
I took my granddaughter to the park and then to get ice cream.
Watching an episode of The Office while eating lunch.
Playing with the dog outside while breakfast was being made. 
I found one of my favorite TV shows on and it was the first time I watched it in years. Not only did I see one episode, but it was back-to-back so I got to see 2 episodes! It sounds small, but it brought back memories from when I was younger.
I washed my pajamas and when I took them out of the dryer they were warm, soft, and fresh.
I learned to play some new chords on the guitar and I feel like I am getting better at playing.
Talking with my husband during a 5k
I saw a Facebook post from a friend who is going to be coming for a surprise visit for my wife.
I drove around with a friend and we listened to music.
My dog was super happy to see me when I got home from lunch.
I finally got to see the guy I like after two weeks of not seeing him. 
Watching a movie that I'd never heard of which turned out to be really good.
I cooked a few egg sandwiches with potatoes and sausage and it was very tasty.
My cats were excited to see me when I woke up. 
I met friends at the movie theater and we watched a film together last evening.
I woke up to a smiling baby right in my face. 
This morning I successfully installed Linux Mint 18 on my old netbook.
I completed a task that no one, including myself, thought that I could do.
When i got to take a nap today after work, and woke up feeling refreshed and happy. 
My kid was really good at the grocery store.
I ate at a nice Mexican restaurant.
I have a couple of good beers waiting for me to drink. 
My wife and I played darts.
went to the beach
I attended an interfaith community workshop and got to talk to people about building community and unity. 
found a pair of shoes on sale.
I listened to "International Players Anthem" by Outkast and UGK.

They feel validated by stories in which a human believed a computer was wrong, ignored the computer's advice, turned out to be right--and got a happy ending instead of the ominous "what if ..." of heeding the computer.
I woke up before the alarm and felt more refreshed.
The neighbors are having a party and they are playing really great music.
Last night, I was delivered two packages of clothes I had ordered, being a pair of urban-recon pants in khaki that fit perfectly and I'm wearing as we speak, and two women's scarves that are the exact size of a shemagh but made of rayon that will be PERFECT for keeping mule dust out of my nose and the sun off my head while hiking in the Grand Canyon. 
Browsing the internet, reading new books and learning made me happy.
I was productive and went to the gym
I'm rather a clutter when it comes to email, yesterday I managed to decrease my inbox by a substantial number of unread emails before sleeping and it felt really good.
I made swedish cardamom rolls for breakfast and they were fantastic.
Was not late to getting in car line
I was happy today because my 2 year old said "thank you" when I gave her something. 
I played with my dog at the park. 
Went on a hike with my dogs.
I had a great workout in the park.
I was last happy when an event I organized went smoothly. I signed up my daughter's class to help clean up areas in our city. The kids and adults all had a blast. It was nice to see everyone having a good time. 
My sister has a new horse, for her horses competition
A visiting friend told me he liked a meal I cooked previously very much and hoped I would make it again for dinner tonight.
I ate one piece of chocolate from a fancy chocolatier.
I ate a red beet egg.
Skateboarding alters your perceptions of urban space forever. Bland 1960s architectural eyesores become a creative challenge awaiting skate exploration. With the streets as your playground, loyal friendships are formed - a wolf pack of sorts - with whom you roam, hunting out new challenges and opportunities and Relationships with fellow skateboarders traverse international borders because the sport brings with it a global bond of sincerity. You know endless good times await - you're a global conquistador aboard four wheels and seven layers of Canadian plywood.. and when i fall my friends cheer me up. when i land a trick that the most never ending happiness.
Finishing my taxes today made me happy and filled with relief.
We had a barbecue at my house next to my family and neighbors, we had a great time together.
I was able to get a bunch of surveys done yesterday that I don't normally apply for, so I made some good extra money.
Waking up to my amazing husband of 10 years (together 15). The small morning chit-chat and joking that we still have every single day. It's just amazing and I am so thankful. It makes me start everyday off with a giant smile & a feeling of happiness.
My son called just to say hi and to check on me.
i took my son to play soccer with me
I was happy to find out that Adrian is going to go to the Jesse Dayton show tonight with me, because I haven't seen him in forever.
After visiting my mom yesterday, she sent me home with strawberry shortcake. Yum Yum  
Receiving an A on an assignment.
I ate lunch with some coworkers.
I was happy that I went for a manicure and pedicure.
I got an unexpected letter in my email from an old friend.
buying clothing this afternoon.
All the time individuals don't recollect their step by step schedule, be that as it may if something ordinary or additional standard happens. It can be critical and striking for whatever is left of their lives. For me, such striking yesterday event was the light show of moving wellsprings. I saw this show interestingly recently and feel so glad.
I spent time with an acquaintance and now we've become more like friends.
I washed my pillow case and now it smells nice.
I said goodbye to my co-worker that I just spent a lot of time with
I got free breakfast. 
I made it to both fog doors on dark souls 3 - Ashes of Ariendal.  It was a bit of a battle, but I fought well.
I secretly gave a homeless man some money. My girlfriend and I were walking around a park at night. It was dark out and we were looking at a covered area that had a picnic table on it, considering bringing the kid down for a picnic the next day. As we got closer, we noticed a homeless man was sleeping on the table. He was in an old sleeping bag and had a few bags of his possessions around him. We both decided to not disturb the old man and go somewhere else. We got back in the car and I still didn't feel okay.

I saw a pen and paper in my car so I wrote the guy a note: "Hey there! Here's some cash for a hot cup of coffee and some breakfast tomorrow. Hope you have a wonderful day today!"

We crept back over and I stealthily slid the note and cash under one of his bags. There's truly nothing happier than doing something for somebody else.
I played guitar.
I watched Shark Tank and drank coffee after my jog.
I was happy that it's the weekend because I will get lots of rest and studying done.
I read a good book.
I was able to fall asleep quickly last night and wake refreshed breaking a cycle of a week long tiredness.
I watched a friend stream live poker online.
My cat just took a nap in my lap. 
I gave a pretty good lecture and my students thought the material I taught them was cool. 
My boyfriend surprised me by cooking a huge amazing breakfast for me while I was still asleep.
I received a check in the mail for $100 from a contest i entered.
I was able to have my weekly breakfast date with two of my nieces.  It is a special even that I get to participate in every Saturday morning for years now.
My girlfriend and I put on fun music and danced in the kitchen while making dinner. 
I found twenty dollars in my pocket that I thought I lost.
A friend I haven't talked with in a while texted me out of the blue.
My friend gave me some sticker sheets for my planner. I thought she was going to give me maybe 2 sheets of stickers but she gave me like 20.
I deposited a check at the bank rather than just cashing it. 
I finished a good book.
I got compliments on a post on my tumblr blog.
I used a vending machine in my apartment complex and it gave me 2 of the item I wanted.
Watching my daughter try to figure out a puzzle on her own, she is three.
I appreciated getting help with a pool pump in repairing it.
I got to sleep all night without having any nightmares about my in-laws.
I took my dog for a long walk around my apartment complex.
Watching a movie with my family made me happy. 
My niece and nephew both gave me a hug goodbye.
I enjoyed a relaxing night at home watching a funny television show.
I went to my grandmother's house to rolled my aunt's hair. So after I was finished with her hair she said that she would buy me some lunch. I was so happy and so I ordered some wings as my lunch. So she went to the bank because she didn't have enough money and just gave me a $20 bill. I was so happy that she was generous to give more than she was planning to give. 
I finished all of my homework due this weekend.
Seeing the people who live on the other side of our duplex moving more things out today really makes me feel hopeful for the summer.
I was talking to my sister about the progress that my autistic nephew has been making. Hearing that he is speaking, at least a little bit, is a great joy to me. Any progress he makes makes me very happy.
Running into friends downtown and feeling like we truly were a part of our community.
I took my family out to eat and we were the only customers in the restaurant, so we were able to just enjoy spending time together.
I made a useful post in a forum I belong to.
Started work on a physical project, a bar
When I went to Sonic and ate a big ass burger.
I got new makeup in the mail from Sephora! 
My husband picked flowers from me from the walking trail about a mile away from our house just to bring them home and surprise me with them!
Our youngest daughter came to visit us this weekend. 
I watched a movie with my friends last night and it made me happy because I was finally able to relax and not think about work.
I called my boyfriend and we talked about our day.
I was able to successfully complete my tasks. In addition, I received a discount for doing such a great job with my finances.
I spent the morning playing video games. 
Getting dividends in the mail
I was happy that my favorite baseball team won their game today.
My husband called and told me something cute that my son said. 
express my feeling about things when discuss something with my friends
My mom used one of the pictures I took of her dog facing the wrong way at a parade in something called "The Happy Dog Challenge".
I finished reading a book that I've spent a long time trying to finish; I found some spare time every other night for the last month and finished it tonight
I am learning to live in the moment: for example whats making me happy at this very moment is that I'm sitting on the couch, drinking a cup of coffee, listening to the sweet sound of my kids playing and watching Trolls.
Celebrating with my sister in law over having her braces removed.
My package finally arrived.
Purchased my Tipper and Friends tickets for a Florida vacation!
I had dinner in a new restaurant that I had been wanting to try. 
I watched a good movie.
I was able to relax in bed and have a moment to think and reflect.
I made plans to spend time with friends tonight.
Having a coffee with my best friend made me happy.
I took a walk outside with my wife when it was beautiful and sunny.
I enjoyed my breakfast this morning.
I discovered my 1 year old niece learned how to say "I love you"!
Hearing that my son made it home from the mall, he got stranded for a while.
I got to see my friend who I have not seen in a while.
A free cup of iced macchiato at Starbucks (thanks to rewards points).
I went to the mall and looked at makeup.
i haven't seen this HIT in a few days and it showed up again, yay. glad to see it is still running. good for a mood lift + good pay for the time spent.
I was happy that me children had a go time with their grandparents. They play water fight with the family.  They had fun, that made me happy. 
Watched a fun action show on netflix.
I found $10 in my jacket that i was putting in to be washed.
Finding that someone had posted online about something obscure that I've been researching. I was so surprised to find information about it. 
I got the yard work done and I had a glass of wine.
I got a lot of chores around the house done today before i went to work. My to do list had grown very large over the last few days and I knocked off a large part of it today.
After breakfast I deep cleaned my kitchen.
It was payday!
Eating breakfast.
I made my goal for Mturk for today even though it has been slow. 
I got to curl up with my boyfriend for a nap.
I accomplished a new goal at my gym.
A friend of my childhood uploaded a photo on facebook of when we were children.
My grandmother came over to visit for the first time in a couple months.
I thought about how lucky I am to have clean clothes, shelter, and good food.
I woke up at 7AM, which is earlier than usual.
I cleaned my entire house very early today so I could relax.
My fiance bought me 2 bottles of wine.
Someone agreed with me in a political debate on facebook.
Daughter was singing songs
I finally saved the money to buy the outfit I want to wear to my son's wedding next week and ordered it.
The sunshine and beautiful weather!
I was able to brew tea well. 
I'm working quicker than I thought I would right now. Hopefully that means I'll be finished all of my work sooner than expected today.
I got a 1 hour full body massage today.
I was able to sleep until 9 a.m., which is late for me.
Great conversation with a new friend
I was able to receive a message from my long distance boyfriend.
My father saw me playing soccer for fist time
I chatted with my mother on the phone.
Hanging out with my friends and making hamburgers yesterday
I thought about the future.
I made my favorite meal tonight for dinner, something that I had been craving for a few days but just didn't have a chance to get the ingredients for until today.
What made me happy in the last 24 hours is playing a video game with my nephew

I was informed that I am being seriously considered for a promotion/raise at my job in the next few weeks.
I had a heart to heart conversation with my estranged fiance
Made my amazon turking weekly goal and ordered headphones with a mike so I can listen to music while walking to the park and can complete more amazon turk hits that require audio.
I donated 25 of my favorite books to the library.
Hearing good news from a friend about a job opportunity
My husband said that we could go ahead and spend some extra money in fixing up our garden in the front of the house!
The dining hall had chicken with mashed potatoes and pees today
My kids cleaned up the house while my husband took me out for a couple hours.
Relaxing on a Saturday evening made me happy
Watching the id channel
I am happy that it was warm enough today for me to take my grandsons outside to play.
I was sent an adorable video of a mother cat helping a kitten get a toy off a window sill. 
I got Ramune
I applied for part time jobs and got one interview so far
Today I played an old Breath of Fire game for a bit.
Drove up and down the west coast along the beaches and parks.
I had won quite a few video games today, with my friends. 
My brother brought me home dinner.
I was able to go to my favorite local restaurant and enjoy one of my favorite meals.
Woke up and my head was no longer stuffy.
I went to a church revival.
My son presented me his  fiancee 
I booked a vacation for next fall.
I got a full workout this morning.
I played with my dog and she was very affectionate and happy after being ill for some time.
I saw our bluebird pair on the fence in the back yard, watching over their nest in our birdhouse, which means there must be eggs or babies in there.
Playing my new video game made me happy.  I always enjoy something new, so video games, which are something that i truly enjoy playing, make me feel really happy.
I bought stuff for my kid's easter basket.
I found 20 dollars on the ground.
I cooked a meal for my family and friends that were invited to my house.
the clock finally struck quitting time at work, I got to go home
Showed me denim fabric rendering to a friend and they thought it actually looked like denim.
When I came home from a long day of scuba diving today, my teenage daughter had cooked dinner and it was very good!
I watched some horses race around a track.
I got the kitchen cleaned.
I had a party. 
I found out today I'm getting an extra day off work next week.
I went to the firing range with my friends and had a good time.
I woke up rested and without pain. I've not been sleeping well and have been waking up too early with aches and pains all over. I really needed a good night's rest to feel decent today and I was so happy to wake up feeling rested and having sunshine greet me instead of the gray damp chill of the past two days. 
Bought an new car for little or nothing. now i have to look and see what needs to be repaired. Hopefully its not too bad under the hood.
I was tickled and entertained when my daughter start singing row row your boat. 
Ate a whole cheese pizza
Taking a bath after a busy day
My favorite soccer team won
I saw a friend I haven't seen in over a year last night.
My cat came over to me last night and laid on top of me getting pets for at least fifteen minutes.
I worked very hard at writing one of my stories and made a lot of progress.
I ordered a big delicious pizza and await its delivery.
Looking at the photos and memories stored on my phone of my past travel brings a smile to my face.
Another event that made me happy was getting a text message from my dad asking how I was. My dad and I have always had a strained relationship and don't speak much so to know he made the effort to get my number and reach out made me happy.
I watched the film Birdman with my friend.
The weather was perfect for an early Spring day and I enjoyed being outside for awhile.
I had a really good workout and long relaxing shower afterwards.
Today I watching a movie
Woke up early today and got a lot of personal errands done. Now I can relax for most of tomorrow.
I had a great pizza for dinner.
Last night I was able to see my friends
I went to wal mart and bought some food to cook.
I had a nice conversation with my younger sister during which we made plans to have dinner tomorrow.
In the past 24 hours, I was happy to have an honest discussion with my boyfriend and feel more relieved afterward.
I havent seen my dog all day and got home and got to see him and he was so excited to see me.
My son and I finally tried In N Out.  We are low carbing so had their protein style burgers and were very pleased with how they turned out
I worked on a few pages of a new short story I'm writing.
Watching my 2 year old play baseball for the first time.
I got some quality time with my husband.
Beating a challenging level on the video game I've been playing 
My husband bought me a strawberry limeade from Sonic's, which made me happy.
I was relieved to be home this morning after taking my kids to an Easter egg hunt.
Hearing from a close, older friend that my opinion on parenting techniques and how to handle issues with his troubled son made me happy.
When I got paid for a job yesterday.  Right at the end of the day. 
I ran for two miles this morning.
I saw Beauty and the Beast with my family!
I got accepted for the credit card I've wanted for a long time
i was really happy when i had a chance to run with my friends
I went to the park and ran a mile.
Went shopping and seen they had my favorite pizza on sale.
I went out for a really cheap dinner with my pops tonight, had a coupon for two Whopper Jr. sandwiches, two fries and two drinks for 5 bucks, cheap food and a good time.
We decided to not work today and it was nice not having to sit at a computer all day.
I managed to catch up on my sleep as I had some deadlines to meet recently which keep me up till late the last few days. I feel rested and happy.
I was able to spend time with my two dogs, which made me really happy, especially on our walk.
I cooked a turkey and made mashed potatoes and gravy for my brother and I.  We both enjoyed it.
I was happy this afternoon when a good friend called me, and asked me if I wanted to hang out today and play some yahtzee.
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
My son called me on the phone.
I made vegan mac and cheese with nutritional yeast and it came out perfect. 
I had an enjoyable walk to the mall in pleasant weather yesterday.
I went over to my friend's place and we hung out for awhile.
I received a gift in the mail.
I finished cleaning out my garage.
I was happy that I finally began packing up my things to work on moving back home.
My husband and I had a netflix and chill date last night and the kids (mostly) slept through it - I can't remember the last time we got to watch an entire movie together.
Making breakfast for myself and my roommate this morning made me happy. I love making others happy and food is a good way to do so.
I spent time with good friends playing poker and drinking beer.
After a long time yesterday I took my family to a get together where I met all my cousins and friends and we had very good chit chats which made me happy and relaxed. 
My wife and I found out that we are pregnant!
The event that made me happy was when I used the new car that we bought to go to church.  It was the first time that we brought the car to church.
I asked the girl that I'm pretty much "dating" in a ldr, if she would like to meet in September, she said yes :3
Watching SNL on the couch with my son and my significant other, and laughing at the skits together, was pretty nice.
I have been on a diet for 7 weeks and finally fit into some of my older, and smaller, clothes.
That first beer after a long day. A simple bliss. That stupid thing I was so uptight about simply dissolves as everything starts to make a little more sense.

In moderation though people, I had a problem at one point...

I ordered a weight set over a week ago and it finally got delivered today.
Finding money I had forgotten about in my pants
Today at the gym, I was able to do a little more than I was able to last week.  I felt like I made some improvements.  I felt good that I made some progress.
I took my mom out to dinner, for her birthday, last night.
I decided to take the next week off from my part-time job.
I watched a video of one of my favorite shows.
I was able to get the lawn mowed and lawn mower working.
My wife and I went to a Sherri's restaurant. It has been a while since we have been out to eat so it was quite the treat for us. 
I was happy when my cat jumped on my lap and wanted some attention from me. 
My husband, my mother and I went out for a delicious dinner at one of our favorite Chinese restaurants.
Taking photographs of tulips covered in the recent snowfall.
The weather this past weekend was very amazing and it allowed me to do all the outdoor activities I had planned for yesterday. 
Yesterday I got to spend some time with a few friends of mine who were in town for a parade in Miami. 
I went to a restaurant and had a great burger.
A friend stopped by unexpectedly with some homemade food for me.
I got up on time and my daughter had little resistance with getting ready and on the bus.
i went to my eye doctor today and found out that i am in great need of new glasses; this  makes me very happy because now i know why i have been having such bad headaches.
Last night, we had a very good home made dinner of fried pork chops, fresh green beans, baked potatoes and apple sauce.
I went to go see my parents for dinner tonight after work.
I bought caviar on sale.
While browsing through my Instagram account last night, I saw a picture of my youngest son, who is 20, riding a horse with a friend of his in a quiet and peaceful looking place, and it just made me smile. 
Me and my girlfriend went out to a nice dinner.
I got a new letter for my transcription project
I left for work later than usual today and was able to give my 2 year old daughter a hug and kiss before I left for work. Usually I have left for work before she wakes up. 
Today, buying food for a family member made me happy because I had wanted to do this for this person for a while, and I finally got the chance to.
I ordered groceries online so I could get more variety than the gas station food.
Running down the street for two and and a half miles as fast as I could.
I am an insurance agent and I visited the office in the morning and I came to know that a new incentive program has started from this month.
Getting promoted to be new cook at my employer.
I got some work done and hit my daily goal of earning on MTurk. 
I saw my cat notice another cat outside and he freaked out, it was funny.
I am currently  facing eviction so I was able to work overtime as well as work hours at my second job.  THis helped me to be able to pay the my rent and I hope I reach my goal by the end of the month.
Hearing from a friend that I've had problems with in the past that our trust issues have been resolved, and that I'm an asset to our group of friends was refreshing and pleasing to hear.
My daughter went to store today and we got her some clothes she had been wanting for many years.  
I boiled shrimp for the first time and it was good.
I took my family to have lunch at a local seafood restaurant.
My girlfriend called me and told me about her day
i was happy when i finally got my paycheck
I ate at my favorite restaurant with my dad.
Found a movie that I wanted to see uploaded to YouTube.
I was able to sit down and relax this afternoon and watch some of the Master's after I got home from work, it was enjoyable.
I had peanut butter on half a Grands biscuit, and it tasted really good.
My hard work in the balcony garden is showing fruits with plants laden lovely blooms, making it colorful and bright. The view makes me happy every time I pass by or sit in the balcony.
I finished a book that I really enjoyed.
I found this survey  :)
I had an uninterrupted couple of hours late night to pore over major league baseball box scores- something I have loved to do for years. 
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I got to see my neighbor's dog I like.
I found out about a new career opportunity. 
I ate at Popeye's which I had been craving for quite a while.
I ate some jelly beans.
I ate a tiny pizza.
I finished planting my garden.
I'm happy that I got to play video games with my friend because we rarely ever get to play games with each other anymore.
I played Stardew Valley for almost an hour this morning, and now I am going to play some more
Last night I watched a few movies and that made me happy. I watched two movies I had already seen, however they were still very enjoyable. I watched "Suicide Squad" and "Rogue One". I own both of those movies on VUDU.
I petted our cat and made her purr.
Yesterday I received  annual appraisal results from my company which got me a promotion and an increment. This promotion makes me feel very happy as I deserved it.
I caught a fish while fishing.
The event that made me happy was when my son just came to me out of the blue and said, "I love you, Dad"
I watched my brother stream some role playing in GTA5 and he was trying to hit a vehicle and instead punched his friend . It was so funny.
Going berry picking in our field with my son, on an ATV, and finding some plump ripe ones was fun.
To celebrate my diet success, I had some ice cream (reduced fat of course).
Now that springs's here and the days are getting warmer again: making a small campfire in the backyard, grabbing an ice cold beer and just relax after a hard day of work.
I finished my last test for the semester online today and got a 93.
Getting several chores done that I'd been putting off but planning on doing today
 Describe a major goal you've set for yourself recently. ... Can you tell me a little more about the characteristics of successful people at .... This is a big mistake! .... If you describe "long hours of work," make sure you demonstrate that the ...
 grew older, we continued to go for these walks with our parents but the dreams of living in the forest I soon forgot. Thatas when it happened. We decided to take a different path off the main trail. Before I knew it, the path had disappeared and no one in my family could tell where we had come from. It was so unexpected. It gave me a feeling of excitement that canat be described. Everything in the forest seemed different. The trees were a deeper shade of green. The birds chirped in a different tone. Vines covered almost every inch of the ground. One part of me never wanted this moment to end. I felt completely free from the stress of my life outside of the woods. It was this moment that I realized that I would much rather stay here for the rest of my life than go back to society.
I got a haircut today and it felt really good.  Before, my hair was getting into my eyes.  It was so long.  Now I can see better.
I woke up this morning and it looked beautiful outside.
I found a beauty item from a store that I hadn't been able to go to in a long time.
I found a pair of glasses I had lost.
I ate some really good korean bbq that I haven't had in a long time
When heading to sherri's our car ended up getting a flat tire. luckily we were close to a tire place. I was nervous it was going to be more expensive than it really was. It only cost 60 bucks. I was so happy it was cheaper than I had thought. 
I was happy when I ate my meatloaf and mashed potato dinner. 
My mom and I went out shopping together to various stores.
Working on a painting I'm doing of a giraffe.
Tonight is the banner raising for the World Champion Chicago Cubs! 
I was able to win a few dollars when I bought a scratch off yesterday and it made me a good day. 
My dog's boots arrived so she could go on walks again.
I got out of work two hours early.
I saw the baby that I watch part time and she always has a smile! She is also always excited to see me, which makes me happy.
my wife and i had a nice conversation this morning; it made me very happy since we had a rather bad argument the other day.
This morning, I was able to work for about 4 hours straight on a project I have been participating in and was able to complete it.
I got a 30 minute back rub from my girlfriend when I got home.
I finished an enjoyable book.
I went to the store today and saw that they now carried my favorite brand of beer, that I have a very hard time finding.
I ranked up in an online video game.
My wife knowing I am in a bad spot right now coming up and giving me a hug and telling me that she loves me. Today there have been no real bright spots but this was a bright spot.
I broke into a new bag of coffee
After putting my daughter to bed I had a very delicious beer and played video games for a little bit before going to bed myself.
Today, getting a tax break because a professional and a family member helped me out made me happy because it saved me a lot of time and work and made me feel like people were looking out for me.
My medication worked when I thought it wouldn't.
Seeing and greeting my dog in the morning when I came through the door of the house.
My parents visited me today afternoon. They were with me for the lunch today.
Getting a one dollar pay raise from my job.
I found an old external Hard Drive that had some old files I was looking for on it. 
I played some video games with my friend online.
ME and my boyfriend has been going through a tough time and so yesterday during a conversation  he told me that he appreciated me. This in tern made me feel good because he was expressing happy feelings towards me.  I also expresed my feelings towards him.
Watching my dog do a trick I've been trying to teach her for several weeks made me very happy.
going out to eat. 
I changed the oil in my car 
I purchased tickets to go watch Disney on Ice
I learned a new juggling trick 
i was happy when i won my brackets at my company
I got a bonus at work for meeting my goal.
Watched some uplifting videos on YouTube.
I found out that my sister is good to go to start driving for Lyft, she can start on Monday.
Abby (one of our two doggies) was making noises sounding like a kid complaining and grumbling for being told to be quiet and it sounded really funny.
I'm re-watching one of my fave Chinese drama and it is fun and has substance. I laugh out loud while watching as some parts are really funny. Having spare time to indulge in these activities make me happy.
I ate my favorite cereal for breakfast, which is really something since I usually do not eat breakfast. 
It got quite warm out today and I am enjoying the coolness of the evening now.
I had a great long talk with my son and I think he may turn the corner soon with his school work because of some advice I gave him.
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
I watched my favorite movie Twilight.
I worked on an art project I had put off for awhile. 
Getting a surprise bonus on a transcription job that I did on Mechanical Turk.
I played Solitaire on my computer.
I worked out for the first time in a long time.
I went to a baseball game and the team I wanted to win, won, and it was really fun.
I'm happy about how my girlfriend treats me, because she has been very patient and understanding of me lately.
I felt happy last night when I was able to talk with my sister for a bit. I haven't seen her in a while, so talking with her made me happy.
I picked up my wife's favorite pizza for dinner last night.
To celebrate the promotion and increment yesterday I took my family to outing and went to a special restaurant which is the favorite one for my family members. They were are all happy having the dinner. Their happiness made me feel happy
My youtube channel gained 20 subscribers.
The event that made me happy was when my wife cooked my favorite food. It was unexpected because I did not know that she had the ingredients for it.
I felt better after having a sinus headache.
Holding a new kitten that a stray cat gave birth to on my porch was pretty cool.
I received a bonus payment for some work I did that I was not expecting.
My 12 year old daughter asked me today "what's your favorite curse word" being honest I said "asshole" and she said "that's mine too!" It was just so honest and so darn cute that she was excited that we share the same favorite curse word.
I realized that I missed a season and a half of the Walking Dead, so I started watching where I left off.
Watching a funny TV show with my family
You should always answer yes and briefly explain why. A good explanation ... mention any other candidates to make a comparison. 20. Tell me and my life love and life sex in my life in good my life well life good me in you first in life is good in my life in the well  happy 
There are many opportunities when one can secretly wish for something exciting to happen a something out of the ordinary. The real surprise is when the wish unexpectedly comes true. I never believed that something like this could ever happen to me; such a thing that would make me stop and look back at the events in awe. I think you would agree that something as simple as being lost in the forest for less than ten minutes should have no influence on my life. If you do agree, that makes both of us wrong in  my happy in my life 
I tried out a new restaurant.  The food was delicious.  I was really happy.
I realized that my check for work last week was larger than I expected. 
I spent some time to myself reading and just relaxing.
I saw a tweet that made me laugh.
I was able to hug my girlfriend since I only see her on weekends
I was happy when one of my favorite TV shows came on. 
My husband and I watched the newest episode of one of our favorite tv shows.
Cooking a delicious dinner with my spouse.
I was able to plan and execute a great dinner last night. I even had some dessert to go with. 
I made the best burritos this weekend and I was happy to share them with some friends. 
My weeping cherry tree finally bloomed.
It was the first truly spring-like day, with the temperature hovering around 75 degrees and a sunny blue sky.
My kids ate all of their dinner. It's a rarity around my house, so it's always happy inducing. 
i checked the standings of my fantasy baseball teams and 2 of the 3 teams are still in first place.
I went to sleep earlier than normal last night and got a good, restful night of sleep, so I felt energized in the morning and ready to go.
My friend told me that he got hired at my office and would be able to work with me now, which will be fun.
The new book I ordered arrived in the mail.
My husband brought home fresh sea scallops and made my favorite scallop dinner last night, as a surprise thank you for redoing his resume.
What made me happy was, going to the Saint Patrick's Day parade with my family and then the after party at the friendly sons of shillelagh.
We have a small dog and she must know I am feeling down, she jumped up on the couch and burrowed herself next to me as if she knew I am in a bad spot. Having her next to me showing affection made me feel good. The little dog stayed there for quite sometime licking my hand and showing her love. It makes me happy to think the little animal loves me just because.
My professor was pleased with my book selections
My wife Facetimed me while I was at work to show me how our daughter arranged all of our shoes in a nice pattern on the floor, and I got to talk to my daughter and wife for a bit during work time, which doesn't happen very often.
Today, finding some clothes I thought I lost a while ago made me happy because it would have been hard to replace them, and now I know I definitely still have them.
My loudest neighbors moved out unexpectedly.
Getting and eating lunch from a restaurant in town.
My friend called me 2 hours ago and invited me for his daughter's birthday party.
I beat halo 5 guardians on the hardest difficulty for xbox one was very hard to beat i unlocked achievement. 
I had some money that was owed to me paid back to me. 
I watched the boston marathon (I'm a runner).
My daughter came to work with me. She was able to spend time with me at work. I have been working a lot so it was pleasant to spend time with her when I have not been able to so muc lately. 
I had band practice for the first time in 2 weeks!
I got some pills that I needed.
it made me happy when i got to treat my friend to lunch
I managed to make time to read a book from my 'to read' list and it was interesting and fun. A nice way to unwind and relax.
Few days back done a hit for a great reward amount . But the hit was not approved. I was eagerly waiting for the approval. yesterday I got the hit approved and I became very happy.
One Month ago, one morning just beyond daybreak, I was snug in my bed, blankets tucked under my chin, sleeping the sound, deep, dreamless, sleep that comes upon a mother of two toddlers. When, suddenly, my left eyelid was peeled back from my eyeball. "It's a happy day!" 
My husband said that he thinks we will go to the hot air balloon festival after we visit family this weekend, and I am really happy and excited since I've never been to one.
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
I got to see my aunt who I haven't seen in years.
The event that made me happy was when I spoke with my father on the phone for 20 minutes. We just discussed how our day went and the latest updates about my brother.
I had a good dinner at Souplantation, a local restaurant that serves a buffet-style salad bar and soup bar.
I spoke to my mom about how excited I am to see her.
I could not find my medical device needed to check my blood sugar, then I found it under my bed. 
It's the same everyday. That moment when we all wake up and my husband reaches over to spoon me and then my sweet two-year old climbs in to be cuddled too. That is my happiest moment, holding the people I love the most oh, so close.
When I woke up from sleeping for 13 hours.  Had a stomach bug on Tuesday and sleep so well after having it.  I felt great and happy waking up. 
I found $10 I didnt know I had in my pocket.
I PLAYED GOLF WITH MY GROUP OF FRIENDS. THERE ARE 8 OF US WHO PLAY WHEN THE WEATHER IS NICE. IT WAS A BEAUTIFUL DAY IN DENVER. IF WAS FUN TO PLAY IN 70 DEGREE WEATHER.
I got to talk to a friend for almost an hour.
I got off work early today and I have tomorrow off.
I am very happy to be awake and see that all is well at my home.
I found out my eye health is perfect.
I WAS ABLE TO WATCH THE CUBBIES GET THEIR RINGS LAST NIGHT. 
is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
I was happy to find out that a friend of mine delivered a healthy baby. 
My second class of the day was cancelled.
An inspection of my roof this afternoon revealed it was in good shape and should not need replacing for at least 7 years.
one month ago, one morning just beyond daybreak, I was snug in my bed, blankets tucked under my chin, sleeping the sound, deep, dreamless, sleep that comes upon a mother of two toddlers. When, suddenly, my left eyelid was peeled back from my eyeball. "It's a happy day!"
I was awoken by my cat licking my face. Normally I am grumpy in the morning, but this put a smile on my face and was a welcomed start to the day.
I finally washed all the stove burners and now I can use all the burners.
i listened to the latest album by Nicole Nordeman for the first time.
I completed rebuilding my fence, which made me feel really good when it looked good.
Going for a relaxing walk by myself
I was up late last night and FX was showing Fargo from last season and I was glad to watch it again, am looking forward to the new season coming up.
Today I got to see my family for Easter, my first Easter off in 4 years.
Watching my grandbaby hug all the old people at the nursing home, and watching all the faces light up! 
I read an enjoyable book.
I dyed eggs with my wife and friends.
It's true that these two feelings are mutually exclusive, you just can't feel one way while feeling the other. That's a big reason to lean towards being happier more of the time.

It can be nearly impossible to go from angry to happy, so you're just looking for the thought that eases you out of your angry feeling and moves you in the direction of happiness. It may take a while, but as long as you're headed in a more positive direction you'll be doing yourself a world of good.
The employee at korean bbq gave me free bandaid and healing ointment for big cut on my hand.
I got a hot fudge sundae from a restaurant.
I was able to make and eat a very healthy brunch which contained a lot of vegetables of nutrients which would help me in the long run. 
I went on a walk in the rain.
I was able to harvest my cannabis plant earlier today. Harvest day is always my happiest day once every 3 months or so. 
My girlfriend texted me that she missed me
I was able to transfer funds to my bank.
it made me happy when i finished my work early
My dad rang and informed me that one of my recent problem has been solved. It was a relief and a joyful news.
I took my family to dinner yesterday after a long time as there was examinations for my kids last month. my whole family enjoyed the outing and dinner yesterday made me feel very happy.
I finished coding a fix to a bug at work
I was originally bummed out by the thought of needing to clothes shop, but my husband took me and I found some really nice cloths that look really good on me. 
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I got to watch my soap operas uninterrupted.
The event that made me happy was when I submitted my timesheet.  I submitted my timesheet because I am off for 1 week.
I finally beat Yakuza 0 on my PS4, since the last boss was giving me a pretty hard struggle.
I got a nice compliment from a customer at work.
My child came in from school and gave me a big hug. 
Giving birth to my first born and holding him for the first time!
"Long ago, men went to sea, and women waited for them, standing on the edge of the water, scanning the horizon for the tiny ship. Now I wait for Henry
I realized I had one more tea bag than I thought so I was able to have my morning tea.
WENT TO LUNCH WITH MY GOLF GIRLS AND HAD A COUPLE OF DRINKS. WE TALKED AND LAUGHED FOR 2 HOURS.
I played with my two dogs.
I got all of my grocery shopping done for Easter.
I am very happy to have slept in until 0800 rather than the usual 0600 because I needed some extra sleep.
I finally got new glasses after months of wearing only contacts.
I WATCHED A COUPLE GREAT FOOTBALL GAMES THAT WERE PLAYED IN EUROPE FOR THE UCL YESTERDAY AFTERNOON WHILE AT WORK. 
Nowadays, happiness is a fuzzy concept and can mean many different things to many people. Part of the challenge of a science of happiness is to identify different concepts of happiness, and where applicable, split them into their components. Related concepts are well-being, quality of life and flourishing. At least one author defines happiness as contentment.[6] Some commentators focus on the difference between the hedonistic tradition of seeking pleasant and avoiding unpleasant experiences, and the eudaimonic tradition of living life in a full and deeply satisfying way.[7]


We are hosting an event for the kids of people who work in the organization and I get to show off my cool side today. 
I had enough extra time to practice guitar.
This morning my town's waste management department delivered new large wheeled trashcans to each house in our neighborhood, replacing the old cans. They had become old and grungy.
I completed most of my work today.  I felt so productive.  I felt good.
My baseball team won there game. We're not projected to be good this season, re-building our team, so any win puts a smile on my face thinking about how we will be good in the future. 
I cut up some water gallons to use as planters.
I enjoyed a great lunch consisting of Chinese food.
Had a nice little dinner with my family at Pizza Hut. We had laughs and really enjoyed ourselves.
Listening to an interesting audiobook for a while
My sister built this intricate bed for her daughter, my 7 year old niece and sent me some photos of it, it's fucking awesome, she needs to build these and sell these.
Today was my 'cheat day' for my diet, the first in a month, and I ate a reasonable amount of all my Easter favorites.
Watching our little girl learning to play tee ball in the backyard, and just laughing at her holding the bat the wrong way. 
I ate delicious barbecue food.
I went to the gym to work out.
I ate at a good restaurant that I had been wanting to try out.
Receiving a free top shelf joint from the shop for leaving a review.
I tended to some flowers in my yard.
I went to the doctor and had a very successful visit which will help the appearance of my skin.
I drank a Diet Coke with coconut syrup.
I had plenty of weed to smoke all day and was really able to take the day to relax and think about life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. 
I won 2 league of legends games in a row
I found a gas station with very good prices per gallon.
it made me happy when i got to eat out for dinner
My spouse returned home on time yesterday and we spent time together, some quality family time with the kids.
Yesterday received an additional bonus for the task from one of the requester as a token of appreciation which gave me confidence and encouraged. I felt very happy on receiving the bonus
I managed to make it to the gym after doing a lot of stuff today
I was really missing my dad, and he called me out of the blue which made me really happy and feeling like "daddy's girl" even though I am a full-grown adult. :)
An old childhood friend met me and we had a chat together.
I got to see my neighbor's dog that I like a lot.
The event that made me happy was when I bought my favorite food at a restaurant that we always go to.
I got paid a total of forty dollars to my Paypal for the website testing I did, finally!
I was able to successfully reschedule my dentist appointment without additional fees that I had forgotten about.
I made homemade chicken noodle soup and it taste great. 
After not being able to have children for over 9 years, enduring infertility tests and crying myself to sleep some nights, trying to be happy for my friends who had children time after time... the happiest moment was when the doctor laid my first born daughter in my arms after giving birth and my husband there by my side through labor and delivery. I turned to him and said, "I am so happy!" Tears streaming down my face and pure love overflowing in my heart.
I played games with my kids last night. 
I had a really nice hug with my roommate. 
CAME HOME AND SAT ON MY PATIO WITH MY HUSBAND AND HAD A COUPLE OF DRINKS.
The Giants finally won a game with Matt Cain pitching.
I bought a new laptop and I really like it.
I am happy to have just found and killed a mosquito that has been biting me.
I ordered all my plants for my garden this year and some of them have already shipped.
I GOT TO TALK TO A FRIEND OF MINE WHO IS DEPLOYED OVERSEAS ON SKYPE FOR THE FIRST TIME IN A COUPLE MONTHS LAST NIGHT. 
t has been argued that money cannot effectively "buy" much happiness unless it is used in certain ways. "Beyond the point at which people have enough to comfortably feed, clothe, and house themselves, having more money a even a lot more money a makes them only a little bit happier."[25] "Spending money on others actually makes us happier than spending it on ourselves
The NBA playoffs are about to get underway which means we will see some good and intense basketball. 
I finished doing my taxes.
The puppy I am "babysitting" this week actually cooperated with the house-training we are doing and did all her business outside today. It's a miracle!
I saw a really cute girl on the train.  She smiled at me.  I felt really charming.  It gave me a lot of confidence.
An old friend I haven't spoken to in awhile gave me a call and we got to catch up. She put a smile on my face because it was great to hear from her.
The landlord people left for the weekend so they won't come in my apartment unexpectedly.
the tooth ache that had been quite troublesome for about a week hardly bothered me at all yesterday.
Played with our dogs, two of them. Felt really relaxed and good about myself.
Spending quality time with family at home
I didn't have to work today and have for the most part just taken it easy and relaxed all day, it's been enjoyable.
I received an Amazon gift card for Easter which I'm using to buy some tools I have been wanting.
Enjoying a movie with my daughter and her boyfriend on Easter and pretty much talking about silly stuff and laughing.
I watched an enjoyable episode of the science fiction series "Doctor Who."
I played basketball with my friends.
I made a deal with a client that I think will be good for business.
Beating my opponent head to head in fantasy baseball on fanduel.
My mom fixed me dinner.
I won the video game madden 17 against the computer in a heroic fashion including a last second deep ball pass to tyreke hill.
I read a novel I enjoy.
I made a substantial withdraw from amazon with all mt Mturk monies, I forgot how much i have collected over the week! 
nowing im going to travel to china soon
I ate a really good dinner.
I went to a Lehigh Valley phantoms hockey game.
I saw the woman I love.
I got to meet my favorite sea otter at the zoo.
I moved into my first apartment.
I found out that my friend will be down to visit this summer!
I was able to buy all of the football gear that I needed for my try out
Going on vacation to New Orleans made me happy.
I stopped losing weight and switched over to gaining muscle, so I can eat more now!
I held a surprise birthday party for my girlfriend. 
I got an A on a project.
I got a bonus at work.
Booking my trip to Thailand. 
My shitty boss told me he was leaving for a new job within the week. 
I watched the season premiere of Better Call Saul after much anticipation.
My first daughter was born
My good friend decided to visit for a weekend and we had the best night I've had in a long time.
i celebrated my birthday with my friends
I finished my fifth book and put it up for preorder on Amazon.
I recently got my tax refund back and I paid it toward our family endowment at my alma mater. 
We took my daughter to a petting zoo for the first time.
I finally received a check I was expecting.
I decided to take a road trip across the country with a friend 2 months ago.
I got a brand new computer after over 6 years of having to use an old one.
My youngest daughter laughed for the first time.
My husband surprised me and brought me home a route 44 sized cherry limeade slushy from sonic.
I went mountain biking for the first time this year. It was a short ride, but it felt good to be back on the bike again!
That my family could all get together for my grandmothers 90th birthday. 
Teaching my nephew how to play chess last week made me really happy.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained
My sister gave birth to her first child, and I became and aunt!
Graduating and obtaining my degree on accounting. 
My wife owns mineral rights on some land in Oklahoma and an oil and gas company offered about $16000 for a 3 year lease on the land and three-sixteenths of any production that occurs. 
After a long month of financial hardship, I finally had enough extra cash to take my wife out for dinner. 
I went to a sporting event with a friend. It was a playoff game and i was very excited to go.
I was so happy when we were having our vacation at San Francisco for 3 weeks with my wife
Meeting up with a long-time friend and just driving around in his jeep joking around talking.
I relaxed outside and enjoyed a BBQ and beers with friends on a sunny afternoon.
last night am so happy because of my mother get award from high school as a promotion of headmaster that day am very happy feel and enjoy al ot with my family friends.
I entered a piece of art into an art show for the first time and I won first prize
I took a trip to Los Angeles to spend time with my cousins who I had not seen in a while.
I was able to lose 10lbs and I have managed to keep it off! It was a really great accomplishment. 
Spending Easter with my wife, daughter and family.
One of my friend got a job as lab scientist which she really wanted. I was her reference. I felt i contributed in a small amount at least. that made be truly happy. in a sense because i have a crush on her. 
I made a final payment on a credit card debt I've been working to pay off.
An event that made me happy within the past three months was when I went camping with my friend for a weekend.  We took a bit of time off from work and went out to the local mountains so that we could relax in nature away from our everyday lives.
finishg a work deadline
My stolen car got returned.
I was moved to a different area within my workplace, meaning I got to be moved away from co-workers I disliked.
I got a long due job promotion in the last month.
I worked out and lifted weights this morning and it felt good.
I was able to fix the transmission in my car
The last time I felt truly happy was this Febuary. We had just moved into a new home after a bunch of transition over the last 2.5 years. We had moved four times in the last few years due to my husband's work. It's always nerve wracking packing up a house, selling it, and getting the kids situated with new schools. I just felt happy because we accomplished so much in the last few months. My kid are happy and well adjusted. It felt like such a success and I just absorbed the fortunes and good karma that has 
Watching my kids hunt for Easter eggs on Sunday made me very happy.
I was very happy to have visited Washington D.C. during the Cherry Blossom Festival.
I made a 100 on a test a couple of weeks ago. 
I spent the day with my wife playing glow in the dark mini golf.
when I lost some weight I was happy
I spent Saturday night watching some great MMA fights.
We had an Easter feast on Sunday with a lot of family and friends. 
I finally completed a huge project at work last week after working on it for three weeks.
I figured out a method of going through my books that I need to clean out.
Two weeks ago we got a new puppy.
I was thrilled the day that my youngest son with autism won an art contest.
I was happy when I went out to eat with my husband.
I attended a family-friend's wedding, and it was a very special, joyous time.
I did three sets of chin-ups today, and felt pretty good. 
I found a bunch of new songs I liked in one day on Youtube.
I celebrated my 40th birthday with friends and family.
Spending the day with my 7 year old grandson...he is so much fun!
I met someone last week, who's smart, funny, beautiful, intellectual, passionate and who likes me too, a whole lot!
Last week I went to my home country to celebrate Christmas with my family. This brought as all together. We were about 15 people around the table including my 3 sisters and their husbands.
I was late for my bus, but still made the bus because it was late as well. 
I bought myself a bra and 10 panties during Aerie's annual 10 panties for $35 sale. I always look forward to this every year because I can buy myself something cute and lacy and update my clothes!
i install new cabinets on my kitchen.
I did well in a March Madness college basketball bracket.
My teenage daughter left me a note on Easter Sunday that read "Happy Easter, I love you!" on my refrigerator. 
I recently got to see a friend from highschool . I met her two children and had a really nice time catching up.
It was my actual birthday and we spent the entire day together shopping for house stuff and got stuff to cook an awesome dinner which we ended not eating because we filled up on food at the restaurant for lunch.  We didn't buy anything but actually getting to go out with him was awesome.
My mom moving out of my house 
On my daughter's birthday, my husband and i took her to the pacific science center. We spent the entire day playing and exploring. She loved seeing the butterfly exhibit. Just seeing her joy and excitement made me feel very happy and content.
I visited my aunt and uncle in Arkansas this week. They are my favorites and recalling the happy memories made me happy today.
When I took my dog to the vet last week and she wasn't seriously sick.  There's just something wrong with her ear
I received a $9000 raise in my salary on March 1st that showed up on my March 10th check.
I got to see my Dad who I hadn't saw in a long time.
I delivered meals on wheels to shut - ins. 
I found a note my deceased mother had written to me.
I was made very happy a couple of weeks ago when I found a spot in the yard in which to set up a rock-painting operation.
I took my daughter to the beach for the first time
When my principal called me to tell me that she had nominated me for the Educator of the Year award, I was extremely happy, humble and proud.  I have been a teacher for 13 years and have never been nominated for such an honor.  
watching the cubs hit a home run.
I received a large bonus for a job I did.
I was able to finish a video game after a long time.
I received  my tax refund.
I watched my son play basketball in one of his games when he scored a ton of points and played great. It made me very happy and proud because I know how hard he's worked at it.
I sa
Last week, I found out that I will be switching to a new project at work which I think will really help me advance my career. 
I found a great job doing something I love with people I got along with.
I am able to slowly catch-up on some home chores (yard work, organizing garage) after having major surgery in October 2016.  Being pain free and back to some quality of life makes me happy.   I had become a bit of a hermit because walking around was painful for me.   
I went snowboarding on a day the snow was really good. 
My oldest daughter was competing in the Regional gymnastics meet and I wasn't sure if she'd place in the top 6 to qualify for Westerns, especially since beam was last. But she absolutely rocked her beam routine and ended up with a personal best score of 9.775!
I had breakfast with my girlfriend.
Celebrating my husband's birthday with a surprise breakfast.  
I visited my girlfriend in pennsylvania about two months back. It was something of a big deal because we'd been entirely online up until then. Anyway there's a bit of an age gap between us, I'm 34 and she's 19, so we decided to keep the matter secret from her parents for now. So after providing her parents with an excuse as to why she wouldn't be around for two weeks, we spent the time together in various hotels. Had a lot of sex and had a lot of fun.
When a made a connection with a child in my daughter's class. Most of the kids stay to themselves and I really wanted to interact with them, I have done years of volunteering with kids so I missed the fun I could have by being silly an telling funny jokes and stories. A little boy finally came over to me and asked me questions and ever since then he has come my way every time I take my daughter to school.
I recently was accepted into the surgical residency program that I've been wanting attend for the past 3 years.
I played a show in brooklyn, it was amazing to get a gig there. 
On Valentine's Day, my boyfriend ordered flowers and had them send to me,  even though he expresses every year how much of a waste of money they are to him. 
My best friend got married last month to someone she loves dearly; they make a wonderful couple.
I was able to pay off some bills that had piled up.
My wife gave me a bj and even swallowed. 
A neighbor with whom I had conflict finally moved. 
I was hiking a came across a field filled with daffodils and it was amazing to see that I started to skip along the way
My brother and I have recently decided we are going to start hiking together. We decided to go to a trail near a camp ground that we used to go as a kid. We spend 3 hours hiking around the woods, and I think I found a hobby that actually gets my mind of things. 
i was so happy the day  that i found out that  i am going to be an aunt for the first time.

my son surprised me tickets to a concert to see one of my favorite singer.
I can remember many happy events of my life and out of those, I would like to talk about the event that I can still remember vividly regarding my success in the board exam. The moment I heard that I had been awarded a scholarship based on my performance in the board exam, I became the happiest man in the world. This was indeed a very happy moment for me as it is something I was looking forward to achieving and the news made my parents quite happy and proud
I was preparing for an mortgage application, and was nervous about being able to muster up all the required funds 60 days before the closing date, but when I did the calculation, I was happy to see that I will be able to build up enough of a savings to exceed the down payment amount and closing fees.
I started running on the treadmill again.
The event was my nieces' 5th birthday. I took her out to dinner for her birthday and she was so excited and it was such a fun day getting to see the joy and excitement on her face and the reminder of how fun birthday were at that age.
I bought a new car 2 months ago. I was very excited because it was my first car. I waxed, and decorated her with sticker. Until now, I am still happy with her
last one month ago,my sister came home from sydney,australia.It was days before Christmas. Our family was so amazed to see her,because she didn't inform us that she will be coming home.
i went to disneyland
I made myself some tasty split pea soup.
I ate a firecracker weed cookie. Feeling pretty good about it.
Something that has made me extremely happy in the past 3 months, was purchasing my first stocks. Under no President did I ever feel comfortable nor confident enough to invest in the stock market. Thanks to the current President of the United States - Donald J. Trump. Not only did I make my first investments, but I am now currently making thousands of dollars on the stock market. It has changed my financial situation amazingly. I am now able to afford things I wouldn't be able to in the past, I am up to date with all my bills, I travel weekly! I'm just super happy!
Sang-woo, the leader of college rock band Active Volcano, dies and sets up a reunion for Gi-yeong and the other members of the group. Former bass player Seong-wook lives a hand-to-mouth existence working two jobs. Drummer Hyeok-su is a single father struggling to make a living as a car salesman. The jobless lead guitarist Gi-yeong dreams of taking over Volcano as the new frontman. When he suggests they reform the band while the old friends reminisce at the funeral, they all spurn the idea. But Gi-yeong persists and gets each to relent, setting the stage for a rock and roll reunion.
I was happy to at least travel to a different country.
An event that made me happy in the past three months involved me going to the dentist and getting the dental work I needed, done. 
Received a notice from the ACT that my youngest daughter scored a 34 on her most recent attempt.
i drank a really good coffee
I had a chance encounter with an old friend that I hadn't seen in a long time while just randomly browsing the isles of a local store.
My soccer team made it into the semi-finals of the champion's league
I signed up for the Microsoft Virtual Academy Prove it, Know it Challenge.  
I met a girl and ended up going on a date with her to the mall in town and after we went to eat at a nice restaurant.
A few months ago I had surgery to remove cancer from my body. About one week after the surgery the pathology came back that all of the cancer and pre cancer was removed and that I was officially cancer free.
I got some birthday money from my family last month, which was very helpful, and I was able to buy myself a small gift.
I saw my favorite team win a basketball trophy in the adriatic league.
I finished a very hard game puzzle that involved 2 people and had digital rewards for the game.
My kid telling me how painting makes her happy just makes me happy.
I was recently baptized and it was a very spiritual, calming, but exciting moment in my life to comment my life to Christ.
I found out my father is going to jail.
I took my dogs to the beach to play fetch, it was a beautiful day.
The realization of my daily prayers to the one above showing as a reality.
I went out on another date and had the time of my life. 
The day that I finished my online course, I felt so excited for the future, and so accomplished for finally finishing the class, which took almost two years.
I just received and email for a job interview this week.
I visited my daughter & granddaughters in New York.
I booked a cruise vacation I'm going to take this fall.
The past 4 days I spent the weekend with my Grandma for the first time since my birthday last year in July. It was really fun to get out of my house for once since I rarely ever leave.
visting with my nieces and nephews over the hoidays
I successfully adjusted my sleep schedule to wake at normal hours.
My grandson was born.  I spent two months with my daughter.
With my income tax I bought a new car for the first time in over a decade and a half.
Attending my cousin's wedding made be happy because it was a beautiful affair that most of my cousins attended, and we all laughed a lot, danced, ate good food and caught up with everyone's lives.
When me and my wife went to Home Depot and selected hardwood and carpet for the renovation of our home in the next month.
I bought a new car.
I paid off my car which enabled me to have more money to work with. 
I uncovered a large opportunity for improvement at work.
I joined a coffee subscription service, and have received quite a few good coffees from it.
We went on vacation last week and took our grandson for the first time.  
I went to the beach with my dad and brother. 
got into a phd program 
An event that happened in the past three months that made me happy was when I unexpectedly received a large raise at work.  We were expecting a two percent raise, and instead got a ten percent raise!  This made me very happy!
I had a birthday.
It made me happy when I saw my old elementary school friend last week
I got a job interview today on the phone. 
I won a match in a game I play.
I celebrated my sister's birthday with my family.
My family and I booked a week long trip to Scotland and Ireland.
My son got first price in overall academic performance. 
I found a $100 bill in an old coat.
An event that made you happy in the past 3 months is being able to purchase a car.
My roommate took me out to dinner at a nice restaurant.
Coming home at 
When I found some chips in my kitchen that I haven't eaten yet.
IO got a promotion at my job and got a big salary hike!
I was offered an improved contract at work that will increase my pay by several thousand dollars!
I found a better apartment.
Joe and I working on the yard and getting it cleaned up.    By doing this we expanded the yard 3 months.
I went surfing with my friend. My friend was teaching me how to surf and I did really bad and started failing but it was still fun.
Seeing pictures of my newly born niece made me extremely happy.
My husband and I adopted another dog.
My roommate brought me home free food from the restaurant that he works at.
The birth of my son. Waiting nine long months until his due date were completely worth it when he was born. Now at two months old i couldn't imagine life without this child in it. 
Hanging out at my parents house.
I'm 33, but last week my sister and I go over for dinner and a movie. My mom cooks a roast or something. Mom food.
I leased a new car. It is nice having a brand new car.
Last three months back I went to my home country to celebrate my mother birthday  with my family. This brought as all together. i enjoy very much that time.
When my daughter first started sitting up on her own, she was smiling at us.
I went, with my husband and my sister, to my mother-in-laws church for Easter, then to her house for Easter dinner.  It was very enjoyable.
I got to see all three of my kids on spring break.
I won $900 in a harness race.
My brother and I got nearly all of the yard work done before the hot weather began.
I paid off my light bill.
I joined my thesis research lab and I love my mentor!
My wife and I paid off her car 4 years ahead of schedule, which made us happy. 
I found out that a relative was giving me a used car this month.
After years of wanting one but not being able to afford one, I was finally able to afford a gym membership.
I quit my job for a better job.
I saw my 24 week old fetus on ultrasound with my husband and my parents.
On April 13, 6 days ago, I went to court for a civil trial that was being held against me. I was a defendant in a holdover case against my former landlord, who was suing me for damages despite the fact that I had a very solid case to defend myself with. On the 13th the case was ready to go to trial, but I took the initiative and spoke to the plaintiff prior to see if there was some agreement we could reach. Finally, on the 13th, when I went to the civil court I spoke to the clerk and he confirmed that the case was dropped. It was a massive relief.
I attended a convention where I played a variety of board games and role-playing games, all of which turned out to be quite enjoyable.
I asked my girlfriend to marry me and she said yes.
My father invited me for dinner and he made my favorite appetizer and surprised me.
i was able to start saving a substantial amount of money.
2 months ago my child won the science fair in the engineering category!
My daughter spoke a complete three word sentence.
A little over one month ago, my wife and I traveled to Mexico for a vacation.
I felt very happy when I bought tickets to Vegas to spend a long weekend with my best friends.
I performed at an open mic night with my friend. They were two songs we hadn't practiced for very long so I was nervous about them, but the performance turned out alright. I got some praise from the audience as well as my friends who came to watch.
I ordered a new pair of glasses.
I went snowboarding at jackson hole, Wy the snow was great 
I had a long, nice conversation on Skype with an old friend who lives in another country.
I just ate a ton of awesome food, and drank a bunch of awesome drinks, during my trip to Las Vegas last weekend.
I got a new job in March after I was laid off from Wal-Mart.
Making friends with my new next door neighbors who recently moved in.
I went to see my good friend who lives in Bali, Indonesia.
I got a good deal on horizon zero dawn
I was happy when jake asked me for a date
I found out that they were reopening the McDonald's near me that had closed a few years ago.
Being able to get a free lunch today made me happy.
When I found out that my mom did not need heart surgery, I was very happy!
Bought a new racket for myself
I went for a walk with my dog.
We were approved for a oceanfront timeshare in Aruba.
I went to a comedy club with my friends.
We got a new car that gets 50 miles per gallon which is great for our long commute. 
My local grocery store got a large selection of Easter candy in stock for cheap and I bought a lot of it.
I booked a plane ticket for a trip to Ethiopia.
Everybody looks forward to begin a new year with great fun and enjoyment and wish that the year ahead brings them in, all goods. I too celebrate this great day with all the blast that I can.

Two days before the New Year, we start our preparations. We clean our house, get things in order, buy crackers and get them ready and we look forward to the great day. On New Yearas Eve is when we enjoy the maximum. From morning, we kids would be busy packing up gifts and planning pranks that could be played when the clock strikes 12.00 at night.

So much of fun is involved that we totally forget the passing time. Some years, friends and relatives stop by and we all join together to make it even more great. By evening, everybody is in full spirits and would be out. We sometimes go for partying and enjoy a great deal over there. As time passes by everybody starts getting excited.

When it is almost past 10.00 pm, the crowd enjoys and there are live telecast in the televisions to the celebration that takes place across the world. Each place would have a difference in their timings and accordingly the New Year would dawn. When it reaches almost midnight, the entire family would be out, bursting crackers, wishing each other and enjoying and welcoming the New Year. Churches would conduct midnight masses and most of the people would be attending masses to welcome a blessed and happy new year.
I  found a new job that I really like.
I got to finally see my best friend, that I haven't seen in a while, and catch up with him.
 I would like to talk about the event that I can still remember vividly regarding my success in the board exam. The moment I heard that I had been awarded a scholarship based on my performance in the board exam,
the past three months have been hard on me. my girlfriend of 7 years had been openly cheating on me. its hard to believe that a happy moment came out of all this but here it is. yesterday she said she wanted me back and she spend hours telling me how sorry she was and that this all has shown her how much i mean to her. she broke out in tears and was obviously upset over it all. that was my happiest moment. the moment i could take her back and be with her again. 
I was happy when my wife had a spiritual change after a revival we had attended together.
My Mom decided to finally visit a psychiatrist to help with her mental health.
My book sales on Barnes and Noble doubled in March for no reason.
My hubby had successful surgery to correct a problem he had endured for several months.
My son made a catch in his flag football game. 
My mom got me a succulent plant for my birthday. 
I watched an episode of Saturday Night Live hosted by my favorite comedian.
One month ago I was able to finished the novel, Halo: Silentium.
i was able to clear out some weird issues on my computer
Last month, I attended an amazing concert for St. Patrick's Day and got to see a band I love.
I got my car washed.
My daughter won first overall teen dancer at a dance competition.
 
A $ 4 paying MTurk hit which involved group activities got approved easily even though my contribution was very insignificant in the group activities.
When i was finally able to find a stay at home job that was flexible to where I could still be home for my kids. It gave me a sense of independence again. Something I haven't felt like I've hadn't in a long time. The first time i bought my husband a gift with my own money made my life.
A big event that made me happy in the past 3 months was getting hired and starting my new job. 
I gave my son a fire truck that we had been hiding from him for a few days. 
I have been dreaming about moving to a new state for 4 years and it has finally happened. 
My bitch of a bi polar roommate moved out
I made $2000 on the stock exchange.
I discovered a new band that I like to listen to; their music makes me feel happy.
I went on a trip to London, Canterbury, York and Edinburgh.
I finally 
Something that made me very happy was getting my test results back and seeing that I was right on track to becoming healthier.
I went to the pool and spent a day having fun with my family. It was peaceful and relaxing. I really enjoyed this day away from all of life's worries.
I used an ice chopper to edge my wife's flower garden, doesn't sound like much but it worked great. 
When I had a big bowl of ice cream the other day and it was delicious
Travelling to Europe with some friends for a week. We went to Amsterdam, Germany and Spain.
Got a new job at Amazon
I sold a huge life insurance policy that gave me a great commission.
I played with the dog in the rain.
I went to my friends wedding last weekend and it was fun.
I went to the farmer's market with my wife.
My 4-year-old took my hand and asked me in complete seriousness to marry him.
Seeing this HIT be available again. It's been a really slow two weeks. I barely made my quota. 
I received a pay raise at my work for extraordinary performance. 
One thing that made me happy was to mow the grass where I work and see how nice the lawn looked and smell the odor of fresh cut grass.
My girlfriend and I started saying 'I love you' to each other.
I got a subwoofer and brand new computer speakers for my birthday a week ago.
Something that made me happy recently was sitting on a blanket on the lawn of a beautiful winery with perfect warm weather, mountains in the background, wine glass in hand, watching my husband and daughter play.
This morning my husband sat in the bathroom while I took a shower just to talk to me because we hadn't seen each other in a couple days and I had to get ready for work. Just him taking the time to catch up on life with me made me very happy. 
My last work evaluation resulted in a pay increase.
WE got a very good supervisor today.
I was very happy just last week when after 7 months we finally got my new baby's ear infections cleared up and he is now healthy.
One thing that made me happy was scheduling my summer vacation to a major city I've always wanted to visit.  We are going to have days of attending concerts, shows, and eating great food.
A few days ago when i attended coachella and i was especially excited to see lady gaga. She premiered a new song never heard before which got me really excited.
In the past three months i've taken my business from break even to profitable. It make me happy and still does to this day.
An event that recently made me very happy was building my newest computer.
I was happy when I started my business.
I came home from work travel. 
I went on an overnight trip to Pittsburgh and stayed in a hotel.
We received our income tax return early this year and it was a little larger than we expected which was very helpful because we are having to pay lawyer fees from a recent death in the family. 
I got a deep clean at the dentist, and I felt refreshed and relieved when I was done.
My job allowed mw to get the vacation days I wanted so I could go on a vacation I've been planning.
I was so happy when I found that there was fresh pressed juice in the deli section of the grocery store!
A week ago my mother came to visit me at my apartment. She brought her new puppy. I was happy to see her. I enjoyed playing with the puppy. We went to the park. I think what made me happy the most was the love, affection, and cuddling from the puppy.
I got to fly overseas to visit my best friend of 9 years for the first time in person.
Earlier today, I took my dog to work(the farm) with me and let him run around; he had a blast! It made my day.
I got to leave work early today.
We got my brother a new wheelchair and didn't even have to wait for it.
I bought my first 4k TV and switched back to Dish for a new customer discount.
When my boyfriend announced on facebook that I am his girlfriend.   
I was accepted to a program that was prestigious and could open doors for me
On April 7 my son was born.  His name is Lucas.
I applied to transfer to another college after I graduate with my AA degree.
My daughter got her very first petal bike today. She was so happy riding it around and loading up the trunk.
I started running a star wars rpg game with some friends.
Graduating from the fire academy. 
My youngest child collected eggs in his Easter basket.
Spending time with some long distance friends at a convention.
I went hiking with my girlfriend on a beautiful day.
I met a great person that I am currently in a relationship with
It made me very happy to get the top grades in college last month.
I got to spend five days at home with no work, no responsibilities, and no obligations.
Going to the dance this Sunday after a long absence.
My family's application for a bigger and nicer apartment was approved. 
I've been scheduled 3 day weekends 3 weeks in a row
I got to witness, a friend proposing to his girlfriend.
I returned a couple of items that I've been wanting to return for a while
My wife and my took my kids to a Cubs game for Scouts and we all got cool champ patches.
I was happy to be able to visit a friend in southern California about a week ago.
Yesterday, when teaching my son his abc's and he actually wrote them all down for the first time. 
After spending over 10 months without walking in recovery from a sever leg injury, I have been now able to bear weight and walk using a crutch or a cane.
My oldest daughter had given me the news that i will be a grandma to a baby boy which was everything i ever wanted.
When I bought my new iPhone 7.
I saw my best friend who visited from Boston.
My sister from Europe came to visit with us about a month ago. 
My company got acquired and I got a new job.  It was a little bigger role than I had before and I am very excited about the prospects with my new company.
I got a promotion at my job last month.
I went to Florida to visit my mom with my 7 year old son. 
I was able to close a sale at work that I had been working months for. 
I took a trip to Texas for three days to visit my dad.
My daughter learned how to crawl on her stomach recently.
My toddler learned how to count.
I went to Spring Training with my girlfriend.
I went on the deepest scuba dive I've ever done, for a personal best.
I was offered a tenure-track position at a great university.
I went to Kansas City for a weekend trip.
I finished in the top 8 in the World Erg Challenge.
Something that made me happy was when I found out the results to my heart ultrasound came back clear. That meant I did not have to have a surgery.
I went to an appointment that confirmed that my hair is eligible to begin installing dreadlocks
I was able to accomplish my goals on time and keep in with the performance group of my peers.
I saw a picture of my friend's new baby.
My wife & I went on a trip to New Orleans for the week.
An event recently that made me happy was the release of Mass Effect Andromeda.
I found a new job in my neighborhood after being unemployed for awhile.
I was so happy when my grandson came home from school with four of the six awards that they awarded that day.
I ended up getting approved for my first house. Where I live is very expensive with rent and a house ends up being the same price but don't have to worry about rent going up. I felt so much joy since I already had co-workers that are going to help me out with moving. So exciting not having to worry about moving every year or two now. 
When my sister got married to love of her life in 2 months ago. She and her husband know each other from their 2nd grade in school. It was a different view to watch her walking down the isle with her better half.
My wife gave birth to a son!
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT ON PAST THREE MONTHS, I WENT TO INDUSTRIAL VISIT WITH MY LIFE PARTNER. IT WAS VERY JOYFUL. BECAUSE, HE SPENT WITH ME FULL DAY. VERY HAPPIEST MOMENT.
I did a 13-mile run on a beautiful but very challenging trail route.
I saw a really cute baby yesterday. It made me smile bigger than I have in a long time.
I spent the day out in Joshuua Tree hiking and had an amazing time. 
I went to iceland with Jane and it was the most fun ive had in a while. We got to see the northern lights together.
I received my tax refund in the mail.
We made progress on the debt in our household!
I went to my best friends 35th birthday party. It was the most fun I've had with him in a while.
My significant other and I went to see a lights display set up in a Korean garden at night shortly after the new year and it was a magical experience, like an ethereal dream.
When I went to work a few weeks ago and all of my favorite people were there.  They are all younger than me, but they all treat me like I'm their mom away from home.  They were all happy that I was there and it made me feel good.
When I went to Easter brunch with my whole family. The food was good and the company was fun and enjoyable!
I recently won a golf tournament.
My 3 year old had his first TBall game. 
I discovered a new software, Thunkable, that will help me develop an Android app faster than I originally thought.
I received a surprise visit from my nephew and his children from out of state. 
I was able to spend a nice Easter Sunday with my family.  
My daughter walking for the first time.
Today I made goal while working. 
Mountain biking in the middle of the day in great weather.  Perfect blue sky day.
Making the decision to move out of my old apartment and into a new living arrangement made me happy.
Working for a morning at my part-time freelance job photographing a local event.
I was sick but woke up this morning feeling better.
My online business has and is still growing steadily so that is a happy news to me.
While my brother's wife gave birth to a girl on last month
Attended a tennis class.  I wasn't expecting it to be a happy moment, but I really enjoyed it, even though I was tired.  It so much more fun than i expected
i got a raise at work that was very impressive.
I went to a library book sale where I found some things at a good deal.
I made a chocolate cake and it came out great.
I met Stephen Amell from Arrow and won tickets to see Britney Spears in Vegas in the same week! 
Finding out my ex boyfriend died in a boating accident.
I went to California to for the first time in my life!
I saw my parents for a while and went out to dinner with them.
In Mid March, we found out that our college did well during an audit.
I went to go see Explosions in the Sky with my fiance. The music and their stage lights were incredible and it made me so happy and excited.
I found out my son can stay in his school which is the best in our area. 
My sick cat, who has had trouble keeping her food down, ate very well today without incident.
Friends from another state came to visit me for a few days.  I was overjoyed to see them when they arrived.
Coming back to my hometown and seeing my friends and family after being gone for 6 month made me really happy.
Well last month I officially started my journey of building my own empire when I registered my beauty company. 
I sold one of those NES Classics on eBay for like $400 and I bought it for $65, that seems ridiculous.
I spent Easter with family and had an awesome time.
I spent the day with a friend I haven't seen in two years.
Believe it or not, the day I filed my federal taxes was a very happy moment.  I have been out of work for some time, and the large amount of the refund we had coming back was a very welcome if temporary buffer for our finances.
We finally got employees in my work department replaced so that my workload could be reduced.
 I found out that my cousin got engaged.
The day I bought my new dog.
I kicked my roommate out.  It was a long time coming, and I was glad to have done it.  
The day I saw my brother for the first time after 8 long years
I made beautiful turquoise bracelet.
I received Hamilton tickets from my girlfriend for my birthday.
A time where I felt happy was when I dropped off baby items that we no longer need. I knew I had found the right organization to donate to as the lady taking donations was sharing general stories about the organization and women it helps. 
I finished a large assignment for a class and got the result back immediately that I got an A!
I went to the musical "42nd Street" with my daughter and her family, and went out for dinner beforehand and dessert afterward.
I went to a ball game with a friend, and we had a great time.
I got a new job that started this week, so far its been great
My girls ended up having spring break at the same time so we were able to go on a cruise together!!
I have been working on a design for a marble wall at a university for work. It made me happy one day when one of my coworkers said that the design made the donors so happy that he wanted to personally shake my hand.
Having my bike fixed after being broken for a whole year.
I saw an old lady smile at an interracial couple while riding the buss a few days ago.
I managed to have a decent conversation with an attractive person at Trader Joe's. He was really friendly, and humble and it really made me happy because I actually avoided his checkout aisle in the past because I am pretty shy. For some reason that day, I didn't really have any problem striking up a conversation and it was awesome. 
I quit a job that was making me sick and I felt better after I quit.
I'm a bit overweight and I've been dieting and exercising over the past several months. I stepped on the scale the other day and I'm 12 lbs lighter and feel and look much better.
When I finally received an invitation to perform tasks on Mechanical Turk, I was happy for the opportunity and I'm still happy with the experience today.
Solving a chemistry equation
I ringed in the new year with the roadside beggars giving them chicken kebabs.

A month ago I quit my job
I recently filed for graduation at my college. It took me a long time of going to school part time to finally get my bachelors.
it was about a week ago when i made 5000 dollars in the stock market in one trade.I made it 30 minutes of trading and it was so exciting.
I had lasik surgery and it is amazing!
I was able to fulfill a lifelong goal of playing at one of the best golf courses in the world on a beautiful day.
Meeting my girlfriend  two months ago.
got promotion
I got over an ex. Gross, I know.
I completed my dissertation document and sent it to my committee. 

Last week while at my full time job a woman brought in her very old, very matted cat. His name is Sheldon. She said all the other grooming shops had declined grooming him because of the condition of his coat, his age and his medical conditions. I told her I would definitely try to take care of her baby for her, and do the best job I could.  So, I befriended Sheldon and he was a very sweet cat. It took me over two hours to shave the dreadlocks of him and his skin underneath was extremely oily and was covered in dander. I could tell his skin hadn't had much air to it for some time. As I was removing his matted fur, I could see a transformation in old Sheldon. He started to purr and actually got a little playful. I bathed him three times trying to remove as much oil as I could from his coat and then dried him off. I wrapped him up in a towel to dry. A little while later I went back over him with my clippers and smoothed his coat out the best I could. I called his Mom and she came to pick him up. She could tell he felt so much better and there were tears in her eyes. She looked at me and reached out and gave me the biggest hug ever , thanking me for taking such good care of her baby. To me this is one of the happiest events I have had in a very long time. I love my job and helping all the animals that come in to us for services. 
My sister showed up in my dream, calm and present. 
I planted a bunch of flowers last week for my neighbor who usually has a beautiful flowerbed this time of year but recently fell ill and couldn't plant it herself.  
We celebrated our 5th wedding anniversary last month and i was very happy as many of my old friends had come to enjoy the function
I got an A in one of the classes I was fearing most before the semester began. This made me feel extremely confident. 
I passed a big important test for my job.
I was happy when I played poker with my dad and sister.
I celebrated my birthday with my family.
Being awarded as employee of the year. 
I took myself to DisneyWorld,  I saved up the money and planned the whole vacation by myself.  I was proud that I was able to accomplish that.
An event that made me happy was moving into the first house that I own! 
The fruits of my labor - a packaging design - were printed and I received some really great recognition for it.
Today at work I found a silver dime in excellent condition that is worth around $4.
I had a great conversation with my girlfriend about the current state of our relationship. It was nice because I was better able to understand her views. 
when i track my packet delivery it was already at singapore now
When I figured out how to help my two months old baby falling asleep without hours of exhausting crying.
I got a raise at work. After working hard I was finally given the raise I was promised two months ago. 
In the past 3 months I finally chatted with this woman I liked for a very long time.
I got an internship offer at Amazon for the summer.
I found 5 bucks in the streets. 
A few weeks ago, I made a flight reservation to Tokyo, Japan to visit my friend this summer.
I won $50 on a scratch off ticket.
I won $1600 on a slot machine!
Something that made me happy recently was being told how loved and supported I was, regardless of what I do.
Going to Busch Gardens with my family was really fun, and made me happy.
My young nephew said my name properly for the first time.
I decided to start nursing school after thinking about it for a long time
I have been wanting to quit my job for more than a year but it is stupid to quit a decent paying job and just this Monday my boss called me into his office and fired me.  Now I can get unemployment. 
In the last three months, the biggest thing that has made me happy was leaving my ex. After two years of trying to make a broken relationship work, I finally took the steps to remove my self from the relationship. After finding out he was having an affair  it was the perfect excuse to remove me and my daughter from the home we all once shared.  This took a huge weight off my shoulders. 
The day I got engaged to my husband.
I went to a National Wildlife Refuge and saw two Baltimore orioles.
My husband and I celebrating our 3 year wedding anniversary by staying home and reflecting on the life we've created together while we cooked dinner and hung out with the pets.
I had a really good lunch.  The food was very tasty.
I moved into a new apartment and after working too much, I finally got some time off to get everything arranged and decorated.
An event that made me happy was when my toddler asked to go on the potty and successfully peed in the toilet, then flushed and asked to shower.
Telling my significant other I was pregnant with our second child, and seeing his excitement and enthusiasm for our future together as a growing family
It made me happy to go to a friend's birthday party that I hadn't seen in a long time because I had a fun time and it was great to catch up. 
Yesterday I was given a new office as part of our site reorganization, and this new office has a very nice window view.
After a long days, i meet my girl friend.. i felt very happy on that day.. we shared some lovely conversations.. had a coffee together.. it was really lovely moment for me.. had a wonderful time with my loved one..
I had a pretty productive day today.  I was able to get a lot done.
The spring flowers that are starting to bloom and the pretty colors they are.
I reached a high level status in a competitive online game that i play every week.
I took a lover today. He was so enthusiastic, so passionate. It was so good.
I was promoted at work and got a raise.
I went to meet my son last month for the day and I got to meet his girlfriend for the first time and I really liked her.
When my little nephew remembered I was looking for a new wireless mouse and bought one for me as a surprise.
I went on a trip with a group of friends and had a great time.
My favorite grand-niece decided to attend a college that is not very far away, so now I will be able to see her more often.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

Going to Orlando with my best friend.
I completed a major project at work with my boss and made both of us very happy and relieved.
I went on a road trip with my friends.
I was happy when I arrived back to the USA from Ecuador.
I was happy when I started job hunting.  I was happy because I had done very well in law school and passed the bar exam.  When I started job hunting I  was happy because I was optimistic I could use my success to find a good job.
After several months, I finally received an offer to transfer roles within my company.  It took a couple weeks of interviewing and several more to get all of the formal approvals to get an official offer.
A few weeks ago an event that made me happy was when my favorite ice cream place opened up for the season.  They close in late fall and stay closed through winter and early spring.  I love ice cream, and their ice cream is out of this world.  After going months without any, I was so happy to visit for the first time this season and enjoy the delicious ice cream with my family. 
I went to visit a big theme park.
I went out on a boat this past weekend with some of my closest friends. We went swimming, drank, and had a good time. 
It made me happy when I was able to visit a very dear friend who has been ill.
Making a new friend on twitter that I really like.
We, our friends celebrated my bestie's birthday 15 days ago.It was much like a reunion of my friends.It was really a great party and had a rocking time with my friends.It was  really a great memorable moment for me
My little brother got accepted into a highly prestigious college (Berkeley).
My relatives from Chicago came to visit.
About 3 weeks ago I was reunited with the love of my life and we got back together.
I felt happy when I finished my final long training run as part of my marathon training plan. Last weekend I finished my final 20 mile run in preparation for my upcoming marathon. After finishing I felt very accomplished for everything I did over the past 15 weeks as part of my preparation. I was happy because I proved I could do it and felt confident going into the marathon.
My wife and I got a night out on a saturday night without the kids.
My sister had her baby boy two weeks ago.
I was happy to see that my peas sprouted a day earlier this year than they did last year, even though I planted them two weeks later than I did last year.
My wife was happy with me.
I got to go home from work early. 
I got to stop by my late sister's new resting place for the first time.  It was a very nice, and happy moment for me to finally see where she is.  It meant the word to me. 
My sister took me and my family out for lunch at a sea food restaurant which we all enjoyed.
I was really happy when I went to Raleigh, North Carolina in March for a business trip.
I put my cat on a leash and walked him around the cul-de-sac like a dog.
I received a commendation from my supervisor at work for working well on a project.
I was moved to an office closer to my house.
When my girlfriend said she was moving across the country to be with me.
My sister and her fiance visited and we spent the weekend together.
Last week I purchased a scratch off lottery ticket which I only do once or twice a year on a whim, and won a hundred dollars. I was overflowing with ecstatic joy for the entire day and still feel good thinking about it now.
My niece was born and I got to travel to Mississippi to see her for the first time. The rest of my family was there as well. It was the first time that we all had been together for several years. We had a long weekend together and had lots of time to sit and visit and talk while all of the little cousins played together. 
I was happy that I was able to get through an extremely arduous work week. 
I got a new car
I played a game this weekend called crabs against humidity, which is a knock off of cards against humanity.
Meeting old friend after 3 years 
I purchased a new car from my favorite car manufacturer. 
A short film script I wrote went into production.
The day I received my 3 year anniversary pin at work was a very happy day for me.
Attending concert with my partner made me happy 
When UNC won the national championship.
Today I met my old friend after along time. It's been almost two years since I saw her. After we graduated, we've separated. She got married and left the city. I don't know what happened to her then. Today was a bliss day, I was walking through college in my long break and I saw her by coincidence. At first I didn't recognize her because her physical appearance has changed a lot. But she still as she was, friendly and lovely. I was the one who start the conversation and keep telling her about our old days and how we known each other. We talked and we've been sharing all our memories and how was she doing in all that 2 years. Today we were not only meeting each other after long but also were introducing our new friends we met at college. Then we lunched and we've planned to visit each other. I really enjoyed today. My day has been made.
I figured out my dissertation topic.
I started a daily exercise plan and it made a difference in how I feel in just one day! 
Yesterday I bumped into my daughter on my way to the store. I was really happy to see her. It made my day to see that she was actually looking out for me.
I received a large paycheck for a business deal that I closed.
I attended a spring training baseball game with my husband and we had hot dogs and peanuts and watched our team win
A three day getaway to wine country was perfect to spend quality time with my husband.
I was very happy a few weeks ago when my Dad called and he and his wife invited me out to breakfast with them.  It was a cafe with a lot of character, we had great conversation and enjoyed each other's company.  Short, but sweet.  Good quality family time.
The day my little cousin was born was one of the happiest days of my life.
I made my smoker
Being able to give my grandson a birthday party made me happy.
When I decided to get my first job, I got so happy, because it was the first time I was able to make my own money, do my own thing, and become a little independent from my parents.
Two days ago, I was riding my bike and I get the end of the road in less than 24 minutes, at the end I was so tired but really proud of me.
I managed to get Comic Con tickets and that's like finding a needle in a haystack.
I ate my favorite pizza
Had an anniversary dinner with my girlfriend.
We bought a brand new high end model car and which was my long wish come true.
A happy moment is when I got a job in California. 
After applying for jobs in the government for over 5 years, I was finally offered a job in state government and finally began my dream of working in the public sector.  I have finally found job that gives me great meaning and fulfillment and makes me believe I am making a positive impact on my community.
I was happy today when my meeting at work got cancelled.
My fiance and I finished assembling and sealing our wedding invitations.
I got to meet one of my all-time favorite singers backstage at a concert I attended.
Just tonight i went with my family to the community connection dinner and had a great time.
I received a bronze award at my work for my recognized achievements and efforts. I received the award in front of all my colleagues and got handshake from the CEO of my company. It was the greatest feeling and feels great to be awarded for your efforts and recognition to make the company better.
I joined a new gym
I found a new apartment to move to and it is better than the old one with a good rental cost 
One event in the past three months that has made me happy is getting a letter from my son's school telling me that he's going to be put into advanced math classes.
I played basketball with some coworkers after work. 
I watched and took pictures as my girls dyed Easter eggs.
I was traveling with my spouse and 4 friends on a yacht for 3 days.
I dug up a large piece of land for a garden and surrounded it with rocks as a border to prevent grass from growing in. After doing so I felt accomplished and happy with my results.
I visited San Francisco for the first time with my wife.
I had to stay home from work for a couple days last month, as I was very ill with pneumonia. While I was at home sick in bed, my wife came home early from work. She had told her boss that she had an emergency to get out of work early, and she went and bought me a card and some soup from Publix, and a big jug of orange juice. She lied to get out of work so she could come home and take care of me and keep me company while I was sick. That made me really happy that she'd do something so nice for me.
Having an Easter meal with my family and friends.
I rode in a helicopter with an air ambulance company.
We found out the sex of our next child and that made me very happy.
Friend gave me a new pair of headphones
I received a raise at work at twice the average percentage of our site and was ecstatic. 
I was happy that my daughter passed all her classes for winter term as a sophomore in high school. She has learning disabilities and struggles to keep at grade level. She worked really had and did extra time at school to make sure that her report card included all Bs and Cs. 
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
the day that i found out that even though my cat had to have his leg amputated, the cancer had not spread and he was going to be fine.
I finally got my closet organized and situated in my new apartment.
My wife and I purchased our first house. It helped focus our lives from the nomadic moving of rental properties to a home we now own - and now onward to making a family.  We've had a great time decorating and setting everything up in the home to look as it should.
Lease a new car
My wife had weight loss surgery and was released from the hospital after two days.
I achieved a goal I had been working towards in a video game.
Last week I went to the Philadelphia Zoo with my family, and that made me happy.
A couple months ago, my 1 year old daughter said the phrase "I love you" to me.
I got to see my cousins I had not seen for over two years.
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
An event that made me happy was seeing someone I was trying to make a relationship work with after 6 months of being apart.

Recieved a promotion at work
The day I was chosen as the best Assistant Professor of our university for the year 2016, which was announced to me on March 2017. It was a tussle between some 1000 odd professors from all the departments of the university. Very happy to heard that news.
I visited my boyfriend in Chicago, IL.
When I went to the dealership and purchased my first new car. 
About 20 days ago, I adopted a dog that I am training to become a therapy dog for patients in the hospital and nursing homes. I have PTSD and she is helping me with this as well. She has made me happy because she gets me outside playing instead of staying inside. 
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.[3] Since the turn of the millennium, the human flourishing approach, advanced particularly by Amartya Sen has attracted increasing interest in psychological, especially prominent in the work of Martin Seligman, Ed Diener and Ruut Veenhoven, and international development and medical research in the work of Paul Anand.[citation needed]
They feel validated by stories in which a human believed a computer was wrong, ignored the computer's advice, turned out to be right--and got a happy ending instead of the ominous "what if ..." of heeding the computer.

Going to the aquarium with my girlfriend
My birthday today its very good Day for me my son brought rose for me he love me a lot
Two days ago, I got a free dinner because they were hosting a barbecue outside.
I sold one lot (pack of eight) of these fungicides I bought for four dollars each for a price of $102.99.
My wife is a housewife. She is very fond of preparing food and caring for my kid. However, even after having a Bachelor Degree, she have not selected a career and instead she chose family. So on her birthday, Me and my son silently ordered a cake. We prepared to surprise her at midnight. We placed candles all over the room, and switched off the whole light. I was very happy that, it was my son who took the initiative. At 11.55 pm or so, he went to the bedroom and told her that, there is phone call from her dad. She was in a wakey wakey mood and came out to see the beautiful cake and room. She was blushed which later turned to happy tears.
We were not referring to that furry friend we all have ... We meant our pets! Throw a ball at Patan or purr with the Lint. Interacting with your pet releases oxytocin into your brain (you know it, the hormone that makes you feel all loving), resulting in a feeling of joy and happiness.

The road trip/vacation that I planned last April 3 with family and relatives was succesful.
The day i got my results in which I passed with distinction.
I took a trip with my wife to Maine for a few days.
Last month, I fulfilled a dream of cycling from the suburbs of Miami to Key West via US 1.
I had amazing chicken wings at Moe's BBQ.
I threw my friend a bridal shower.
Meet up with my mom's side family, exchange contact information and create an group chat. 
I spent a whole day at a waterpark with my family riding rides and swimming together.
I had a really nice cup of coffee today.
My boy friend brought me flowers, essential oils and apples.
I proposed to my girlfriend.
Last week i bought a new bike, i was very happy.
I got along with a co-worker
Assisting to the act where I've received my Bachelor's Degree on Business Administration.
One thing that made me happy was receiving a positive annual review at work.
One of the happiest moment I had in the last 3 months was finding out the gender of or new baby. We weren't sure if we were going to be able to have any more and to learn we were going to have a baby was a great blessing. I really really wanted a boy because we already have a little girl and a boy felt  like it would make my family complete.
I received a good appraisal at work
I successfully completed, and was paid for, a very complex Easter church service as the organist.
When my parents got married after being together for many years
I got a huge promotion at work.
The days when I was able to use my metal detector again because the weather was nice. I had gone to the beach in search of some treasure and although I only found some coins, it made me feel happy to partake in my hobby again after a long winter.
I got my broken front tooth fixed.
Our health insurance was renewed for another year, something that we were greatly concerned might not happen.
My family visited for my birthday celebration and we spent great time together.
I get to buy diary of wimpy kid and in that book I find a similar incident from my childhood and that was so awesome and it made me happy 
My son got good grades in exam. He is the topper in his batch. 
One event I can recall is taking my dream puppy to his first barn hunt experience. He really had a good time and caught onto it quick. He is a very happy puppy and people commented how he seemed like a natural. It was also down where the in-laws live so it was a good excuse to stop by and visit them as well. I had a great time and was very happy and look forward to doing it again.
I was hired for the job that I really wanted. It is an analyst position at Wells Fargo.
I got to watch my nephew for the first time and we took him to the boardwalk to get ice cream. It made me happy to watch him try the ice cream and smile.
Two days ago I started a new job.  It is a great nursing job and I am being paid 30% more than I was making in my last job.
The first thing that made me happy in the last 3 months was the day that I got a raise for my job from 10 dollars to 13 dollars. 
One event that made me happy in the last three months was being able to perform my first paid gig as a freelance photographer.  This event made me feel optimistic about future business potential and gave me a boost of confidence concerning the craft. 
She took his arm and with a happy face went with him into the adjoining sitting room.

Yesterday my 1 year old son starting walking for the first time.
The flower bulbs that I planted last fall started to bloom this month and are continuing to bloom daily!
My wife is progressing greatly though rehab after being addicted to opioids.
I felt really happy when i saw an okra plant coming out of the seed that i planted. 
The day my granddaughter was born made me happy.
My wife and I finalized the adoption of our new daughter!
I got to go on a special anniversary trip with my fiancee. 
When my dog started feeling better after being sick.
I watched an episode of the TV show Impractical Jokers and it was hilarious.
I went to a flea market in my home town and I came across a canadian silver dollar I had been looking for my collection.
It was Easter. I was with my family eating a big feast. Everything was delicious. I don't have to go to work for that either. 
When we adopted a new dog for our house
Last week my baby girl crawled for the first time. We were sitting on the floor and she saw the cat and started to crawl after her.
I met an old friend last night for a hook up, and it was the first time I had done anything like that in a long time.
I celebrated Easter with family.
Helping my daughter rider her bike without training wheels for the first time.
My two nieces and I spent some quality time playing video games at Chuck E Cheese.  
When my boyfriend asked me to move in with him in the UK. 
Gave birth to a healthy baby girl
I went to the Women's March on Washington with my younger sister.
I got a new job that I had been hoping for.
my two year old son told me that he loved me for the first time.
We got a new puppy. She was a Birthday gift to me from my husband and son.
A few weeks ago, after a long time spent going back and forth on the subject, I was finally accepted to a position at Compass Books.
I quit my job about two months ago to try to work at home.
I had an amazing audition to sing the national anthem at a major league baseball game.
last February I checked my stock portfolio and found one company doubled in price. 
we are going to summer exhibition.all are enjoyed that moment.
I got my dog to go down a slide at a playground and it was hilarious.
I was the most happy when the Arkansas basketball team was playing in the NCAA tournament and won the first game. It was so fun watching them play and move on in the tournament.
My sister and I watched family guy.
Helping my sister get her driver's license made me happy.
I bought a new online game and spent some time playing alongside my best friend.
Yesterday I went and got drinks and food with my professor and some students.
last month we went to our grandma house. it was placed near western ghats hill area. our family members climb on the hill and saw elephant, bull, and  fox. it gave happy for us
I caught a Snorlax in Pokemon Go. 
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.
A boy I liked kissed me for the first time.
Believe it or not, it was leaving work today on time so I could spend more time with my family.
Yesterday was my birthday. I took my family to temple and we had a peaceful darshan and prayed god which gave me happiness and peacefulness for my soul
I graduated with my second degree after experiencing a bout of depression.
I was happy when my baby started crawling.
I received extremely possible feedback from my boss at work. 
I saved more than 10,000 dollars.
It made me happy today finding out the help I gave a friend was useful and that he appreciated it. 
A small talk by a random stranger, in whose words I found care. It just happened few minutes back.

The worker who sweeps in my office premises looked dull and tired, when I saw her everyday. Nobody actually seemed to care that she existed. I made it a point to help her smile for 2-3 seconds, making her forget her frown.

Now, this has been going on for a while now. Today, after like a month of just exchanging smiles, she spoke to me. She asked me that she didn't find me at the same time yesterday ( Wow! She actually waits for my presence. That's so sweet of her), to which I told I was late. She even asked me about few travel details and felt bad that I had to start from home early everyday. The conversation continued for another few seconds.

I left that place. But somehow, I felt happy. There's someone in the office, some random stranger, to whom I haven't given anything apart from a smile. Yet, she is so contended with that and showered me with her caring words.
My first happy event in the last 3 months was watching my little boys' (ages 6 & 7) first tee ball practice. 
My family and I went on a nature walk and enjoyed each others company as we walked to a small waterfall.
When I visited my sick girlfriend at her home and cooked her lunch. 
Finding out I would be graduating a semester earlier than I thought
I finished my work early today and was allowed to leave early. 
My roommate bought me a cookie. She came out of her room and said "oh I got you something" and she brought out this mickey mouse cookie that she bought from work. She said she was going to attach a sappy note to it but forgot. 
When I finally started my stock trading class after putting it aside for almost 1 year.
I had the happiest moment in March when my wife presented a surprise gift for my birthday. That was the best happiest moment.
My family surprised me on my birthday.
Got to work for an online startup. I can't believe that I got accepted.
I got a starbucks gift card from a friend.
Making friends with somebody I may have a crush on who's reciprocating the feelings.
1) I moved a lot closer to work. My daily commute went from 2 hours and 30 mins, to around 15 mins. I get to sleep in much later and I get home a lot earlier.



I was able to get to my sisters house and see her new dog.
When I went on to a market and purchased vegetables for a very low cost
I was happy when I finally was able to run a 5k without having to stop and walk part of it.
I was able to purchase a drill press that I have been searching for at a steep discount. 
I tried a new sandwich at my fav vegan spot
Visited Miami where I attended college and have several friends after my job's annual GM meeting 
My friends and I went to three day holiday trip to Mysore last month.
I was sick and my wife bought me ice cream and cold medicine.
When my girlfriend booked the flight tickets for visiting me next week.
My mother was found to be cancer free.
I had made a remark to a convenience store clerk about why people want to continue living in such difficult times. To my surprise, she gave an insightful answer: "You get to feel." The simplicity of her answer was inspiring, and I said, "That was a good answer!" It made me happy into the following day; long enough to write a short essay about the encounter.
My girlfriend and I went to a friend's wedding. It was a very joyous event, in which everyone had a lot of fun.
Last month i bought a new model mobile which i was planning to buy for the past 2 months. at last i got my new mobile phone which i was very happy and there will be no more storage problem and i have a very good camera in my mobile and i can take pictures when i am going on tour.
A insect went inside my mouth
I went on the first date with my boyfriend and it went really well. We first went to dinner at an Italian restaurant and then we went to a Tango dance lesson. The dance was an intermediate class so it was way over our heads. But we laughed the whole time and had a blast while we were looking ridiculous. We left after the lesson and went to a diner nearby and had lots of coffee and talked for another couple of hours. 
I am low income and had an apartment inspection today. It passed Section 8 inspection 
My son had a successful surgery and was able to go home quickly.
My wife got a job at Petco.
My baby started to talk. He now says dada and he is very proud of it.
I went to an interview workshop, and I felt I did well.
I was very happy when my son has got incentive for his performance in the work
I am in a long distance relationship and its been very rough.  I think my happy moment is the second time i went to visit him.  The first time was hard because he was working bf a lot and i was alone on the highways which was hard.  But this match i went to visit him for 5 days and he had 3 days off. We did a lor together
A week after surgery on my buttocks, I was able to sit on the toilet without being in pain.
I was very happy when we saved enough money to get a new car. It's like a lot of stress of our shoulders now we can drive anywhere in the world in a reliable vehicle that will last for years. 
I got a decent amount of praise for a project that I recently completed for my boss. He took me out to lunch and we had a good conversation about my future.
I took a trip with my wife to see Angkor Wat over Easter Weekend.  It was an amazing site to see in real life.
I saw the musical Hamilton in San Francisco with my sister.
I got to spend a lovely evening with my girlfriend after not seeing her for a while, we saw a movie and had dinner.
One of my friend shared me a funny animal video.
I found out that me and my friends are going on a vacation and will be visiting my favorite brewery.
I gave a presentation that I've been preparing for a couple of weeks.
I just got back from a work trip, about 3 weeks ago. I was so happy to finally be home and in my own comfort spot!
I paid off two bills that had gone to collections, closing my accounts with those businesses.
Going to Disney World to celebrate my one year anniversary with my husband.
I went to a birth day party last week and get delicious variety foods.
An event that made me happy was when my boyfriend told me his family members asked about me at an event I could not attend. 
My son (adopted almost 6 months ago) had to have surgery on a hand deformity, and it went very well. 
I saw my friends back at school
One event that made me happy in the last three months was when my oldest daughter finally moved out of the house.
On Valentine's Day, my fiancee surprised with a two night stay at a hotel
I was accepted into the mturk program and was pleased by that.
I went to Disney world with my boyfriend.
During spring break I drove over to Las Vegas and the Grand Canyon.
The wife gave birth to twins.
My son made his first his first communion.  I was happy to see him being able to more fully participate in Mass.
Last Saturday night my fiance and I went to a local minor league baseball game. We stopped for a beer before the game! I love eating the chicken fingers and fries from the stadium!
Last month, I found out that I was accepted into graduate school! I was on the wait list for 4 months, so it was a joyful surprise to finally hear some good news.
Getting a promotion! It made me happy because I finally got to see everything I have worked for the last year turn into a promotion to a position that is higher pay and allows me to open a ton more doors to other spots than what I had before!
I walked around downtown denver and just enjoyed how nice the city was.
My sister sent a text to my other siblings and me, that she was pregnant with her first son/daughter.
An event that made me happy is when my aunt from out of state decided to move home to help me and her sister with an elderly grandmother with dementia. This helped relieved a lot of stress and able to sleep more or rest more.

Going on a trip to Disneyworld with my family a month ago made me very happy. 
Having my mom help me out for a month while my husband had to go away for an extended work trip.
I started building a modular synthesizer.
I had been thinking a while about starting to start my own fermenting. I started my own apple cider vinegar about 8 weeks ago and tasted it yesterday. I am so happy that it turned out as great as I had hoped.
I received a large amount of succulents in the mail and successfully planted them, they make my house much look more alive!
I was surprised with a trip to Arizona. Tickets were bought for me and I went with my girlfriend over spring break.
I got a new job that I was really excited for.
When I found out that I would be returning to school
My friend Mercy who is live abroad send me a wonderful gift.
I got cast on MTV catfish untold stories. It was my first acting gig in LA and I couldn't believe that they cast me as the leader character! I was so excited when I got the email. I immediately called my mom and sisters. I couldn't believe that I was going to be on TV! The crazy part is, is that I hadn't even been auditioning for that long. This was my 4th audition!
I won a fair sum playing the Lottery. After years of playing I finally won a good amount of money and I feel good because it's not only about winning but also positive reinforcement that the meditation and other affirmations I have been doing in the vein of the Law of Attraction and Abundance is working! 
In late February I was able to visit my middle school friend's restaurant for the first time. 
I went on a wonderful Spring break vacation to the Oregon coast with my family.
Going out to dinner with my with my spouse.
I went on a trip to the mountains with my friend.
 New Year's Eve was a great day. We celebrated it as a new day a new beginning. We will get to celebrate my cousin's birthday party it was a great day watching the ball drop.
My photo was selected to be used on a pretty prominent website. 
I just went on a 4 day vacation with my family.
It made me happy two months ago when I went back home to Wisconsin for a visit with my son. We visited lots of family and friends and then went to his hockey tournament in Detroit
My husband gifted me a new car which made me happy
There was a book fair on monday in my son's school. All books were sold for 90% discount.
 I went to one of the best indoor water parks in America. and even more enjoyable was the fact that it was in the middle of winter.
Texting with my friend.
The day I took my nephews to the circus.
I am from a foreign country of America. But more passionate about working for America. Hence I was working hard to fit to American culture. I was learning accent and now prepared finally. This year my petition for h1b has been filed. this is the most happiest moment in my life.
I was at a family reunion.
I joined a new firm because the that firm selected me to the post of Accountant.
The boy that I liked took me out on a date to the beach where we talked for hours and I had a really great time. 
My husband and I bought a new couch

I love watching my favorite team's football matches with my family
My brother returned to his home town after visiting the Dubai.  He bought many chocolates and perfumes for me.
I was working a seasonal job and was asked to come back for a full time position.
I met Lebron James and he gave t-shirt
I went to a fancy restaurant to have a birthday dinner with my friends.
I worked out for an hour.
A couple of weeks ago at work I received a $500 dollar bonus for recommending a friend to my boss that he hired.  I put the money right into my savings account, this made me feel really happy!
I had a great dinner with friends that i had not met in awhile. It was fun seeing them again.
My niece had a new baby and I got to spend an entire day with her. I literally fell in love with her new baby. he was so sweet. There isn't anything better than holding a new baby in your arms.
I presented my research at the biggest research conference at my university. 
The day I got accepted into one of my favorite colleges. 
A nice weekend trip to a fancy hotel and restaurant.
I bought the car I had been wanting for a long time. 
I discover a place that sell sweets such as flans and other sweets with ice treat very close to where I am currently staying
I attended my Niece's birthday party last weekend.
One of my most recent happy moments was when I won $2000 at the casino.
About a month ago my partner and I signed a lease on a new apartment to move into together.
I celebrated my birthday in February.
I can finally say that I owned a home.  I recently closed on my first home back in January of this year.  The buying process which started with getting a preapproval from the bank and ended with my signature was a very tiresome event.  I'm very happy that is all over with and have a place to call my own.
When I found out that I did not need an expensive auto repair.
I was happy when a video I made for a client at work hit over 10,000 views in 3 days.
My teacher let me make up a quiz and paper that I missed allowing me to still have an A for the semester.
I went to my uncle's house which is very far from my home town. When i was in my college days, i met him. It's almost three years from then. When he saw me again, he was very excited and i am also very happy to see him after a long time. 
My dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday i was so excited. I can't forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad.
I stepped out of my comfort zone and went to a TRX class...the instructor was really fun, it really challenged me, and I had a great time.
Spending the Easter holiday with family made me happy.
My family and I are moving to a new city that I really like and I'm very excited about it
My dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday I was so exited. I can`t forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad.
my dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday i was so excited.i can't forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad.
My dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday i was so excited. I can't forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad.
My dad presented  me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday.I was so excited. I can't forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad.
I brought new A.C for my family.
My dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday I was so excited. I can't forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad.
My dad presented me new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday I was so excited. I can't forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad.
After having my first yearly 1 on 1 with my boss she put in a request to allow me to apply for a job that normally I wouldn't be allowed to apply to since I hadn't been at the company long enough. But she believes in me enough to be able to do the job. 
My dad presented gift to me on my birthday. I felt happy because my dad presented gift a house. 
I did well at a job interview.
Last month i went to shopping and buy lot of toys for my daughter..its the happiest moment for me...
When i go on a family tour with my family at dehradun in last month is very happiest moment for me, where we seen very beautiful places.
I published my first article on a humor website and received over 1 million views in a week.
My dad presented me a hew smart phone surprisingly on my birthday I was so exited. I can't forget that day in my life that was my first surprise given by my dad.

My dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday I was so excited. I can't forgot that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad
My baby is making to crawl from last month, he begins to develop his activity on the next stage that was the symbol of his growth. He begins to talk with dolls alone if nobody watching him and the crying is getting reducing than the past.
My dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday i was so excited. I can't forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad.
My dad presented me new Smart phone Surprisingly on my birthday  I was so excited. I can't forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad.
Had a birthday party of ny friend
My Uncle and Aunt came to visit us.
My dad present me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday i was so excited.I cant forget that day in my life,that was my first surprise given by my dad.  
I am newly divorced and had gone to my brothers to visit him and that time he handed me an envelope and said to me this is to help you get through a couple of months of bills, remember he said I am always here for you.
I visited dear relatives in the village "Mata Negra".
I received a good size tax return for the first time in several years.
My dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday was so excited. I can't forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad.
MY DAD PRESENTED ME A NEW SMART PHONE SURPRISINGLY ON MY BIRTHDAY I WAS SO EXCITED,I CAN'T FORGET THAT DAY IN MY LIFE,THAT WAS MY FIRST SURPRISE GIVEN BY MY DAD
When i got my paycheck this month as i was going through a low time financially, it was a very happy moment as I could pay off all my bills and even treat my friends with a lovely dinner.
When I was told that I would be now working day-shift at my job as a registered nurse instead of night shift. 
My dad presented me a hew smart phone surprisingly on my birthday I was  so exited. I can't forget that day in my life that was my first surprise given by  my dad.

Two weeks ago I bought a dancer/freestyle longboard.
MY DAD PRESENTED ME A NEW SMART PHONE SURPRISINGLY ON MY BIRTHDAY I WAS SO EXCITED. I CAN'T FORGET THAT DAY IN MY LIFE, THAT WAS MY FIRST SURPRISE GIVEN BY MY DAD.
My dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday I was so excited. I can't forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad.
MY DAD PRESENTED ME A NEW SMART PHONE SURPRISINGLY ON MY BIRTHDAY I WAS SO EXCITED. I CAN'T FORGET THAT DAY IN MY LIFE,THAT WAS MY FIRST SURPRISE GIVEN BY MY DAD
I finally got a dentist appointment after trying for a long time.
I went to see my grandmother, it had been about a year since I last seen her.
Today I got to reconnect with an old friend that I had not seen in years
when i am young, i want to be everything. the status of  job becomes an issues and expectation. evidently i have no idea what i want to do or be in the future, which will totally satisfy my needs, enjoyment and my parents expectations.
When I am young , I went to be everything. The status of job becomes an issue and expectation. Evidently I have no idea what I want to do or be in th future, which will totally satisfy my needs, enjoyment and my parents expectations.
I was offered a position in my company to oversee a strike team to address a crisis in the company.
I went on a job interview for a teaching position, and the principal said he liked me. 
My girlfriend gave me a back massage after I had been awake and working for fourteen hours. 
I went to the casino and won some money.
I met some friends for lunch this afternoon. We went to a sushi place and the food was really good. It was nice spending some time with them.
Last Friday my girlfriend came down from North Jersey to Baltimore to visit me for the weekend.  
My boyfriend bought me a new dslr camera for our anniversary.
My sister surprised me with a simple birthday gift of small items she knows I love.
toady morning when I wake up my mother gave me a kiss.
Went to Chennai  with whole family for Marriage shopping.
I had cup of coffee with my old school freind, we met after so many months. It made me happy.
My daughter was named to the high honor roll at her school, and presented with a certificate an an awards ceremony.
Staying in touch with friends and family is one of the top and great moments. If you want more evidence that itas beneficial for you, Iave found some research that proves it can make you happier right now.Social time is highly valuable when it comes to improving our happiness, even for introverts. Several studies have found that time spent with friends and family makes a big difference to how happy we feel, generally.
I found a series of recipes that look very tasty, including one desert I have been looking for a long time for but didn't know the name of. 
I went out to a nice dinner with my family last night.
I made a trip to the spiritual and holistic place,  Masaniamman Temple and did meditation in the temple. It was such a happy moment that couldn't be described in words. 
I watched a very exciting soccer match last week.
Last month my mother gift me gold chain on my birthday occasion its happiest event for me.
My dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday i was so excited. I can't forget that day in my life , that was my first surprise given by my dad
My dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday i was so excited. I can't forget that day in my life , that was my first surprise given by my dad
The holiday trip to bahamas with my girlfriend. When she agreed to go for the trip, i was very happy. And we enjoyed a lot in the trip. Thw whole experience was very happy and memorable for me.
I redeemed a coupon my local grocery store sent me for my birthday and got a delicious free ($14 value) large pizza.
My little baby is sleeping in his crib for the first time ever.
I got a new job which is better than the previous one, and I am happy.
It gives me a sincere compliment. Many positive things tend to go unsaid. So give someone a sincere compliment today. It can mean especially much if itas for something that is close to the other personas heart. Or something he or she been putting in a good effort with like getting into better shape for the last few months.It gives me a great pleasure and make me more happiest moment.
I was so happy when the cop did not have my car towed when i got my tickets.. 
I am happy today because I finally bought a new vacuum cleaner!  
When my son was on spring break a couple weeks ago I was able to take the entire week off work and we spent time doing fun activities such as going to the movies, lunch, the arcade, and the indoor pool.
Got together with some of my cousins. We had a big dinner and caught up for the first time in a maybe 5 years or so. Unlike other times we've visited, there was no drinking and fighting that seems to always happen.
My sister came to visit me.
I won the award for best writing. It was a national level competition and I was adjudged second.
I was able to go to Disney World for my birthday with my family. This made me very happy as it is one of my favorite places to go, and I love it even more with my kids. They took me to eat at Be Our Guest since it is my favorite restaurant (and themed after my favorite Disney movie) and we ha da great time.
FaceTime with our son and grandson when they played a game very much like one papa played when he was a boy.
I accepted additional responsibilities at work and ended up getting an unexpected pay raise.
What made me happy this past few months is having a niece born that I get to spend time with. 
What made me happy was hosting my 3 year old nephew's first sleep over party at my brothers house. 
I went to my niece's birthday party.
I received a scholarship for graduate students in my field that I had worked extremely hard on my application for. 
Volunteering for a concert on campus with my friends. We had different tasks throughout the day and I was placed with the puppies and reptiles. 
I was happy when I connected with someone who understood me for who I was. 
MORE THAN TIME SPENT WITH MY CLOSE FRIEND
I was happy that my family was able to celebrate Easter and Passover again, and thankful in remembering and celebrating what Easter means to us.
 We went Delhi for summer vacation. .After a long back we went for long tour . I enjoy with my family.
I did not have to work today. 
My son learning to roll over for the first time.
I got a pay raise and my boss talked to me about my promotion path. This made me very happy because I have been working hard.
I received my pension loan that I took out for my home investment; my wife and I are currently involved in purchasing a home and having that money in my account made me feel reassured that everything was going to be OK.
My birthday was recently and that made me very happy to celebrate my birthday. 
I was happy that my favorite Italian team won the game today.
My company was downsizing and 10% of the staff was being let go. They started firing the youngest or least experienced people in the company and worked their ways upwards. Even though I had 6 years in the company I was still considered relatively new compared to other people. Luckily they stopped 5 people before they got to me
I WOULD BE HAPPY MOVEMENTS IN COLLEGE
MY MOM
I made an extra $4 dollars at work for doing my normal job in Spanish
I met up with one of my friends from school. We hung out at a restaurant, and we just caught up and talked about school. We were able to eat yummy food and have lots of fun.
one month back,  I got the call from my sister that she got selected in Indian Administrative Services. This news was just miracle for me. I am just at top of the world since then. 
Something that has made me happy within the past 3 months was passing all my classes in college and getting a better grade in most classes than i expected. With how hard the classes were averaging a 3.8 GPA makes me really happy.
Family dinner for Easter Sunday.
last month me and my family visited mookambika temple.it was a great experience to me and my family. 
I went to a Korean Spa for a day with my girlfriend and a few of our close friends.
I saw a white horse with long tale when went the beach.
I took the day off to spend it with my son. We did all kinds of fun stuff - watched a movie, did some chores, and went for a run. It was a great.
I found out that my brother is having another baby!
Getting the news that I may be working in another country.
When I wrote a program to automatically create a list of upcoming events that week. I felt a real sense of accomplishment and pride.
I recently acquired the game Persona 5 for PS4. Playing it has made me happy.
My husband and I took our 7 year old granddaughter out for a special birthday lunch at a restaurant of her choice.  The smile on her face while she was eating was all I needed to make me happy!
I purchased a new Toyota Tacoma SR5.
Two months later our family members join to together and arranged a party.
My brother's arrival to my home after a long time made me excited.
I got my favourite cloth from my mom as a gift.
Last month i went to singapore with my family for summer visit, we visited lot of places and we have enjoyed lot. Me and my family enjoyed so much. Still we remember that happy moment and planning go again. That was nice trip and unforgettable trip. Next time me and my friends will go there and will enjoy lot. Thank you.
I am living with my family with 2 kids around 200 kilometers away from my mom who is living in our hometown. Due to advice of cataract surgery in her left eye, she had to take rest 40 days in my home after completion of her successful eye surgery on my part. Thereafter she left for hometown. I feel elated and top of the world on reminiscent of the moments I had ever spent with her.
I figured out how to do the edging on my crochet project!
Last Monday, I had my first testosterone shot.
I ran my first ever 10k in decent time
I wen swimming in the ocean with my family. 
I needed a new pair of boots and a business associate had a new pair of the same size that he didn't like and gave them to me for free.
I asked out my girlfriend, and asked her to date me. I took her out to ramen in San Francisco, and then took her to a view to ask her out. 
Last week, my boyfriend and I booked a trip to Italy, a first for both of us.

I left my headset and searched during my travel and was upset because I had bought it just two months before worth Rs 1500, which I saved hard. At that time, my room mate called and told that it was on the pillow. I felt very happy. 
I went to my cousin's wedding. He and his now-wife are great people, and it was a fun party that I went to with all my family. 
i got engaged last month with my girlfriend.
I recently adopted a puppy that was not doing well in terms of health, now he is recovered, taken care of and is now the happiest dog I have ever met.
In the past 3 months, what made me happy was when my husband received a new job offer. I was very happy for him because he is very hardworking and deserves everything good in life. He had been waiting for this opportunity for awhile and it was amazing to see his dreams come true.
This is a great way to sum up the feeling of happiness, it's when everything feels like it's clicking, and it's all in sync. When any part of this equation breaks down, you start to lose the handle on your happy feelings. That's why it's important to always speak your true feelings, and act according to the way you're feeling inside
The past three months was an event full of months that was result oriented and i was happy to see financial year ending on a positive note.
I went on a date, and we kissed.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when I won $1000.
When I went out on a first date with this guy and I really enjoyed it which was unusual because I usually hate first dates. 
I purchased a new car that I wanted for a long time
i met my friends after a long period with their families .i am so happy 
My husband and I laughed when a duck I was feeding at a park kept chasing me.
A few days ago, my girlfriend and I went to the park to take some pictures and play a little tennis; she was happy which made me happy.
I did lose 4 pounds in the last 3 months.
Seeing my girlfriend after not seeing her for two weeks.
Vishu made me too happy
I changed the motor mounts on my car by myself, which saved money by comparison of bringing it to a shop.
I was planning for a team change in job. Got an offer.
I had a great time at a class reunion with all of my old friends from high school
I completed a woodworking project.
Few week ago I got the news that I will be transferred to a new work location.
i am a supervisor of my manufacturing company.i have some good qualification and hard worker.but my company did not promote to next level in my career.but yesterday i got promotion from my company i feel very happy to share my feeling.it is very proud moment in my life.it is very good time period in my days.i feel very proud to my self.
I lost 10 lbs from my body weight.
I was accepted to Amazon Mechanical Turk on Sunday April 16th.
An event that made me happy was the I had bought the new iPhone 7. This was a big purchase for me because I have been waiting for this phone for a while.
New puppies arrived bought from the province.
I get pending money from my business partner. I never thing that i got from him. Because he keep pending balance for a long years. This money is very helpful for my need so i am very happy.
my girlfriend give me a pet dog as gift for my birthday
My best friend and I spent a day at the beach. The weather was about 78 degrees and it was sunny. While there we walked on the beach to a pier that had a webcam, and danced around while her husband was watching while he was at work. On the drive home we were stuck in traffic trying to access a bridge, during the wait - two women jumped out of a van infront of us and started dancing in the street to loud electric pop music. I jumped out of the car and danced with them until the traffic started moving.
I have diversified my income potential many different ways.
I became a mother when I gave birth to my son. This was one of the best moments in my entire life.
I dream of buying a new bike and that dream comes true last month and moment make me more happy.
I got married.
I bought a new car a couple of months ago. I was driving an old 2000 Chevrolet Cavalier. I sold it and bought a 2004 Mazda6
I decided on a new career 
I won five ranked matches in a row of the game street fighter 5 yesterday.
I got hike in my job and that moment makes me feels happy.
My daughter was accepted to a college of her choice.
My son who has autism opened a wrapped gift all by himself.
I was accepted into medical school about three months ago and I was ecstatic. I have been working so hard for the past three years since I graduated college to do so and I am so proud of myself. 
I helped my parents have their airline ticket issue resolved, as they were having no success with customer service.
i got an a on an essay that i had to write
I went to a music festival with my friends.
I WENT  TO COLLEGE
After damaging my close friendships I finally started working things out and now feel closer to those that I care about.
i got promotion in my office and i have a salary increment in last month. that was a happiest moment in past 3 months
I went a trip with my friend to a resort. There we had lots of fun. Doing massages and playing games in beach.
I had nice romance with my partner who came to my hometown after a long gap.
I got a new cat and hes beautiful.
I was able to quit my old job and get a new one.
When my brother going to America last night
my birthday has celebrated 2 months ago. my friends and relatives are came to celebrate my birthday party. that day i feel very happy.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I went out to trivia with a group of friends and won a gift card in the process.
My friends and I went on a little road trip to Roanoke, VA to eat at a Chinese restaurant and go shopping.
In the last 3 months, I would say what made me happy was being able to sleep more than 4 hours a night.   This which allowed me to sleep in during Spring Break.
My boyfriend's cat took a nap on my lap.
-I took a week long trip to Amsterdam with my girlfriend for spring break.

I WENT TO SHOPPING
The day I went to shopping mall and purchase lot of things.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I  WENT TO COLLEGE
i have a big family members and we have to planned tour for long distance place . then we have to went that Paris . its my favorite place . i really excited to saw that amazing place . it make me felt very happiest moment in my life . still now i feel that moment . i would be very proud of this moment in my life . because that time my family members are there with me and enjoyed together . 
my friend marriage function i meet all friends i am very happy
The day I went to park with friends.
I WEND TO TEMPLE
I received a $100 gift card for my birthday three months ago.
I met one of my best friend after long 20 years.
I spent time with my cousins last month which was an unforgettable day and i felt happy.
I WEND TO TEMPLE
I WENT TO DRAMA
I was qualified as a junior research fellowship in the scientific project.
Last week, a guy at the fast food place I was at told me he liked my shirt. It was a game t-shirt that we bonded over and talked about for a few minutes while we were waiting in line. 
I WENT TO TEMPLE
When I had visited my parents and spent a whole day with made me very happy. I enjoyed the food prepared by mom. It was the most happiest moment of my life.
One month ago i went to singapore with my friends and i was so happy of that moment because its a first trip to new place like singapore also.
Me and my friends went to small tour with on the way to the hill station an elephant fell down in deep pit. We informed to forest department. They rescued that. we are happy. It took more than five hours.


I got a submission against a good jiu jitsu guy in jiu jitsu.
I had a delicious cheeseburger to treat myself at a fancy burger restaurant.
I booked a trip to Los Angeles.
I finally finished my assignment at last.
I went to the store with my SO and we each bought 20 dollars worth of snacks we thought the other person would enjoy. They've been making me happy for a couple weeks.
Yesterday when i dusting my shelf I found Diary of my college days where I like to write Shayari, Music and small events on it. That Diary makes me happy at the moment.
Last week during my commute a particular traffic light, that I almost always catch when it's red, turned green just before I arrived, allowing me to travel past without even tapping my brakes.
My annual review at work was very positive, and I got a sizeable raise.
I WAS A TOUR WITH MY ALL COLLEGE FRIENDS THAT MOVEMENT MAKE ME A HAPPY
My daughter got selected for sate badminton Championship
been getting high bonuses from my work for the past 3 months, i'm so excited about it and looking forward to get more.
My friends came to my room to wish me a happy birthday!!
One month ago, I received a promotion at work. I was given a small managerial position where I'd get to supervise other workers. The part that made me the happiest was that I received a pay increase as well.
I became happy when I received my scores for this week's grades in school.
I went to tour with my friends.Very enjoyable for four days for kerela.Forest areas and sea are very enjoyable.See nature and enjoy swim in the sea. 
When I quit my job and started working independently.
I found $20.00 on the street.  I think this was a great moment because I was having a bummer of a day and then on an empty street $20.  There was nowhere and no one to return the money to, so I picked it up and bought a coffee that I otherwise couldn't have afforded.  Lucky day.
I had a phenomenal session of Dungeons & Dragons in which the experience was immersive and entertaining.
I was able to go for a 10 mile fun after training for a few months and it felt great.
I got a ton of work done today, like probably my busiest day ever at work.
The time I went out to dinner with friends for a friends' birthday, and then we went back to their house just to hang out, talk, and play games.
met my friends and evening after long days back. They are surprisingly gave a treat 
When my wife and son return from overseas I had never made it on time to pick them up from the airport because of flight time issues.  But this time when they came, I was able to be there when they came out of the secure area.
After thinking that he had forgotten my birthday a good friend took me out for dinner with a surprise guest from my past. 
I drove through beautiful mountains in Northern California while watching the sunset.
I have made As on all my exams lately! 
I got a big gift card for my birthday. 
I went on a day trip with my ex fiancee.
I bought my wife a brand new car in February. It was a Honda Accord that we had been looking at for a couple of years now.
I had an happy moment before 2 months ago is my sweet little pet dog give birth to 4 little cute pomeranian puppies. This is the only one moment that i happened in the past 3 months.
i m really happy this survey is back and is giving me reasonable amount to talk about my feelings .and i'm watching the 100 serial it is made me very happy and im addicted to it.
My brother called to tell me that he got engaged to his girlfriend.  
I found a silver coin from 1852 buried in the sand of Capao da Canoa beach, located in southern Brazil.
month end target achieved on middle of the month
Went to a sensory illumination event.  There was fire dancing and silk  airily dancing.
I won a poker tournament
Laughing so hard when telling a story you can barely make it to the end. Being cuddled in bed when itas raining outside. When someone plays with your hair.
I had a long and complicated work project, and when we showed the final results to the clients, they were very happy and thankful. It was a satisfying feeling. 
My girlfriend and I bought a car together. It was hard for us to scrape the money together, but we did it and it was very satisfying.
I finally was able to leave my dreaded day job. Although I do not have better income, I felt free and happy but it did not last long.
I was happy a week ago. A friend from Belgium came to see me. I have not seen him for a long time .. I was very glad that he came to me. We walked and talked.
I paid off my car.
I have found a new way to earn money online, it gives me financial security like never before.
My dog learned a new trick -- "turn around."
I completed a 10 mile long run for the first time.
Got a new kitten from the shelter, saving the little guy from being killed from the high kill shelter.
My father came for 2 months leave from Dubai
My brother passed his entrance exam at a university.
I mowed my lawn for the first time of the season and saw a nice, orderly area afterwards.
Actually Last month when i was browsing internet i found a very old image of my most celebrated hero, which made me feel really very happy.
I was able to celebrate my dads 68th birthday with him. 
I got free pizza.
I spent almost a month with great anxiety regarding my result publication. I started speculating so many things and many of them were negative. I could hardly keep away the tensions about my upcoming result. The result was so important that my college admission would mostly depend on it. I could not sleep well in the night before the result publishing. I think this is a common anxiety for students and I was familiar with this type of anxiety. However, this particular exam results game me more nightmares than any other time of my life.
I WENT TO YOGA
Attending the marriage of a nephew who had been a long time bachelor.
I received my appraisal letter yesterday
I RECEIVED MY FIRST JOB  SALARY FROM FIRM ON LAST MONTH
My Grandson & Granddaughter visit my home on school vacation , its make me memorable movement and i feel that my age decrease and i feel to live long.
I was very happy last week when my dad who I haven't seen recently came to visit me at college, and took me to a Phillies game.
I asked my boss to switch to a part time job, because I want to develop another job, and he was ok.
A enjoyable trip with my group of friends make me feel happy.
MY BROTHER GOT GOVERNMENT JOB IN OWN TOWN THIS WAS A VERY MOMENT IN MY LIFE 
My boyfriend took me on a romantic date.
My wife gave birth to a baby boy and this made me happy.
I went on a romantic date with my girlfriend.
My mother have me my favourite watch which I was searching for since a six months
Today is my Birthday
I was very happy the day my sister got married to her long-time boyfriend.
I wrote ten pages on my story.
When the ordered new phone, which I liked for long, touched my hand is the most happiest movement ever. I enjoyed the feeling of having advanced phone in my hand.
The day with my wife
My daughter who is just over a year old put her foot in her mouth and i told her no. she kept doing it and laughing and i thought it was so cute because she has never laughed that hard or for that long.
 Today got my first company bonus variable pay , The first share from the company Profit feeling really good.
we had a family get together at my house we cousins met after 1 or 2 years it was a memorable moment  we recollect all the good memories in our childhood
Got to go out for dinner with my girlfriend after Lent for pizza which we gave up. This made me really happy since it's our favorite food to eat together. 
It made me happy today get a nice cookbook app for my phone for good food recipes.
I got a paper back in class and my teacher made the comment that it was one of the best in class.
I HAPPY MY BIRTHDAY PARTY IN MY FRIENDS
The first and most fundamental responsibility for a human being is to become a joyous being. To be happy is not the ultimate aspect of life. It is the fundamental aspect of life. If you are not happy, what else can you do with your life? Only if you are happy, can other great possibilities open up.
I went out fishing for the first time this season. It was nice to be outside after a long period of cabin fever.
I BOUGHT A NEW CAR FOR ME.
I was on vacation from work for two whole weeks.  It was really nice to not have to worry about the day to day operations of the restaurant that I run.  It was really, really relaxing.  
I got a small raise at work (even though it's not much, every cent counts).
I can remember many happy events of my life and out of those, I would like to talk about the event that I can still remember vividly regarding my success in the board exam. The moment I heard that I had been awarded a scholarship based on my performance in the board exam, I became the happiest man in the world. This was indeed a very happy moment for me as it is something I was looking forward to achieving and the news made my parents quite happy and proud.
We know that sleep helps our bodies to recover from the day and repair themselves, and that it helps us focus and be more productive. It turns out, itas also important for our happiness.Smiling itself can make us feel better, but itas more effective when we back it up with positive thoughts
My good friend was promoted at work.
It was my birthday yesterday and my coworkers sang to me.
In the past 3mth my brother got a Mercedes car n we all went for a long drive 
The day i used to visit my spouse house yesterday. It was a pleasant moment when i used to visit my spouse house yesterday. we have been staying separate for a while.
I was happy when my in-laws gave me a chocolate rabbit for Easter
I patched up with my partner started relationship again.
I just completed my 2 year college degree
Victory of my favorite team made me happy.
I was happy when I saw my girlfriend last month after being away from her for about a month. 
I had some important work to finish yesterday night and I was sitting in my bedroom with my laptop, finishing my work while my best-friend was sleeping sound. I was sleep driven and getting a bit irritated by seeing her sleeping like a baby. So I made a cup of tea drank it till half the glass and put that glass on the top of our cooler I am done with the report. I closed my laptop, washed my face and walked/ran to our bedroom.
A friend of mine came home from cali and I got to party with her. 
Was amazing.
Went to visit family and friends in my home country.
My grand son got first prize in running race.
My crush added me back at social media.
The event that made me happy is the excellent appraisal rating I have got for the performance for past year.
we went to visit a sacred place called shiridi. there were two bling people searching for something.no one is guiding them.though i have a baby in my hands i rushed to them and helped the.this made me very happy.
Had a work related issues with colleague. She was slacker, cynic, evaded work and talked about everyone behind their back. Couple of weeks ago she was fired for not forwarding important project data and blaming it on someone else.
Attended my cousin marriage and met all my cousins after a long time
about three months ago. i bought a new computer.
One of the events that made me happy in the past 3 months was buying a new laptop.
When I discovered that I am pregnant from my home pregnancy test on march 1. I was so thrilled to see the result and it turned out to be positive. I am so happy till today.  
I WENT TO SHOPPING
My dad presented  me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday I was so excited, I can't forget that day in my life, that was my furst surprise given by my dad.
Rit serve open I'm happy
my friend called me for the purpose of asking result of examination.
I WAS HAPPY THAT I GOT A CLEAN BILL OH HEALTH FROM MY ANNUAL EXAM.
I was in a trip in paris
My dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly on my birthday I was so excited , i cant forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad 
I bought a new car
Taking a walk on a trail with my fiancee.
I went in California for vacations
I visited my boyfriend and we took a vacation to Niagara Falls.
I bought a new dog just 2 months ago, it was something I was planning on doing for a long time, felt good to have a new buddy alongside me
I went to Varkala with my family.
I published a new cookbook and it sold some copies and got great reviews, so I was pleased that the readers enjoyed it.
I have got a new job according to my qualification beginning of this month. It made me really happy.
I was very happy when I received a promotion and raise at work even though it involved extra work.
About a month ago, a company called me and hired me for a part time job. They called me because I made a good impression on them when I went there for an internship.
I played video games today and accomplished multiple goals in them.
My grandmother had recently started having dialysis treatments done three times a week. The treatments caused her to suffer from sever memory lapses, I am happy that the past couple of months she hasn't had any episodes.
My sister gave me a valuable present.
My ungle son's marriage was happened in my native place which i was held in last month in same building where we lived long. I was very much happy that i seen again my past life as my good remember. I went to that place where we played before 20 years that places all are changed like buildings which was very blank.
I went for a tour with my friends.
I made up with one of my oldest friends after a period of not talking to one another for a while. It felt good to rectify past wrongs. 
we celebrated my daughter's birthday. 
I felt very happy on Thursday last week when I shared time with my girlfriend in a cinema hall and enjoyed the moments with her
About 2 months ago my cousin and I drove to North Carolina to bring our uncle Andy home. He has brain cancer. Yes that's sad but growing up I wasn't close to him. That weekend we were there was the best weekend I had had with him in my entire life. We went to dinner and laughed about his stories. He stayed up with us just talking and joking. It wasn't magical but it was a weekend that made me happy. 
My son won a gold medal in the state level competition in quiz competition and it was announced yesterday. On hearing this I felt very happy
I recently got a girlfriend and have been spending a lot of time with her.
I got promoted as Senior Manager last month, more than happy.
I spent almost a month with great anxiety regarding my result publication. I started speculating so many things and many of them were negative. I could hardly keep away the tensions about my upcoming result. The result was so important that my college admission would mostly depend on it. I could not sleep well in the night before the result publishing. I think this is a common anxiety for students and I was familiar with this type of anxiety. However, this particular exam results game me more nightmares than any other time of my life.
I was happy because I was able to increase my savings this week.
my daughter won first prize of 3 standard study also she won speech,drawing&games competition.that occasion i enjoyed more
I met an old friend for breakfast and coffee, and spent hours having a really interesting, funny and engaging conversation with him.
When I went in for my ultasound and was told the baby had was developing normally
dancing in my sister's Marriage ceremony.
My first born son was born
One of my favorite YouTubers uploaded three new videos today - it's a rare treat to see an upload from him, since he's very sporadic.
I was able to buy my wife a brand new car.
My girlfriend came back to me
I finished adding mulch to all of the flower beds around the house.
I felt very happy last month because my daughter's first birthday was celebrated on first week of last month.
I tried out a new recipe for my family and I did not think it was going to come out great at all.  Let me say, it was delicious and everyone enjoyed it.  That was over a month ago and I'm still pretty happy about it. 
I WAS HAPPY WHEN I LOST 3 KG WEIGHT AS IT WAS VERY MUCH REQUIRED FOR ME TO LOOK SMART.
I was making jewelry for almost a year now and recently I opened a page and started selling it. 
Going to village : It was March Sunday. We had no office work so myself and my boss decided to go to his village.  The village is about 25 km from the town. We had to cross small rivulets to reach the village. In the village, my boss explained how they used to walk to the town for schooling. It was a rare experience. I was surprised to see the dwelling and the surroundings in the village.
I got a new job after looking for a while !!!
I found out that my wife does not have gestational diabetes. 
I was able to be approved for a gastric bypass revision surgery.
One event that made me happy was riding roller coasters at the theme park six flags.
I got several cards for my birthday.
Recently I got bonus pay for exceptional work on a project.
My daughter has started to walk.
I was offered a job that I really wanted.
I made a new friend for the first time in a really long time.
I wrote a paper for a class and got an A on it.
I got a new job that allowed me to continue working from home.
I went on a brewery bus with my wife and some friends and visited 4 breweries around Indianapolis.
An event that made me happy was when I got to FaceTime with my cousin who lives in Alaska who I have not seen in over two years.
When I took my wife on a vacation that we had planned everything went so well, and I was so happy 
Meeting someone who changed my life.  Made me realize what I wanted and motivated me to get back on track.
1) I am in a long distance relationship, so meeting my partner made me very happy. Meeting her was in the airport in early march, the overwhelming happiness from that moment lasted at least a few hours, but I also believe I have been happy in general since this event. 

I  CELEBRATED MY FRIEND BIRTHDAY PARTY,SHE WAS SURPRISED AND HAD GOOD TIME WITH MY FAMILY AND FRIENDS.
My Marriage
my cousin was married i consider her as my sister 
A very dear friend who was dealing with major depression in the past came out of it,with my help,and is now stabilised emotionally and professionally.
I made an effort to get myself to the doctors after a long period of depression and was put on anti-depressant medicine. I did not believe it would work but it has made a huge difference to my life in a positive sense.
Recently I had another success with a bug in our company's computer systems. I was able to resolve it while others couldn't. Made me feel really happy!
After 10 years of being a stay at home mum I got a part time job at my daughters dance school . 
My advisor agreed with me that a grant he wanted me to go after wasn't feasible, thus freeing me up for quite a bit of time to do some manuscript writing instead of grant writing in the next month.
my new bike
my mothers birthday party
Party with my friends
I lost eleven pounds and it was easier than I thought it would be.
My organization hosted a very successful event.
I invested in Bitcoins (crypto currency) few months ago and according to my prediction it will go up in few months time. And right now it is almost at double price compare to the price at which I brought it. So I am feeling happy and sold some today and holding some for future.
Went to my cousin's house for holiday.
Baseball season started again.
Helping a homeless man.
I found out during our Easter dinner that I was going to be a grandmother again for the fourth time!
I set a new personal record on running time.
The Florida Marlins beat the New York Mets after the Marlin's pitchers did a great job pitching.
i went to a restaurant and i met my old friends we started talking about our past and i found that they liked my company and who we together had fun at work and when we went for a vacation. It made me happy as i realize the that this is part of my life where i did not realize that i was enjoying and was happy so much than i later remember and realize them.
I went on a vacation where I didn't have to do much of anything at all.
It made me happy when I was awarding a 2 week vacation in Hawaii.  
My daughter passed her extremely hard EMT course with flying colors.
when I was selected for the college football team
Selling my house so my fiancee and I could move in together
I went to the store I used to work at and saw former coworkers.  They were genuinely pleased and excited to see me there.  Smiles, laughter, and questions about my well-being all made me quite happy.
Two weeks ago I came home and opened our mail. I discovered a check for $10,000. 
AT WORK, MY CO WORKERS AND I GOT OUR POSITIONS RE-WRITTEN SO OUR PAY GRADE WOULD INCREASE
My daughter graduated from High School and started college. It was a lot of hard work, but I am so proud of her. 
I went to the easter service and enjoyed the singing and atmosphere greatly.
I got to buy a house!
My friends and I planned a camping trip to a lake, where we floated around on a raft and drank beer and just relaxed!
I went to a birthday party for a good friend of mine.  I was nice to see him happy and a few other people I hadn't seen in a while.
The birth of my youngest daughter for me was a very happy moment to see the face of my daughter and your older brother can see her and so meet your younger sister for me that is priceless brother's love since I was only child And I did not know that love
I got my application approved to move into a new duplex in an awesome neighborhood.
We received our thank you cards in the mail so now we can start filling them out and sending them to people from our wedding.
I was happy when my sister decided to move to my city
Having a deep conversation with my wife about sex three months ago. This was About what was really go on in our life and minds. 
When I found out that my son was doing so well in school I was so happy and proud to hear that. 
I started praying while swimming at the local rec center, and the combination of mind and spirit makes me contented.
One thing that made me happy was painting my hallway.   I had been meaning to do it since I moved in, now it's done and I am relieved
the happiest moment in my life the happiest moment in my life is when i'm with someone special,shes been in my life for almost 6 years. whenever i'm 
 with her i felt complete,yes it may sounds weird but it is true. it is funny how big of an impact she have on me. it's been a year i thought i'm already 
 with her, but i'm wrong.so wrong. i'm still the guy who's madly in love with her.i could still remember the sweet smiles that picture in her face. i 
 ant to share my bad days with her, my daughters, my tears,my sorrows or even the rain, i miss her most wen i lie awake at night and think all about 
 he wonderful times that we spent in each others arms,for those were the best happiest moments  in my life that i will remember  
Getting my ex girlfriend out of my life.
I celebrated my son's birthday with a fun blast party.
Starting my final work for college. A few weeks ago I finished my 9th semester and I was able to start working towards my final work. This will allow me to graduate on december of this year and it's a huge step on my life.
I am happy that I am going on a fishing trip with my buddy soon.
We found a cute house with two apartments in it that we loved and put in an offer and got it
I was very happy when When my favourite football team (Paris Saint Germain) beated psg beated fc barcelona 4-0 in champions league.
I won a contest where I received a free television, which I put in my basement.
My friends and me went to coimbatore for participating competitions.This journey gave us more happy and excitement. Atlast it Stands in our mind as "memorable moments"
My wife is 6 months pregnant, and about a month ago we found out our baby was a girl.
I am happy about an job promotion I received recently.  
I traveled to Boston to visit my sister and we had a great weekend!
i was very happy when my team won the trophy last month. it was a fantastic moment 
My dog learned how to open doors on her own, and it took me by surprise.
On my birthday, me and my girlfriend went to a fancy restaurant and i got an amazing seafood dish.
I finalized a promotion that I received which will see me get a raise. 
My boyfriend and I were recently awarded custody of my four year old nephew after a one year long custody case.
My eye surgery was success.  
I had a crush.
I got to see my brother out in Hawaii for the first time in 10 years. 
My baby started to take her first steps.
My daughter was accepted into her school of choice for grad studies in new york city
My wife and myself traveled across the country for my stepsons wedding.
I got a flowering plant as a surprise gift from my sister and it made me happy
My family and I went out to eat at Dairi-O and the baby ate chicken.
2 Months back I was going to item limited time event. This event was truly unimaginable. I appreciate this occasion and feel so blissful. This is the stunning knowledge in my life about the occasion.
I was hired as a summer intern for a job that will help further my career.
I was able to spend a few days with an Uncle I haven't seen in over 20 years.
I got to visit my old center that I used to work at and the kids were super excited to see me.
My daughter came first among hundred participants who took part in drawing competition at state level
I had a great first day at my new job.
Going to personal training and completing my reps last night
My husband started working over time again, after being off work all winter.
When my niece, that never gives kisses or hugs when asked for, gave me a spontaneous kiss when I was defending her from a kid that was bullying her.
I got to spend a nice weekend with my mom.
Last night at the end of the evening I hatched a Porygon. I haven't seen one since the game came out on July 5th. I hatched it during an event and may have enough candies to evolve before the event is over today. Things have been going so terribly that I've been clinging to that one random triumph. 
I was given an award at work for my performance.
Touring college with my daughter this week and seeing how excited she got about certain schools and what her future may look like. 
Sold our house.
Two weeks ago it was nice outside and I played basketball with my son.  This made me happy because winter is over now and I can play outside with my son.
Last night we celebrated my girlfriend's mom's birthday.
A trip i took with my friends for 5 days to break out of the routine.

I was very happy two months ago when I had dinner with friends I hadn't seen in over two years.
The day I won $100 on a scratch off ticket.
My family went on a mini vacation this past weekend. We met up with some other family members and we went hiking and to the waterfall. After that, we got a hotel room and went fishing into the morning. After a brief nap, we went back to the waterfall, hiking, and then to a park that had a beautiful lake. The kids enjoyed playing together and swimming and we loved getting together!
In the last three months I booked a trip to visit my friend and I'm really excited to count down the days until I see him.
I took Ashley to the ocean for the first time in her life, it was quite a second date. :-) 
My test came back and my good cholesterol numbers are looking much better.
The most happiest moment was when I received a surprise gift from my husband who was away, travelling. He has sent me things which I really liked the most.
I received money from my school.
One event that made me happy was when I reconnected with my best friend from high school, whom I've lost contact with for three years.
One day i returning to home in the cycle. There is a meeting in a street. A bull is standing center in the small street. When i click the bell in my cycle, that bull is walk slowly in the corner. I happy very much. I can's forget that moment.
My dad had a stroke over three years ago and is still recovering.  Last month at a family wedding had and my mom danced together for the first time in over the three years. 
- I have often dreamed of finding a business friend with all the specifications of a true friend. More than a month ago I enjoyed this friend and how much I was very happy with him. Now I can progress in my work and share with a friend who deserves it. An event that will make me grateful for a long time.
An event that made me happy in the last three months was a fun night out with friends.  We went out with two other couples and did an escape room and dinner and drinks afterwards.  We all got babysitters and it was just a lot of fun to have an adult night with no kids.  
In the past three months, I got an extra day off work for losing weight.
I passed my certification exam
My career status has raised one notch up. I was made sure that I'll be continuing to work in my field of interest in spite of me having less years of experience, lesser opportunities and higher demand in the industry.
I spent a long weekend a few weeks ago at the beach with my spouse.
Taking my children to a college baseball game and watching our team produce a big win.
This morning my daughter built her first Duplo(Lego) tower that was more than a single pillar.
the moment when i get my master degree i was very happy it's came after 2 years of studying and tired so this moment became  a big pleased event as i finished an important goal of my life that which will change my future  
What made my happy in the last 3 months was getting my drivers license back. I had been revoked for 2 years and got my freedom back. 
My boyfriend, his daughter and I went to an arcade. 

I got engaged to my girlfriend.
My friend likes to help others and she often likes to arrange visits to different orphanages. On one of her visits, she invited us all. As I was free that day, I had decided to go. First, I wasn't excited at all. It didn't know what I would do when I would reach there. It was in the plan to reach the place at 2 p.m. I went before time and started to wait for others.
I am always fascinated by jewellery with rubies and emeralds but I always thought it is expensive. I bought an expensive necklace made of emeralds and rubies last month and feeling very happy that I could afford such expensive jewellery.
I was able to start a new job with a raise.
I have expanded my relationship with my daughter to a whole new level. While we have always been close some circumstances in my life (loss of job) have given me the opportunity to open up about my feelings and in turn she has been more "sharing and open" with me. 
My son recovered from a terrible car accident that he almost died from.
Booked a vacation with friends.
My brother bought me a laptop.
I found out yesterday that a show I follow is starting back up tonight
My boyfriend and I bought our first house.
I bought 3 month back a land in my name this was my long time plan as my family does not own any land we lived only as tenant i am very happy 
Last week i got placement in a famous bank with my friends.
The moment I was offered a permanent position in the interview at my dream company.
I completed a big project at work that was seen by upper management and received compliments on my work.
I went on a short road trip with my friends and we had lots of fun.
I had fun going to Top Golf and then out to lunch with some of my friends for a friend's bachelor party.
I was able to snag three interviews this month alone.
I found a bunch of old bitcoins (5.7 in total!) on an old hard drive. I thought I had lost them a long time ago. This is a very welcome surprise because the value of these is a few thousand dollars!
Getting to see my 91-year-old grandmother for the first time in a year made me happy.
I recently just helped my friend build his PC. It made me very happy to see his happy face
I was at a restaurant with a boy that I have been seeing. We were talking about computers and how he was helping me build one. We then started talking about old computer games when we were younger. It was such a fun moment to be around someone who was able to make me smile and be nostalgic and happy for the future all in one.
The day I moved in with my girlfriend made me happy because we had been dating online for months and wanted to move in together.
My girlfriend accepted a new job.
I and my kid went to my mothers home and i spend three days over there . my kid played with her cousins over there.i feel very much happy. 
I received a raise at work.
My Aunt's house sold for more than the asking price, which will help pay for her new apartment.
I found a box of old CDs that I haven't heard in years, so now I can go back and listen through them.
I started running about a year ago and yesterday I went with a friend who just recently started. It was so much fun to go with someone who is just getting into the sport!
We were watching a nature program and I found out that manatees are no longer on the endangered species list. 
Last night we got to take the boat out which was a lot of fun.
I went home and my wife had all the cleaning I had planned on doing done already.
Finding out I was going to be a father
A few weeks ago, a good friend from out of town that I had not seen for nearly a year showed up at my door unannounced, surprising me with his visit.
I took my dog for a run and he did a great job without pulling and barking at other dogs.  He was very tired afterwards and took a long nap!  He has always struggled to go for runs so this was a huge improvement.
I was working on the final part of a project that had taken me a few years. I got it finished and now I just have to write it up.
My friend got drunk and I made sure to drive her home and make sure she was safe. 
The happiest movement is change to person to person and time to time, as far as regarding my happiest movement is concerned when i completed my high school, it is definitely an unforgettable movement for me all my family members was waiting my result, it was just momentum movement,

This is going to sound kind of weird, but my grandmother passed away, she really wanted to go because she was just waiting for her time so it was peaceful and a positive thing for her I think and she is not in pain or in fear anymore.
In the past 3 months, something that made me happy was finally seeing my 2 year old nephew for the first time.
We bought a new truck to pull our boat with this year....very exciting!
I made an investment in the stock market about a month ago and I bought a basket of stocks. At the time it was quite a nerve wrecking experience because I knew that I could end up losing money. But luckily, it turned out good. The stocks that I bought went up and I made some money. Not a life changing amount of money, but I considered it a good amount that I really appreciate. I was very happy with the results.
Several days ago I found out that my niece has been accepted into a well known university.
Beginning my last semester of college.
My daughter made a new friend.
Found out my favorite IPA is on tap just down the street from me 
I was offered a job after months of looking
I passed all my university exams.
Watching my daughter grow up and seeing her being happy every day.
My offer was accepted on a house that I really liked.
I sold a headband on Etsy last month.  It was my first sale of the year.  
We moved into a new house!
I met my current girlfriend on the dating site Bumble
I made plans with my mother, sister, brother, grandmother, and other family members to go to Disney World over Mother's Day Weekend, and I supplied the passes!
he most happiest moment i stil reckon when i came back
from the first day of my school, i was so excited and happy
to attend my classes and meet with new friends. when i
return back to my home. i saw my dad were waiting for me
with a glass of juice and that moment made me feel so
special so i enjoyed a lot and felt the most happiest moment
of my life.
Today is my son's birthday
Today was my last exam of last semester and now my college is officially overa|. And I am an MBA nowa|. I dunno whether to smile or to feel sada|. But I choose to be happy 
Getting my hair and nails done this week made me happy because I felt more confident and relaxed. 
I was able to take time off from work in anticipation of our new child arriving in June.
Within the past the months, my life has changed for the better. It has made me happy completely. My husband has been without a job for years now, and having to do things on my own really took a toll on me. Recently he has started working two jobs, and everything is being taken care of at home with his help. This has taken so much stress away that i am able to breath and be happy again. 
i was happy a couple of months ago when i moved back to my hometown and was reunited with my friends and family. 
My friend invited me at his birthday party.
I was accidentally able to successfully argue the price of a purchase from $54 to $25.
I bought a new bird feeder system for my yard.
Today was my last exam of last semester and now my college is officially overa|. And I am an MBA nowa|. I dunno whether to smile or to feel so.
I bought a new professional grade mower.
I sold my condo which is the first step of moving in with my fiancee.
I was happy going on a trip to bangkok with my friend. We had fun.
I went for a run outside.
A week ago I got accepted to work a really fun summer job, I've been in great need for a new job since I was let go over  a month ago.

I was happy when I had been out with friends and drinking and I was about to go to bed after having tried to get my best friend to come out and failing. Later while I was trying to fall asleep he called me and ended up coming to meet me and drive my car home. We went shopping first and had a really great talk. 
One thing that made me happy today is that it's my 15 year anniversary!
I got an Mturk bonus.
The day I finally got married to my wife.
The birth of my son. My son was born on February 17, 2017. It was great, and made me feel on top of the world.
My mother and her husband came to stay with my wife, child, and I over the Easter holiday.
I thought I needed to replace the entire canvas on my pop-up camper, but I had it looked at and it only needs to be repaired-- a savings of $1200!
I hiked to the summit of Mica Mountain in Arizona.
My youngest son is almost 13 and I am going to miss him as a little boy because he is so sweet. I dropped him off at a sleepover and when we arrived he darted out of the car without saying goodbye which I really didn't notice too much. But, then, all of a sudden he came running back. Opened the door, gave me a kiss and said "I love you so much" and then ran back inside.  I was so touched.
I was happy to finally buy a new car after 15 years of driving the same one.
About a month ago my job started giving me more and more work. I was feeling extremely overwhelmed and was feeling as if I were going to be fired soon. I of course always finished my work on time. Then came my one on one with my boss. I as terrified. When she explained the reason as to why I had a higher workload was because she was giving me a 3 dollar raise and needed me to sign the contract. I was flabbergasted the happiness I felt was overwhelming. I went from 18 dollars an hour to 21 dollars which made me ecstatic. I hadn't felt this excited and happy in a long while.
When my best friend got married and I went to his wedding.
I got a job!
I received a handmade gift from a friend which consisted of hand painted rocks like cactus setup in a display.
I was happy when I noticed the grass turning green after being brown all winter.
Finding out that I was pregnant with our second child
I found a box of cereal that tastes like my wife's favorite kind of cookie.
My favorite hockey team is leading 3-0 in their first round playoff series. 
Finishing the semester at school made me happy. 
I paid off my credit card debt I had left!
I started intermittent fasting as well as tracking my calories in order to take steps to a healthier life.
I went to Boston to visit my son and his wife, and stayed for a long weekend where we had a wonderful time.
My child started forming a vocabulary and could now start communicating to us more effectively.
I was able to sit and talk with my husband last night. It was so relaxing.
I stretched and popped some stiff joints.
I became very happy when I first found out I was going to have an internship.
It made me happy that my special friend came to visit me this past Sunday because I had been looking forward to his visit for a long time.
I walked on the beach today and picked up some shells, it was wonderful.
When I heard that my brother had completed his move into his new apartment, it made me happy because I knew he had been under a lot of stress, and completing his move would allow him to reduce the level of stress in his life..
I went tubing in the White River in Jamaica for the first time and it was relaxing as the river slowly takes a person on its route.
A girl is giving me hints
The grocery store offered a dazzling display of delectable fruits and vegetables.  I marveled at the colorful produce section.  The employees were helpful when I asked where the apples were.  I found exactly what I was looking for and felt great.

I got approved to put up a mural at my work that I've been wanting to put up.
The Chicago Cubs raised their world series championship banner and I got to watch the ceremony live on TV. 
I found a used dvd of The Notebook yesterday for $1.00
I visited Sedona and took pictures while hiking. 
One event that occurred in my life in the past three months that made me happy was that I received a higher tax return  than expected. I was very happy to k ow that I was going to be able to pay of some extra bills.
Couple weeks ago, I went to visit my friend in San Diego. I have not seen my friend in a couple months and we hung out together. We went to brewery, and several clubs. It was very fun and enjoy to see my friend. It made me happy for about 3 days. 
Served by a helpful assistant in a chemist's shop. It was great to be spoken to naturally, like a friend would, without sounding like a script or calling me "sir" (which just distances you from the customer).
I received a promotion at work two months ago.
The other day, I went on an excellent date where I really felt chemistry with the person.
I was given a raise at work after enduring a grueling week.
I thanked my dad for something he did for us when he was young, he texted back that I was very welcome, and the next morning said that was a sweet thing to say, so made me feel good I'd thanked him if it made him feel good.
The day my family got my father out of his bad living situation was a happy event. My parents are still married, but my mother lives with me in Wyoming and my dad lives in Texas. My mother prefers the colder temperatures and my dad prefers warmer, so that's why they live apart. However, my father has serious health issues relating to a brain hemorrhage he had several years ago and his end-stage liver failure. My mother, my sister, and myself tried for several months to get him to move from the house he was in, which he couldn't take care of, to my sister's house. Finally, due to my dad falling and hurting himself, we got him to move. Now he's with family who can ensure that all his needs are taken care of.
When I finished repainting all of the interior doors in my house.
Something that made me happy recently was getting a chocolate bunny in my Easter basket.
My son finally started to walk across the room on his own last week.
I had been having a hard few weeks, and my husband asked if he was doing enough to help me and if he could do anything else to make me feel better.
I got some time of approved for a vacation that i really wanted to take with my friends.
Getting the opportunity for employment training made me very very happy.
The day I caught the a fish on the boat I made, lure I made, and rod I made. 
Taking pictures of my baby daughter in an easter outfit made me happy.
I am a middle school teacher that works in a rural area with kids that are bused in from all over. One particular student has been having a hard time at home. He decided to talk to me one day almost in tears. After we talked I didn't see him for a week. When I saw him he told me thank you. You are one of the few people that I can actually talk to. I realized that out talks were making a real different with this child.  This was the reason that I got in to teaching in the first place. 
I found an alternate source of income.
Celebrated my daughters second birthday
I, took a vacation to San Francisco. I, was happy to  tour around the city for 5 days. 
Went with my wife to our monthly appointments to check on our baby, where we saw an ultrasound image of it.
My dad had hand surgery. It went well.
Two weeks ago, when I traveled to Spain and I felt the mediterranean spring.
I decided to move to a big city a few months ago and just this week was told we were approved for an apartment in this city.
I got a new job.
For my birthday in March, it made me happy when I went out for drinks and a nice dinner with my husband.
I ate a russell stover peanut butter chocolate bunny
My old friend from Virginia came to town and we spent a lot of time together for a few days. 
Celebrating Easter with my family made me happy. It was nice to have the family join together for a meal. 
A day that I was extremely happy was when my father was offered a job after several months of being laid off. It was the second time he had been laid off in less than 7 years, and was hard on the whole family. I was elated when I found out he'd be making more money and would be working across the street from me!
I got increment from my work place
I AM VERY HAPPY BECAUSE I FALLEN MY FIRST LOVE, AND I WANT TO MARRY WITH HER AND I THOUGHT  SHE IS LUCKY FOR ME, I LOVE SO MUCH I JUST HAPPY.
Coming home after a bad day and finding the new Star Wars movie available to watch after being on pre-order for months.
I moved in to my new apartment.
After buying a number of DASH coins (a cryptocurrency) at about $7 each in January, I was very happy to see its price rise substantially enough that I could cash out my original investment and see a continued increase in the value of the rest.
I got married.
I recently discovered Nathaniel Rateliff's music during the Fargo season premiere.
My neice celebrated her 1st birthday last month, and it was a very nice day.  I get to watch her grow and change, and I love being a part of it with her.
I got a raise at my job last month and today I managed to get rid of all my debts
One day when I was travelling I meet with an small puppie. Puppy was cute I brought him to my home. Every day I play with him I have talk with him he also gives me response. He likes to play with so do I.  I share with him all the things I tell him what all things I did in a day. And he listen to me. 
We finally got the wedding venue paid off.
I completed a 40 mile ride on my bicycle. 
I purchased a new fully automatic washing machine last week for my house hold stuffs and it made me very happy.
Traveling to, competing in and finishing a Spartan race with my family watching!
I recently just had my first baby.  It has been absolutely incredible.
Last week, I proposed my dissertation project, and was admitted into candidacy.
I was given a nice raise and more hours at my current job.
My mom, who I don't see very much, took my husband, children, and I out for a nice dinner on Easter.
I talked with my girlfriend.
On event that made me happy in the past 3 months was being able to spend time with my girlfriends family on Easter and Passover.
I have won pictionary at ladies Night each week this month.  
Someone asked me out.
I housesat for my aunt and uncle and played with their dogs.
I went on vacation with my wife and son to a bed and breakfast in a rural area.
When my five year old daughter passed her first spelling test.
I celebrated my 21st birthday
I had a birthday a couple months ago and what I wanted most was to have a date with my husband at a nice restaurant without having to set up babysitters myself, and that's exactly what I got! 
An old friend from high school reached out to me. We were best friends and it felt great talking to her.
As I am an Artist I do paintings.I do sell painting and I even take part in in the exhibitions by the art museums.I did take part in one f the exhibitions and it was also a competition.So,I really worked very hard on my art.It took me about a 2 months to complete my art.I was very satisfied with it.I submitted my art in the museum.Than I got a call from the museum that I stood first in the art competition.I was so happy.All the hard work was worth it.I really very happy.The jury really liked my work.
The day of my daughter's 9th birthday.  She was so excited and happy which makes me incredibly happy.  She was my miracle baby so it's always exciting to celebrate another year with her.
I  purchased a washing machine for my family.
I flew in a microlight aircraft and did a lot of aerobatics.
I packed my stuff to go to my friend's engagement ceremony
An event that made me happy was when I was accepted as a volunteer at the hospital in my town. I was even happier when I got there and got to work, doing something in order to make life easier for patients and staff.
My husband surprisingly hugged and kissed me when I woke up. 
I flew to a conference for work in San Antonio, TX.
I was happy when I paid off a debt.
I bought a new controller (Red Gear) to play games on my laptop.
During spring break I went to the beach and enjoyed strolling along the seashore searching for seashells. It was great. My family all went together and we had a great time. We packed lunch and soda. It was very windy and invigorating. 
I found out that my sister was getting married.
One event that made me happy within the last 3  months was when I was climbing a mountain in Rocky Mountain National park. 
I decided to lay in my hammock in the park and watch clouds for an hour on a sunny day.
I got to go to lunch with one of my daughters and we had a wonderful time talking. 
I left Georgia to visit my daughter, her husband and my grand daughter.
When I broke my arm and they gave me pain medicine
I received a senior SDR promotion at work last month.
I went for a bike ride along the beach on a nice warm day and enjoyed the sunshine and sights. 
Taking my son to his first swim lesson. He did really well and laughed through the whole thing. He really enjoyed it.
When my long term boyfriend surprised me with a romantic weekend getaway in Toronto. 
I found a baby maple tree in a pot that I had planted with other types of plants.
When my new boss showed her appreciation for me joining their team by buying me a thing of flowers and having them waiting on my desk for me in the morning with a little note thanking me for all I do and how happy she is that I've joined their team and how great I do. 
I got a promotion at work. 
I made a dedication to return back to yoga and have gained back so much of my flexibility and feel fitter and healthier.
Having my 4 year old niece start a My Gym class and seeing her enjoy it and interacting with the other kids for the 1st time.
I was happy when I got to spend a day experience new event with my boyfriend, like riding the trolley downtown and spending the evening at a hockey game.
I had some important work to finish yesterday night and I was sitting in my bedroom with my laptop, finishing my work while my best-friend was sleeping sound. I was sleep driven and getting a bit irritated by seeing her sleeping like a baby. So I made a cup of tea drank it till half the glass and put that glass on the top of our cooler. 
One event in the past 3 months that has made me happy is winning one hundred dollars from a lottery ticket.
two months back i bought my first new bike out of my own savings. i was very happy on riding it for the first time. 
I moved in to a new apartment that is much nicer than my old one
An event that made me happy, that is easy last month me, my boyfriend and my son went bowling and played video games.  it was a ton of fun and made super happy!
I was so happy the day that I successfully sewed my first dress for my daughter. She wore it the next day and was so extremely proud of me.
My advisor was impressed by the quality of work I provided.
It was awesome to surprise my parents and tell them that I was engaged.
It was when we went to Florida for vacation.
The birth of two new grandchildren made me extremely happy!
!
I made friends with someone of similar attitude
I watched a movie and I really liked it.
When I baked my first batch of cookies in my new oven and it came out perfect. 
My friend was accepted in an overseas job.
Recently, I finished editing my first novel.
Well, it's close to 3 months (1-17-17) The birth of my daughter, Brie. She's my first child and my wife and I have been trying for eight years. After some hard work on ourselves, getting into shape, controlling her diabetes, and me lowering my anxiety, we finally have a beautiful baby girl.  :-)
My best friend came to visit me for a long weekend.
My fiance and I were at home, and we sat down in front of the TV to watch the trailer for the Last Jedi with surround sound on the tv.
I got surprise tickets from some friends to see Blink 182 this summer.
Last night my wife and I went to a live performance of a podcast we like, Welcome To Night Vale.
My partner and I decided to start trying to make a baby.
I went to this really bizarre store with my boyfriend and my daughter that was full of strange wood chainsaw carvings.
The easter egg hunt that I made for my daughter on Sunday made me extremely happy; she truly enjoyed it and was happily surprised to find so many eggs.
I went on a weekend vacation with family. 
In the past 3 months, I found out that I will be having a baby girl.
I found out I was accepted into nursing school and can now start to go down the path to my dream job.
I was really happy to help with my dad, who has Alzheimer's, with his care for one month.  
I usually don't celebrate my birthday, but I got a really nice card with the gift from my friends, that everyone signed and wrote something really sweet on the inside. 
I went on vacation to Santiago.
I begin turking and making real money online for the first time. 
My son surprised me with a dress from his first salary.
Watching my boyfriend make a coffee table
I cooked an Easter dinner for my family.
The day I started pushing myself to exercise. This was about 6 months ago and pushing my body to such an extent I did not believe possible has made me very happy and confident. It has made me happy to this day. 
I went on a hike, one I knew to be hard and was able to finish it without stopping.
I talked with my parents 2 days ago for the first time in two weeks after they had just gotten back from a cruise.
I was hired as a photographer at the Audubon Aquarium.
I was finally able to post my music up on the spotify music service. 
I finally finished my origami snake which took me around a month to build. 
I found an apartment I really liked, and got accepted to take it.
A few days ago, my mother passed a naturalization process and became a US citizen.
I won $5 on a lottery scratch card.
An even that made me happy in the past 3 months, would be the birth of my daughter! When she was still growing inside me, I loved her to pieces. After, she came out I feel that I loved her even more, and would hate to be separated from her! She was so beautiful, but she was premature and I knew the love that I had for her would pull her through! That was one of the happiest days of my life!
When my wife and I were hiking in the northern woods of Minnesota during a beautiful spring day. 
My friend Julie came to visit me one weekend from out of town. 
I've been trying to lose some weight for the last several weeks. Today, I went to the doctor and found out that I had lost 10 pounds. This made me really happy.
I planted new sod in the front yard of the house that improve the beauty of my family home. 
Graduated from nursing school. 
I went to Japan and got to see the cherry blossoms bloom. 
The day I adopted a second dog made me really happy.
It made me happy when my boyfriend made me blueberry pancakes for my birthday.
Worked out yesterday for the first time in ages.
I got to Diamond in Overwatch.
When my Nephew came over and we got to watch Better Call Saul on Netflix. We hardly ever get to spend time together so when little things like this happen it makes me happy. Also we don't have a very big family.
I got offered a teaching assistant job for a class in the fall.
Went to see my kids play in band for UIL competition.  They both play in the symphonic band in middle school, and in the competition, they got the highest score you could get for the pieces they played as well as the sight-reading they did.
I passed my final year exams with distinction in 2/4 subjects and honors in the remaining two. This was a lot more than the just pass that I was expecting.
I was finally able to negotiate the sale price of a home that I was interested in purchasing.
My grandma recovered from her surgery.
I reconnected with a girl that I had met previously at a wedding and greatly enjoyed the time I spent with her.
I passed my comprehensive exam in graduate school. 
I went home to see my girlfriend and dogs for an afternoon lunch.
I went to the Wendy Williams show and they gave us books in the crowd from the guest of the day.
Went to see the new room I'm renting in a large beautiful home for grad school. It is exceeding my expectation for a shared home. 
I recently helped a close friend of mine buy a new car, something that she desperately needed, and helping her do this has left me feeling elated.
My friend surprised me and drove all the way to my house to pick me up to go hang out with friends I hadn't seen in years.
My youngest son was born.
My son infant son starting sleeping through the night.
My hubby asked for sorry after a big, fight that moment was a fabulous and I was feeling like flying in the air.
I COMPLETED THE INSTALLATION OF A NEW BATHROOM VANITY.
My backyard squirrels actually took a peanut from my hands after feeding them for over a year.
I passed my polygraph.
I recently began a coding bootcamp and had been struggling with getting a database to function with a webpage, after a few hours I finally got it working
I won a videogame tournament with one hundred other players fighting in it.
My best friend who lives in a different state, was in my state to visit her family. And she made a special trip, out of her way, just to come visit me and celebrate my birthday with me!
My son was able to visit on a school break, and it had been some time since the last time we saw each other.
completed a big project within a short span of time.
My dog just hit the ground and rolled with all 4 feet in the air for several minutes and made me laugh.
When I completed making a wedding cake for a friend.  I t was a rare type of wedding cake (two tier pineapple upside down cake, no frosting) and was a challenge for me. It made me happy because I was able to complete it and I just felt like I conquered a challenge, plus I knew it would make my friend happy!
I bought a new bike which is my long time dream. I feel accomplished after bought this and went for a long ride.
Back in January,  I was really happy when I completely paid off one of my credit cards.
I laid in bed with my baba.

I was selected to not only act in, but also direct a television show that will be premiered on Maroon TV.
When Easter holiday started from last week to the end of this week.
I am very happy when I successfully completes my masters degree
My recent vacation to the Eastern Shore made me very happy, I enjoyed spending time outside and with my family.
I was happy when I was able to see my unborn baby on the ultrasound at the doctor's office.
"Pongal" event held successfully as to our belief:
Before two weeks, I along with my family went to a temple. There is a procedure named "Pongal". We did it in our home before three months, but it didn't g on properly. We were so upset. So, last to last week we went to a temple(Nanjundeeshwarar temple) and kept "Pongal" there. As a surprise, it went so good and we finished it so nicely. Due to this, We were on the peek. This is happiness id due to God's grace. We thank God until now.
Being able to get a goodnight's rest after having a horrible sleeping pattern for about a week.
I celebrated Easter with family.
My fiancee and I made a fancy dinner for Valentine's day and ate it together in our decorated dining room.
An event that made me happy in the last 3 months was when I was offered a job interview at a printmaking shop after being unemployed.
My son applied for and received an extra $2000 scholarship from the college he is planning on attending.
I adopted a new cat from a local shelter.
Last weekend, I went to visit my sister who is pregnant. I was able to feel the baby move!
I got an internship in Miami.
i lost 40 lbs
I went to a concert with a good friend to celebrate my birthday. The show featured artists I have liked for a long time, & my friend & I had a blast.
i find money in the street.
I set my roommate up with one of my closest friends and they really hit it off on their first date.
I bought my granddaughter a new bike for her birthday. She was happy, I was thrilled.i was very happy.It was a beautiful day. I took my iPad and a glass of wine, at 4 o'clock in the afternoon.Get together with old friends.We know that sleep helps our bodies to recover from the day and repair themselves, and that it helps us focus and be more productive. It turns out, it's also important for our happiness.
When I got accepted into law school.
The birth of my second grand-daughter 9 weeks ago. 
In the last 3 months I was happy that my bedroom was finally completed.
Easter morning, when I took my kids to my parents house.
I was happy when I saw that some cryptocurrency I purchased online increased in value.
My scholarship application got approved!
I was extremely happy when I received the first items ordered for my babies nursery.
When my boyfriend and I cooked an awesome three course dinner together. 
When i woke on a Sunday and found flowers for me in the livingroom.
A moment that made me happy was when my daughter finally understood using the potty and had no accidents.
In February, I started a new job and a new career. This decision made me happy because I am now able to be with both of my children during the day and care for them more instead of being across town. 
I went to a doctor specialized with bach plants, I have been feeling different than before, and having here explain g some type of stuff made me realize i was wrong and that i could change it made me so happy that my old me is coming back.
My husband and I booked a vacation in Hawaii.
My doctor informing me that my newborn daughter was perfectly healthy.
Easter. My daughter was so excited that she got her bike and everything else that she had wanted.
A few weeks ago, I prepared a pitch and presented it to my bosses, asking for a raise. I got the raise!
Holly coming to visit me Monday  was very great news when she messaged me about it.
I received a law school admissions letter in the mail with details about a scholarship that was offered to me. 
It's true that these two feelings are mutually exclusive, you just can't feel one way while feeling the other. That's a big reason to lean towards being happier more of the time.

It can be nearly impossible to go from angry to happy, so you're just looking for the thought that eases you out of your angry feeling and moves you in the direction of happiness. It may take a while, but as long as you're headed in a more positive direction you'll be doing yourself a world of good.


I made a road trip up the coast with my partner.
I was happy after the first few months of my workout when I was able to fit into clothes that I had not worn in a couple of years. 
I was informed that I was going to be a great-grandmother!
My daughter manages an accounting office and I babysit her two children on Saturdays for the three months of tax-season each year because she must work six days a week and this past Saturday tax-season ended which made her children and everyone, including myself, happy for the rest of this year!
I delivered all my papers to get my Engineers Degree from mi university. The one big goal of my life is almost done.
I was happy when I got to spend time with my cousins on Easter Sunday.
Visiting my best friend that lives in another city.
I made ten bucks in ten minutes off of survey work and got paid within the hour.
I received more hours at work.
Playing boardgames with a Meetup group
I went to an outdoor mall with my friend and my husband. We shopped and had a delicious lunch. It was raining very hard, but it was lots of fun. 
I was told at work that I do an exceptional job. 
The moment when I Save a human life in the Road. it was in Feb 2017. A person got a car accident and nobody was helping him. I helped him and now he is happy and living. It was one of the happiest moments in my life.
My brother and his family coming to visit and staying with us for the weekend.  
I spent an afternoon with my nephew at the aquarium.
My Lover told "I Love You", that event s
Today I took the children I nanny for to the park to play with friends.
When I left my job 2 months ago and decided to go freelance, and don't have to get up and hit a clock everyday.
I could finally pay the rent I still owed to the owner of the house I rent.
My boss got a new computer system at work and asked me to set it up and program it. Because I chose to do that, I got a raise, which is pretty cool. I also get the satisfaction of knowing that I set up our whole new system, which is working beautifully.
A full tank of gas - this may seem strange, but I get an overwhelming sense of joy by filling up my gas tank & seeing the gas gauge pinned to the full indicator - this morning!
2 weeks ago, when I purchased my first ps4 game with the money that I get form mechanical turk.
I was happy that my brother decided to sell me his car.
We thought we were having a miscarriage, but went in to the ultrasound and heard a strong heartbeat and a healthy baby.
I got a college scholarship. 
I finally saved up enough money for a ps4.
Getting 13 granddaughter
Last sunday easter lunch with all my family. We ate delicious food, delicious dessert and we share almost all day talking and laughing.
My son won a prestigious award
I was actually able to pay all of my bills last month for the first time in a year.
I helped my family finally clean our back yard up. It may sound weird but the thing looked like a junk yard. Old lawn mowers, a washing machine, car parts, weird metal I had NO IDEA what was. Not only that we scrapped it all and I got a cut for my effort. The backyard looks great again and I got money, it was a big win-win.
I got to go to a birthday party in a log cabin at a state park about an hour from my house, which was a blast.
I was very happy last week when I accomplished one of my projects. I had been planning all year to build a vertical garden box out of a pallet. Last week I went and bought the supplies and that same day I built and filled my pallet garden box. I still look out the window at it and am so happy. 
I got a part time job that I had applied for.  I needed it badly and it feels good to be employed once again to take the money worries away.
The birth of my nephew in February made me really happy.
My friend ran into the room screaming that he got a new job, and his pants fell down. He lurched down to pull up his pants, and managed to fall over the couch. Funniest thing I've seen all year. I just about pissed myself laughing.
An event that made me happy was visiting Japan. 
Traveling through the Greek Islands during the summer. 
My car loan application was approved by the bank last month.
My partner and I went to visit family at a beach house in Delaware.
I went online to check for a board game that I had heard was very fun. I found that game for sale on Amazon and purchased it quickly. The deal was about 50% off and that really made me happy to get a good game for so cheap.
I watched puppy dog pals with my two kids this morning before we took them to day care.
The most recent event that made me happy was hearing my son start to talk. He now says things like mom, dog, bottle, dad, etc. It makes me happy to know my son is growing up happy and healthy. 
Hanging out with my childhood friend for a few days after not seeing him in a long time made me quite happy, it was a simple event but we had dinner and a few drinks and caught up on old times.
My first real Valentine's Day with my girlfriend made me happy.
Seeing comments on facebook about my wife
I got into the JET Program, a job I have prepared for for 10 years now.
My husband got a bonus at work more than he expected.
I was able to go on a golf vacation about a month ago and had a great time.
I started writing comedy again and started to make people laugh again and it has been 7 years since i've written comedy or even remotely felt funny. I've made comedy videos with my wife and just creating something with my wife that will be around forever makes me really happy. 
My Daughter invited me to the movie & dinner , we watched King Kong then ate lunch at Bell the Cat.
I got a new job.
Friend's surprised me with a birthday dinner and cake. 
A friend of mine gave me a very nice Slytherin pen for Christmas in April.
My ex-girlfriend texted me out of the blue.
My fiance proposed to me!
The award of a land two and a half months ago, there we can have our planting of paprika and tomato, this made me happy since it was a struggle of years and we achieved consistently with my wife.
The day I took my daughter in to get her cast off for her broken arm. The doctor told me it healed perfectly and was very strong.
My husband and I were able to go out by ourselves without the kids and spend some quality time together.
I was drinking pina colada and dancing salsa with my boyfriend in a bar at Trinidad of Cuba on my vacation before one month.
I helped my brother do the body work on his car after an accident to save him over 2,000 dollars and he paid me 500 for the job, that was so much work but it was fun.
I received a promotion at work.
I filed my taxes, and was promised a large refund.
I was completely and totally healed from Bell's Palsy.
I got a new puppy about a month ago.
I went to the park with three friends for one of the nicest days in the year so far to play frisbee and soccer.
The guy I'm dating came to work on a busy night and brought me a milkshake. 
got new position at my work
I was happy when I received the results of my A1c test a month ago; it was the lowest A1c I had every had. 
Going to stay in a cabin for two days with my husband and dog made me very happy.  We went hiking and enjoyed the beautiful surroundings.
My wife's youngest sister got into a training program to be a flight attendant.
My whole family got together for a family reunion a couple of months ago, it was great seeing all my nieces and nephews.
The day we found a small animal chiropractor to see my dog and help fix his nerve damage
Blue Jackets won a PLAYOFF GAME!! WOOOO! In regulation time as well! Go Jackets!
One event that made me really happy was picking out our new countertops for our kitchen.
My trip to New York during late in the winter of this year made me very happy.
I had a salary increase since I perform well on my job last year.
I finally got a new job after being unemployed for 6 months.
I broke up with my girlfriend about three months ago. You would think I should be sad or angry or whatever but this experience (the breakup specifically) has made me a much stronger, healthier and happier person.
U was informed by a family member that she'd gotten engaged to be married.
I managed to finish my first half marathon.
I had a cookout with friends.
I had been working on a project tirelessly for months, so the day I finished and submitted the last element of the project I felt lighter than air!
My husband was able to get a new job.  It was less money than what he was making but I am hoping he gets treated better.
Trying a new restaurant with my wife
take best employ on my job

I went to see my family back in New york. I currently live in Missouri so it was a long trip and I haven't seen them in almost a year and a half so it was a very happy occasion for me!



Going out to dinner with my son at his favorite restaurant.
My daughter turned 2 years old.
I was able to receive a bonus at work for outstanding safety record for the first quarter.
I had a successful job interview at a company I liked
Receiving an unexpected special gift on Valentine's from my husband. A lovely new smartphone
My brother texted me, "I love you :)" around an hour after we had already finished our text conversation.
I bought a new townhouse and finally started paying into my own investment instead of renting; I also gained $30,000 in equity as soon as I bought it, which was a nice surprise. 
Today I gave my friend a birthday gift that they really liked.
Sitting in the sunshine on my patio eating strawberries from the farmers market.
I was happy to see my daughter when she unexpectedly came to town for a weekend last month.
I was just approved for a new apartment.
I was really happy when my family and friends had a dinner and spent the day together for easter. 
I turned 21, and am now legally allowed to drink alcohol.
I got a new puppy two months ago and that made me very happy. He was cute and cuddly and I had been sort of depressed for a while and never wanted to get out of bed. When I got the puppy, suddenly I had to get out of bed because he needed to go potty and be fed and go on walks. 
I found out I was eligible for an European citizenship.
i finally landed the job that i've been trying to get for 2 years now. Its basically an Willy Wonka opportunity and I will do my best to maintain the position.
Spending Christmas vacation with my children and husband. Having family time and going skiing.
My husband offered to pick up our daughter from school so that I could rest. 
I received the award for being on of the associate's of the year at my place of work.
I went on a date with a cute girl.
Recently I received a promotion at my new job and this gave me a sense of accomplishment, joy and happiness.
I won $100 on a scratch-off lottery ticket 
My doctor gave me my A1C report and it was better than last quarter. 2 days feeling good
i applied for college to become a PTA
Cooking a very nice and yummy dinner for my husband and I.
I went on a date with a guy I have liked for a long time.
One even that made me happy in the past 3 months was when I finally received my payment in March for all the work I had done for a gaming company and it was nearly $1,000. 
I was happy when I bought my first card two months ago.
I found the perfect dress on a clearance rack, originally $100 marked down to $13!
I took my dog hiking for the year anniversary of adopting him. This was on April 9 (the anniversary was April 10)
I started watching Shameless.
I hosted a party that went really well.
When my 5-year-old came home from school and she ran into the house to tell me that she was Student of the Week.  She was so excited and I was very happy for her and so proud of her.
I visited a friend who I hadn't seen in many years.
I paid off my credit card fully.
Discovered some new hip hop I really enjoy.
I got an influx of cash so I was able to take easy a bit which relieved a lot of stress for me.
I got to see my nephew, who was mad, but I was able to make smile and laugh at the end of the day. 
My dad and I went to go see Beauty & The Beast in the theaters.
When my uncle came to visit me without notice along with his whole family, it was an exciting day.
Finding out I was not evicted. My fiance and I have been having financial difficulties and my mom was kind enough to send us money to keep us a float for a while. I thought we were going to be homeless and living out of my car for a while. 
A little less that a month ago, I got the dream breed of a dog my wife and I always wanted, a German Shepherd puppy. She is the most intelligent a playful thing ever.
I was given a clean bill of health by my dentist, which made me very happy because I was worried that my teeth might be causing some pain..
I went to our friends' house and played board games and caught up.
I heard some goods news yesterday. I lent some money to someone and I found out that I will get it very soon!
I lost my job that was filled with awful people and so much stress.
Today I got my new sunglasses which I ordered from Amazon. This make me happy.
I reconciled with my father about an argument we had months ago.
The celebration of Easter Sunday made me very happy as our family came together and enjoyed the day!
Believe it or not, I got engaged a month and a half ago and am filled with so much joy.
My husband planned a weekend away without our kids.
I met one of my future roommates and their super cute dog.
I purchased a smart phone for my Mother
I kissed a guy I've been on a few dates with.
A woman talked to my boss to give me praise.
We celebrated my daughter's second birthday on Easter and almost all of my family was able to come. It turned out amazing. 
I went mountain biking with a friend who I seldom get to spend time with anymore, we rode about 15 miles in perfect weather and conditions.
I was surprised with concert tickets from my boyfriend to a concert of one of my favorite bands.
A few months ago we celebrated our greyhound's 13th birthday. He was a rescue after suffering a terrible track accident resulting in the loss of one leg. He was destined to have been put down. But, we rescued him. For the next 10 years he was the leader of our "pack" and an excellent trainer for our new dogs (big and small). Living 13 years is rare for a greyhound. But, we were fortunate. He died last week after a long, wonderful life.
We just paid our mortgage off and are debt free without a car payment or a house payment. 
Celebrating my son and husband's birthday
I was watching the Australian Open tennis tournament and my favorite player made it to the final.
A personal trainer at the gym today told the head of the trainer department that she wants her body to look like mine at her wedding.
The event that's made me happy for the past 3 months is graduation from college in June of this year.
I watched a Brian Wilson concert in Sioux City.
In the last three months, I went to California and got to go to California to visit my friends when it was cold and miserable in my new town.
Being able to spend time with my spouse cooking dinner together and discussing our day. It was nice having time between the two of us and really connect while cooking dinner. 
In the last three months, I had a great happiness knowing that a difficult situation was being solved. He had searched for books, psychologists, religious and could not find any solution. In the end I decided to look for the presence of God and all change, but to the rhythm of his time, then he became the same person as before. In this time I have learned a lot, and I try to be a better person, I have analyzed about what happened and what made me become a happy person again. What really made me a happy person was the encounter with God and renew the faith, that faith never lost, but I had moved away from his presence and it was good to take everything back to feel his help after my cry.
I bought an excellent C.D. by natalie grant called "Love Revolution."
I found out I was pregnant! My husband and I are beyond excited to add to our family! 
I scored an A on an Anatomy test I studied really hard for. 
I set up a trampoline for my daughters all by myself without much help and they jumped on it for hours.  
My sister came to visit me and brought her baby with her.
I was happy to see this particular HIT return.
A good friend of mine brought up memories of a time we spent together many, many years ago. It was a very pleasant memory, but insignificant enough that I figured he had forgotten about it after all these years. 
I was happy when my daughter was accepted into her school's gifted program.
My 20-year-old cat curled up on my lap this evening and went to sleep, after first meowing to get me to come and sit down so she could cuddle.
I went snowboarding and I was able to do run after run in the fresh powder.
Last weekend,I had an wonderful trip with my friends and colleagues and this is my first longest trip too.I was excited so much that two day trip is planned to Goa.More over everyone is allowed to bring their family and friends.I brought my friends and more over they are very much eager in the trip.When planned to go for the trip,I had so many questions.I was afraid whether my friends will be able to get along with my colleagues or not?What if our parents not allow to go?What if it continuously rains in those two days?What if it exceeds my budget?In simple way,the answer is,aAll were finea.Here are some of my random memories in Goa
I got my hair cut a couple of days ago, for the first time in years, at a fancy salon.
Small event but i was pretty happy when i buffed and waxed my car after putting it off for a few days. 
I finally finished my first single. 
I bought a lottery ticket and double my money to $60.
Proposal from my boyfriend to be his life partner.
Going to my college graduation 3 months ago was a huge accomplishment, especially in my family where I am the first person to go to college. Graduating from college made me very happy.
Witnessing my Nephew proposing to his girlfriend was beautiful.
I was so happy to fly to San Diego and see my best friend that I hadn't seen in a long time.
My sister had a baby about six weeks ago. I could not be there for the delivery but was able to go visit when he was about a month old. I loved to hold and spoil him. Babies are a gift from God and I was happy I could participate even just a little bit.
One day i was feeling blue and my girlfriend decided to take me out. She gave me weed and i smoked and we went out to get food also. i felt happy that I had a girl like her. 
On Valentine's day I got a first date with an absolutely beautiful and intelligent woman. We've been together since. I'm crazy about her. We have a great time and we're fantastic as a couple.
I finished building an outdoor bar with some help from raw materials.
While on family vacation, my eldest son woke up extra early to play golf with me.
My boss surprised me with a paid day off from work to reward me for my hard work and also working six days a  week for several weeks straight. 
Spending more time with my family and enjoying our time as my parents are older. 
I won a construction contract after a long and determined struggle.
I moved to my new apartment along with my family.
I got payed
recently one of geologist identify the point for bore well in my land , we started to drill up to 800 feet. we are lucky to say that water is  started from 200 feet,we completed only 300 feet and there is enough water for my land.what ever expenditure we expect even half also not spend for entire drill and other items. entire family is happy.  
Just relaxing and playing online games with friends around the world made me very happy and less alone. 
In the past three months, the event that resulted in making very happy was my purchase of an electric scooter for my daughter and to ride around town! The scooter solved so many issues in our life, the biggest being we were able to get transport that matches our "green" goal.
An event that made me happy was going on a day trip with my family.
I got my puppy last month. The first day I got her, I was so ecstatic. My feelings of happiness from the first moment I saw her have lingered. I still can't believe I have her.
I got drunk and had a heart to heart with one of my best friends.
My daughter turned 5 years old.
I have been at my current job for almost a year now and my supervisor had just did my first performance review. The results and the comments were much better than I expected, I thought she would have a lot of negative comment but instead they are mostly positive. I was happy that my supervisor appreciated my effort.
My significant other is travelling overseas and I found out she had purchased a special line for her cellphone just so she could talk to me. 
I was invited to my grandson's graduation even though I don't get along with the other side of the family.
My husband had to go to South Korea for business last month and he asked me to join him, it took some convincing because it was so last minute but I was really happy he wanted me to join and really happy for such a unique opportunity.
Two months before i went to Online Trading Event and i was very happy to see professional traders and i asked about some tips from them.
I was kayaking on a sunny day, and a dolphin surfaced right beside me.
I was offered a full time job and my college's want to me to stay at the school.
Yesterday I bought 1.5 qt. of chocolate ice cream and ate it. Heaven!
When my son got the 'Scholar Badge' for his academics and received award in the school. 
My annual work evaluation, got high score, biggest increase possible
I quit my job 3 weeks ago.
A little over a week ago I when on my 3rd paid photoshoot with my sister and some friends. Then afterwards I went out to eat at this quiet chinese restaurant with my sister and my dad who I have not seen in a while. He told us stories that I did not even know about him and my mom.
Getting a raise at work. 
Getting home from work after being on a mine site for 4 days and a 3 hour bus journey
My daughter won an essay contest about Cesar Chavez and there was a reception at the Art Museum where she read her work.
Today I successfully drove SUV successfully after I got my drivers license. Very excited and happy !
I started dating the love of my life and had some of the most amazing moments with another person that I've ever experienced
I got a new job working for Americorps.
I got paid to work at a Tosh.0 live show and watch some great comedians!
I won a online lottery worth $30.
Celebrating my sons second birthday with friends and family.
Today I proposed my crush
My best friend and I were having an emotional conversation when he admitted his feelings for me, which I reciprocated. Someone I thought was out of my league is now the love of my life!
I found $20 in the Wal-Mart parking lot.
My job gave me a bonus for completing a marketing event that led to some large clients coming to our firm. 
I got a surprise gift from my small kids last week which I never expected. They are too young and prepared a small gift to make their daddy happy. One of the best moment in my life
I went into a pet store with my best friend and looked at all the cute animals in cages.
The other day, I was on my way to the shopping mall and I had passed by several people with stiff frowning faces, but then I passed a gentleman with a happy grin. I grinned back and he nodded his head nicely still smiling. The smile stayed on my face even after I passed the gentleman.
When I first got in top list of my class. 
Last month Some of the best moments in life.lying in the bed listening to the rain outside thinking about the person you love .Taking a long drive on a calm road.Finding money in your old jeans when u just need it holding my wife han and getting a hug .last month whole family went to picnic, i am very happy and very enjoy that moment. i can't foget that picnic.
Travelling with my girlfriend. I was in  a long distance relationship with my girlfriend and haven't seen her since last two months. We both were going to our native place which is at near distance to each other. I haven't had chance to travel with my girlfriend and was very happy that I traveled with her just like a family. 
MY BIRTHDAY PARTY
I GOT NEW RING AS A GIFT FROM MY SPECIAL ONE
A month back there was a big level entrepreneurship competition and i had worked very hard. The results were announced from the last position and my name wasn't announced i prayed a lot and the first prize announcement was made i jumped with joy knowing i was selected for a fellowship and will be guided for my business. 
My boyfriend visited me during spring break. I haven't seen him in a few months and it made me really happy. 
I always come across these twin cats, and yesterday they both were around  circle around  me until I left. 
Back in March I applied to become a volunteer for the Red Cross; I did not think I would get in, but I did; This made me very happy because I want to give back and help people while also gaining experience in a field I would like to work in.
i feel too many happy moment during 3 months.
1st one i got new job just after my education complete which is most happiest moment that i stand my self.my family feel proud of me. 
I installed my own car stereo which was a project that took me much longer than expected and went way over budget, but eventually I finished and to my amazement it all worked and sounded fantastic!
I received a new work project that will give me an opportunity to earn a good amount of money.
MY BEST FRIEND MARRIAGE 
MY BEST FRIEND MARRIAGE 
I bought my new car and had a great discount on it.
An event that made me happy is when about a month ago my house got painted the color that I have always wanted. It makes me so relaxed when I get home and get to see my house in my favorite color. 
I WENT TO TEMPLE
After two days sitting with the knowledge that me and my children might be evicted, I was able to work with management and negotiate an arrangement to keep us safely in our current home. 
Me and my wife gone to ooty on feb 9,2017,we felt really happy and enjoyed each moment.due to my heavy work loan i couldn't able to spend time with my wife but that three days we spent lot of time together
I was very happy when I saw my son and daughter perform in a school play.
I passed the last exam of my college degree, after 2 months preparing for it.
One of my happiest moments was when my two Soldiers won both the BN NCO Best Warrior Competition and the Junior Enlisted Best Warrior Competition.
I was very happy to hear a sermon about how much God loves me and cares for me. I was edified by the message.
last week my husband presented me a new type of watch. i liked it very much. which makes me happy. 
I was approved for an apartment I applied to lease. 
My daughter has really started come out of her shell lately in terms of how she plays and talks with others.
I received a promotion on my job.
I had a misunderstanding with my mom and wasn't in talking terms with her for few months; loved the moment when we got back to each other.
I got back together with the love of my life.
I bought a new A/C last month so it made me happy
One month  before I had completed a long and hard Survey worth $3.33 successfully in the mturk. The completion code have been submitted. How wonder! It was approved by he requester and I was paid $3.33  This is the highest value which was done by me in the Mturk till now.  I felt very very happy.  
MY BIRTHDAY PARTY CELEBRATE WITH MY FRIENDS
The event which made me happy in past three months would be the business proposal which i received through my friends circle , the reason behind happiness is the proposal or offer which i received gave a good scope for me and exited thing is the tried for the same around three years ago , I was not expecting that any more and it was a surprise to me.   
i have put leave too many days. but my MD forgive me and told to rejoin in same job
When my sister bought me one of the books I have always wanted to read. She gave it to me as a surprise. 
i got job after 4 years, now i am getting good pay
my life time achievement to become the engineer happened in this last 3 months. this makes me soo happy whenever i thought . But even i felt that happy it will be good at finishing my engineering after 1 month. I am waiting for that 1 month about more than 10 years.
The moment i won a lottary ticket, got me happy because i could buy everything that i planned for that month.
MY BEST FRIEND MARRIAGE
MY BEST FRIEND MARRIAGE
In late February, the day I won $1000 dollars through a social media lottery on Facebook was definitely a happy time for me because it's not often that I ever win anything!
I attended Yoda meditation class that make tremendous change in the way I see things in my Life.
I feel peaceful and Happy each and every moment.
I totally forgot what is Anger at all.
completing my exam with good performance
My yoga teacher massaging my face after a particularly difficult yoga class
it was my marriage party.i invited all of my friends and gave me a party to them
it was my marriage party.i invited all of my friends and gave me a party to them
I took a sampler art glass with a friend and made created something I liked.
I'm living in big city, in Istanbul again, it makes me very happy to all those perspective that it gives me.
When I was dragged by my friends to a HOLI party.
I got engaged to the person I've been in relationship with, for the past 9 years, with full support of my parents.
A happy event within the last 3 months that made me happy was celebrating my first year wedding anniversary in the same town we got married in.
I was promoted at work! 
It was the first really warm day of the season, and I spent an hour sitting in the sun and listening to the birds.
I bought a tv for myself.
I was told that my application to Mechanical Turk, which was declined two years ago, was accepted.
Moved to my new 3 bedroom home in Indianapolis Indiana.
I visited my daughter after four years. 
My happiest moment probably had to be when I got into my high school!  It is an arts magnet school, so I had to audition to get in.  It was super nerve-wracking but I did it and it is my home away from home now
My daughter started crawling
I got offered a job with an airline that I really wanted.
I survived almost dying from kidney failure. 
the birth of my dog's puppy
I visited my long distance girlfriend a month ago.
Last week I received an award in the mail at work for being the top performing store in our region in the month of February.
One of the happiest moment, surely. Here is what happened. Me and my grandmother share a very special relationship so when I came home after quite some time she decided to make something special for me. She spent around 3 hrs in the kitchen cooking something and when I woke up it was all ready! I enjoyed the meal. So I decided to return the favor.

I got in touch with my cousin's and planned to bring the two sisters ( my grandmother and her sister ) on a video chat. Both are in their 70as and they don't really talk on phone because they have both have hearing problems.

The plan worked out and when they saw each other a| there was silence around . They kept on smiling looking each others face with tears of happiness sprouting. No words exchanged,just silence and smile . This carried for about 20mins. That moment was special.

wait a second!

tears rolling down my cheek's too. This doesn't happen too often.
i went to vocation to my family.i so very happy to enjoy the moments
What made me happy was spending the night at my best friend's house and spending time with him just talking.  
I prepared a passover seder for 18 of my  my dear friends and relatives.
My parents came from Washington to Montana to visit me for the weekend.
I WENT TO LAST MONTH MY FRIEND'S NEW HOUSE OPENING. IT'S VERY BEAUTIFUL HOUSE.SO THAT DAY SO HAPPY FOR MEAT MY FRIEND.
Two months before i very felt about the life,i think this is very sad life.But one day my boss call me and given a new post also i got huge salary,on that day i really very happy.
My son & daughter-in-law came over to tell me they are having a baby.
I was happy when I started the gym.
on Feb' 20th i bought one individual house in my own name.It is very big happy for me,Because it was my first dream in my life.So it was happened now.So still i am happy.

I spent a day in the city with my daughter. There is a coffee shop near the Guggenheim museum. We spent an hour there having coffee and talking. She's becoming interesting.
My boyfriend and I booked our first big vacation together. 
My boyfriend proposed to me.
I went on vacation to Las Vegas with my sister, mother and son for a week.  We had a great time.
I purchased a new keyboard for my computer. 
My daughter was selected from her school to serve as a page in the State Legislature.  I got to accompany her and watch her work from from the gallery of the Legislature.
When a friend stuck up for me with out me asking.  It felt so special to have someone want to be there for me.  I do not feel this kind of support outside my family often and it was amazing to feel this kind of kindness.
I received a job invitation for a television show that is really big
Today I swam at Patong Beach in Thailand during sunset.
My baby went up two percentile points for her weight.
I was happy when we went to Santa Barbara for the weekend.
The day that I made reservations for vacations after 2 years without doing this.
Finishing a half marathon in Key West with my friends at the finish line.
Passing my physical fitness test last month made me very happy.
I worked at an amusement park at go carts. There was a little boy and his aunt and they really wanted a blue car. Due to the order of the cars, he would not be able to ride in it. The only way was if I pushed several heavy cars around to make the blue one in front. Without hesitation, I did. They were extremely grateful.
I got a job after being unemployed for over a year.
Big event !! I broke up with my boyfriend and I became very happy when I realized I would move back to my hometown. 
When I got my payment after a long time and intense followup; from a client  for a work done and that too when I was down to the last few hundreds.
One of my best friends just had a daughter. 
Photographing my friends' engagement and hearing they loved the results made me very happy.
I received a promotion and major raise at work. 
I went to a Detroit Tigers game for the first time and it was a lot of fun.
There was a bomb threat at my kids school recently. I was absolutely terrified over it. Thankfully everyone made it to safety without incident. I was more than happy to know that my kids followed every direction to ensure that them, and their classmates made it to safety. 
Completed a project at work with a successful outcome.
i had helped a charitable society by contributing some money.
I earned my Doctorate Degree in Seismology from Stanford.
I finally passed a difficult Maths subject after taking it for the second time.
I Basketball team won last week and i put medium bet on it,i'm a huge fan and that made me happy as well as the team loving part also financially. 
I proposed to my girlfriend on April Fools' Day 2017 and she said yes. Now, we're engaged.
The day i met a girl i really liked.
I received a very high score on my chemistry test.

I was able to see my son for a greater amount of time.
The month of January i participate jallikattu protests.by midnight  the crowd had swelled to above 6000 students,filmmakers singers employees all gathered to protest against the ban on jallikattu , the traditional bull-taming sport.i got one opportunity to known my own traditional and learning more.
I found out my daughter has been accepted into Ringling College of Art and Design.
It made me happy to realize that if I ever was down and out, my family would always accept me for who I am.
I got a raise and a promotion in my job!
The day that I moved into my new apartment, finally having a place of my own again.
I hit my goal weight.
I've graduated from my college two weeks back with distinction. i think that would be described as the happiest moment of my life. I could see the tears in my dad's eyes when he hugged me after the ceremony. I believe nothing could top that feeling.
I bought an exercise bike for 10 dollars. I went over and asked for it then payed 10 dollars for it.
Truer words were never spoken, and Lincoln nailed it on this quote on happiness. It's just a matter of making up your mind to be happy, and then from there never look back. Life is like a buffet and there are all sorts of things you can focus on. Some will make you feel good and others will make you feel bad, but the choice is yours as to which ones you want to give your attention to, and where you set your mood. Realizing that you hold the key to your own happiness, and that's it's just a decision away can be a real breakthrough.
An event that made me happy in the past three months was getting to go to the zoo with my roommate. It was my first time going since my childhood and I loved being able to do that with my best friend.
When we finally sold our old House 2 months ago.
Easter with my nephews. They are both old enough to really enjoy the easter egg hunts.
I was very sick for the month of March but my dad took me to the doctor at the end of the month and his generosity in driving me there made me very happy.
festival in temple near by to my college .I was enjoying it with my friends drum beating  and its tune were awesome.
my best friend last month gone to singapore

I bought my dress for college graduation and became excited about the future.
The moment when i got first prize in a seminar competition.It was a university level competition and was very important for me. So I was very happy.
I went to church during Holy Week several times and received Holy Sacraments.  It was very special and made me very happy.  I wasn't able to go as many days last year and it was such a blessing to be able to go.
I got a new kitten.
I was able to work out with out any pain.
We got our tax return back and I was able to pay off my credit card
I was with my friends at my house drinking beers.
My family took a vacation to Florida.
Two weeks ago, I went strawberry picking with my wife in the Texas hill country and this made me very happy!
I got a used car.
I met one of my classmate, after many years. We lose contact after completing our school. It was 2006, I felt  too happy when seen him again.
We were heading out on vacation with some friends. 
My daughter sang "Amazing Grace" at her school talent show and did a beautiful job. I was very proud of her. 
light some candles, soak in a hot bath, delve into a good book... are you feeling better yet
My daughter was nominated for a humanitarian scholarship and was honored at a banquet ceremony.  She was given a scholarship for College and was honored by getting to attend a dinner and have some of her accomplishments shared with the crowd. She then got the microphone and introduced us and went on to say what her favorite community service project was.  I was very pleased and honored about how much she has already done and by the kind things that were said to her. 
My husband isn't the sort of man to coddle or fuss over someone else, and while I love him regardless, it can be a little sad sometimes when I need attentions; a few weeks ago, I had a rough day and he turned up at home a couple of hours early with candy and a cute little stuffed animal.
I was given a bonus at my job for great performance. 
My work team had a celebration marking the end of a large project that we had all been working extended hours on since November of last year.
At the beginning of March I was went home for Spring Break to visit with my family.
There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool.

The biggest event that I can think of that makes me happy are my dogs playing, romping and having a good time just being dogs.
While outside noticing that my rose bush is growing healthly.
Last weekend,I had an wonderful trip with my friends and colleagues and this is my first longest trip too.I was excited so much that two day trip is planned to Goa. More over everyone is allowed to bring their family and friends.I brought my friends and more over they are very much eager in the trip.When planned to go for the trip
Yesterday I called to book my trip to Riviera Maya Mexico. This will be my second trip there, and I got a wonderful deal!
A couple months ago I taught my puppy how to play dead
Getting a job at a bank. About two months ago, I finally got an accounting job at a bank here in Utah. It was the first time I got a job in accounting. 
Considering that I have an accounting college degree and this job paid very decent salary and good benefits, I was very excited and happy when I started working there. 
After long time  i go to my native and spent more time with my grandmother and riding with my friends.
After long time i go my native spent more time with my grandmother and riding with my friends.
I enjoyed spending time with my family on Easter and seeing my dogs. 
After being homeless for 2 months with our children, my fiance and I finally secured a new home for our family. 
An event that made me happy was when I had dinner & drinks with my father & sister at a Mexican restaurant. 
I finished my finals this week and now I can relax for the summer. I did well in all of my classes.
Yesterday evening, me & my husband went out for a cute & short romantic trip. We stayed in a 7 Star Hotel in a VIP Suit room & we enjoyed our trip a lot & lot.
I adopted a new cat.
I had the day off so that I could watch my oldest while my wife had a teacher work day, and I spent the day with her hanging out, playing a card game, and talking.
I had dinner with a dear friend that lives 200 miles away.
Watching FANTASMIC at Disney World for the first time.
One aspect of my life that I am most grateful for is that my mom is still alive and well. There are so many people who have lost a parent, and I try my best to not take my mom for granted. I realize as I grow older, so does my mom. I couldnat imagine my life without her and am extremely grateful that she is healthy for her age.
One event that made me happy was when I went on a bike ride with my mom and sister. The weather hadn't been nice so I hadn't been able to get out much with them in a while. It was a nice day so I enjoyed that, and I enjoyed being able to get out with them and spend time with them.
When I turned in all my homework assignments in time. 
In the past three months I finished college and earned by bachelor degree in psychology. This made me extremely happy because I felt I had accomplished something big. 
My 6 month granddaughter ran to me and let me put her on my lap for the first time!
I got the job at a place that I was looking forward to getting for months. I went through several interviews, and managed to come out on top and got accepted. 
I was able to go camping with my girlfriend.
Winning a bet on a basketball game. 
I went on a date with my ex girlfriend after 5 years and it was amazing
Completed my IRS income tax forms including a couple for business and self employment.
I went to the doctor to my followup and I got the goal to drop 10 pound and my blood pressure drop too, that make really happy because I did a lot of things to try to change my habits.
I hosted family Easter celebrations at my new home.
I was happy to get my first job interview. 
We had a cookout last weekend and my family attend. There was good food and nice weather.
My recently I acquired Acer Laptop, bought with hard work.
While talking on the phone taking care of some personal business, my dog sits in front of me watching and listening to every word I say. I spoke the words, Alright! to the person I was talking to on the phone, and my dog started barking and going nuts! I had to Laugh Out Loud, he is so smart and so funny and listens to every word I say and knows many words and their meanings as well, he is just like a child, he only has fur!
I was happy driving along the california coast with my husband.
I found the most perfect dog at the animal shelter.
Volunteering with several friends for a local children's charity that helps build playgrounds for children in underserved communities.
I received an unexpected gift from a friend
I am happy today because it is 10 years ago that my wife and I were married.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when I won $100.00 on a $2.00 scratch ticket.
A happy moment for me happened in the last month  when I discovered that my brother was cured and that he would no longer have to remedy it.
I got my car fixed!
Getting dinner with my girlfriend last night.
I finally saved up enough money to purchase a new vehicle.
i won the lottery a few months back and it made me very very happy.
I found that I was able to take on a more enjoyable job and still cover my expenses.
I found an all you can eat sushi bar that also had a liquor license. It was the fullest and drunkest I have ever been in my life
One morning i woke up feeling ill, as soon i got out of bed my boyfriend showed up at my door with medicine, breakfast and a stupid grin on his face. It made me feel a lot happier in that moment
I was able to stop taking chemo pills for two weeks.  I was so happy because I felt great! Nothing hurt and I was able to have fun!
I adopted a new puppy. 
An event that made me happy was when someone I had assisted at work brought a basket of gifts to my office. 
Found someone to share special moments and love.
Going to a hockey game.
My disabled adult son, who is non-verbal, figured out how to use the "no" and "yes" cards to communicate with me.
today complete my long time project in my office our team members are very happy
I debated a friend that said he was more intellectual than me and won the debate. It felt good.
My girlfriend and I went to a second hand store together where we found a toy we'd both remembered from our past.
Last week I went to the beach with the guy I'm talking to. We went down to Tybee Island in Georgia and layed on the beach all day. I had never been to the beach with anyone other than my family so it was a new experience to me.
I was very happy when I got a job offer.
Last week i bought Air Cooler, now i have been able to sleep well since i bought it due to this summer.
I was watching my youngest child (18 months) having fun playing on the playground. When she was playing, she said fun with a big smile and it made me happy.
Well a day that really made me happy this month has to be when i was accepted into my hvac class at the college this made me really happy.
One event that made me happy was when I gave my mother her birthday present. She loved it so much she started to cry. I felt overwhelmingly happy and pleased with my self that day.
My husband planned an overnight date for us and surprised me with the plans.
Watching my youngest son climb boulders at a climbing gym with confidence and personal success
I was able to spend a whole Saturday recuperating and making time for myself.
I was given an unexpected gift from a friend, which reminded me of my home country. 
When i got my new job, was a great day 1 month ago i felt happy more than 1 day, because i was unemployed for more tha 1 year.
I watch an online streamer after I come home from work most nights. Tonight I came home from a particularly stressful day to find the streamer wearing a penguin onesie while he played games. The idea of him wearing a onesie is often an in-joke of our community, but this is the first time he's actually done it. The sight immediately brightened my day. 
An event that made me happy was two weeks ago when I had 3 slices of my favorite pizza.
Discovering that we are having a BOY
I bought a new car to replace the one that is over a decade old.  
The day of my licensure exam would count as a happy event, since i put some effort to it, i dunno what the results would be but im hapy that it did the best i could do.
I received a certificate from a computer school. I was very happy because it will help me with my job promotion.
Last week I paid off a credit card.
The night of the Cubs raising their World Series Champions Pennant at the first home game of the season at Wrigley Field.
My niece was born on March 2nd.
I visited a temple with my family one week back it made me happy.
Last month, I went for a picnic to botanical garden which was in hill station. I was going with my parents and family friends, it makes me very pleasure and gives happiness to every body. We are enjoying with music, dance, food etc., i am dancing with my cousin sister for a melody song, every one give wishes to us for a wonderful dance moment, that makes me very happy.
I was extremely happy to be released from the hospital about a month ago after surgery and a week's stay for appendicitis and diverticulitis, fuck being hooked up to Mr Drippy for whole week.   
When my 11 years old son texted me a message and said I love you. I don't live with him and see him once a week. I replied the same to him. 
MY BABY CRIED ON FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL SO I FEEL VERY HARD TO SEND HIM AND I START CRYING WITH MY BABY. WHEN I CRY, LOOKING ME MY BABY STOP CRYING AND TOLD ME MOM YOU DON'T CRY I GO TO SCHOOL. IF YOU CRY I CAN'T ACCEPT IT, IT HURTS ME SO HE LAUGH AND GO TO SCHOOL. THAT WAS HAPPIEST MOMENT IN MY LIFE STILL REMEMBER AND HAPPY.
I was so happy when I pass my degree examination.
My entire family met in Palm Springs for my father's 80th birthday
I have completed my project
When I was informed that my youngest son was selected to interview at a job he has hoped for most of his life.
On my daughter's first birthday party, we had a small family get together with homemade snacks and cupcakes and a cute curious george theme.
I was in very happy mindset at least past two months, because i got a promotion as a Manager in my company. I was celebrating that moment with my colleagues and family friends. That was one of my best moment i my life and makes me happiness for ever.
My friend Noah and I gathered ourselves early one morning and drove to San Diego to see a musical artist that we both had admired for years and years live in concert. 
MY SISTER'S MARRIAGE 
The day my son rolled over for the first time made me happy. He was born prematurely and as a result is behind on hitting his milestones. I was happy to see him accomplish that one!
One week ago I move out of the home I shared with my abusive ex and got a new start moving into a new place that he will never live in with me.
ENJOY WITH MY FAMILY
my sister was a government job so very happy
going to college 
I went to Cuba for the very first time and I went to this place called La Bodeguita del Medio and I felt in place. I felt like I was home. Very comfortable and in my motherland. 
I saw my favorite band preform live.
I took a vacation to SF
i am very Happy about the event with my spouse together to play and entering the hurdles to got winner prize.
I have been married a month now as of two days ago, it was definitely one of the happiest days I've had in the past few months.
I was happy when my mom had a successful heart surgery.
We went for for a 3 days trip to a hill station which was one of the best moment happened in last 3 months. We enjoyed the trip a lot and it was with lot of fun. 
The day I found out that my husband and I are pregnant with our third child.
I had a weekend travel to visit my grandparents last month. It was an emotional and happy get-together after a long time.
I received a lot of mail from my penpals when I said I was going through a tough time.
I went on a road trip to Yosemite National Park, along the way I visited a lot of interesting and beautiful places which made me happy.
I completed the woodworking project I had been working on for a while, a cool thermometer, and it turned out great.
My son landing his first job ever, last month.
On a really clear night, my girlfriend and I went to a secluded area to look at the constellations in the night sky.
Giving my GF her birthday gift
My son's performance in class and the way his teacher described it made me happy.
Recently I received a pay increase at work which I am delighted with.
I always wanted to by a bike. In my college days I was using my friends bikes. From that time onwards I was dreaming my my bike. I was saving money to buy bike and last month I bought the bike. I was on top of the world. I felt very exited. Till now I am exited.
Last month as it is end of our academic year in our company,there was a hike in salary announced which was really unexpected form the side of employees. It made me happy and I felt accomplished.
The first time I kissed my new girlfriend made me so incredibly happy. 
My partner and I went to a korean bbq place for his first time ever. 
I bought tickets to go home after 9 months abroad. 
My friend Tina's marriage was restored just as God had told me in a prophecy through a ministry in the United States. God had asked me to minister to her about the divorce she was planning against her husband.
When I imported a new Unnecto cell phone from US which is through the gift card money accumulated in my account while dong work as Amazon Mechanical Turker. 
The day I received my Samsung phone for my birthday.
My success in education made me happy in the last month.
I had a dream two nights ago that was so lovely, I woke up smiling, smiled every time I thought about it the following day, and am smiling now as I write about it.
When I managed to bake bread with yeast for the first time
Completed programming project that was motivating to learn new subject
After dieting and exercising for the past six months, I was so happy when I finally went down one dress size. 
My daughter got home from school and came into my room to find me. She just wanted to give me a hug without speaking.  It made me really happy. 
I was able to take my daughter on a vacation for her tenth birthday at the beginning of this month.
I received an award at work for being a top-rated teacher on campus.
i went place where completely with  green plants and with nature beauty surrounding make me to feel very happy.
I was invited to a huge brunch in the grand ballroom of a nice hotel and I took my daughter who has a difficult life.
We went to the park as a family and had a picnic, the first picnic for our two young children (both under 3).
We got to see Brian Wilson perform live in concert.
When my nerve regenerated and my bicep muscle started working again.
One of the kids I work with was really cute last week. There was an event at his school that required a fee to attend, and he really wanted to go. So he told me that his mom "had a lot of money. Over 100 money."
After saving, searching and researching for a few awhile, purchasing my first car made me really happy.
I get a new plot of land. I was given a plot of land by a village head started building a private nursery School on the land , then after two months someone appears saying that the land is belong to the former head of state and they went and knock down my building then after three I regain the land back again which make me very happy because the head of state was kick out of the country and the land is now mine 
I felt happy when I found out I was accepted into college 
Just a week a ago, i was contacted by a hiring manger for an interview for a promotional position that i had submitted for more than a month ago. When i received the phone call, a flood of emotions came surging thorough my entire body. Was very excited to say the least.
its our brother Rahul's marriage celebration going on and we whole family and friends really enjoying
My 4 year old son was given several recognition during his graduation last month and I can definitely say that I'm a one proud happy mom forever!
One even that made me happy was when I went to work and found out that I was receiving a raise.
I was accepted into an academic program that I applied to. 
I'm a college student at CWU in Ellensburg, WA. I just transferred starting back in January of this year. I got selected to be a part of the Library Advisory Council as a Student Representative. An event that I volunteered a few weeks ago. It was a fancy, black tie gala in the college library. I dressed up professionally, and got to meet with a lot of professors, alumni, and important people that helped contribute to the Library Gala and the Silent Auction. After the event was over, I got to eat some of the fancy food that was left over and earned respect from my Library Council Advisor. It was a wonderful feeling to help out. In the future, I'd like to volunteer in other places on campus.
The Edmonton Oilers made the playoffs for the first time in 11 years.
My best friend came to visit me for my birthday and we had a fun day together.
I went to my first drive in movie theatre.
I went out for a position at my job that I was not qualified for. I tried hard and I impressed the boss from that department and got the position
Having the chance to take an important exam at work towards a possible promotion and passing it
My husband got a large raise from his work and I found out when he called me.
I brought my house with a porch in it.It was an awesome experience that made me feel so good and enthusiastic.
I received and extra big bonus doing my mechanical turks.
Getting a book I'd had my eye on. I'd wanted it for ages. I'm a big fan of the Hannibal tv show, and I was finally able to purchase a book detailing how the show is made.
A new friend asked me to go to dinner with her when she broke up with her boyfriend, which made me happy (while sad for her) because it means she feels close enough to confide in me/ask for support.
Finding a person that I could share my sexual appetite with.
i love with one girl from past 45 days
I attained my cousin brothers marriage ceremony at my hometown.
My son added me to his channels that he gets with a cable company, and I can download channels and watch them on my roku for nothing!  I love tv, and am a huge fan, and with time on my hands I get a great deal of enjoyment being able to watch programs that I couldn't access with having just an antenna.
I have a newborn baby and she recently started turning and making some sounds which makes me happy.
Two days ago I ran 5.26 miles. This made me really happy. This may not sound like a big achievement, but in December, I tore my hip flexor muscle. I did not pull it, I tore it. I could barely walk. I had no idea it would take 5 months to heal. I FINALLY feel like I can get back in my groove of running and that makes me truly happy.
My 4 year old niece came over to my house with her family, and asked me to go upstairs with her so we could "talk".
My family came to visit me from very far away.
I found out at the end of March that I'm pregnant with my third child.
My sister offered to let me stay in here new 4 bedroom house in atlanta rent free until I could find another job. She was also willing to give me her husband's car, instead of them selling it
My girlfriend's daughter got a large bonus from her employer in recognition of her contribution to the company.
Something that made me incredibly happy today was an friend messaging me online and offering to sponsor a trip to Florida for me. Not only is the timing amazing since the trip is right after the semester ends, but I also am going to be hanging out with very cool people. 
I made my kids a place to lay on the floor to stay up late and watch movies. There response was telling me how great of a dad I am. This made we very happy.
We took a trip to Chicago for my son's christening and I was happy to have a vacation.
An event that made me happy recently was arriving home from work and having all 3 of my boys run to the door and hug me.  
We went on a family camping trip to Tybee Island Georgia.
My childhood friend visited, we drank some beers and went hiking in the woods.  
My mother booked me and her a trip to the beach.
In the midst of sever anxiety attacks, my husband held me as I told him everything about my mental problems and tried to talk me through it and let me know that living how I was was okay if it made me happier to stay home than deal with extreme stresses. I felt like I finally had someone really see first hand how hard it is going on inside my head and that someone really loved me and not out of obligation. I felt loved and protected.
The day that made my happy in the last 3 months is when I applied to a grad school program that I had been considering for years.  I had a dream in my heart and I finally made the first step toward applying.
Getting a large bonus at work this week made me happy.
I was able to binge watch a favorite television show with no interruptions. 
I got a job teaching a subject of my interest.
I spent last weekend at the beach with my husband and was complimented on my new bathing suit by a complete stranger.
I found out that two friends of mine, who had struggled with conceiving, are expecting their first baby.
when my daughter learned her sight words.
i went to a concert, the band playing i have loved for years.
Yesterday, I had a presentation in school, and I was very nervous--afterward, people gave me positive feedback that my presentation-style was sweet and nice, and that I did a really good job.
My car servicing was completed quickly.
Yesterday I ate a pizza from my favorite restaurant, after over a month without tasting it.
Last week I got to spend and entire week with my husband on a cruise to the Cayman Islands.
This morning my friend and I drove to Portland to join 1,000 people for the Science March.
I taught my nephew to play a song on the guitar and he was very happy.
I felt happy spending time with all my friends and partying with them as one of our friend got married to the girl he loved for 5 years.
Watching my son learning how to create a game in roblox a game editor, seeing the look of wonder in his eyes about being able to do whatever he wanted in that world.
My husband bought me a great quality Sony headphones.
I got to see my Nana and Papa that are like my parents. I live pretty far away and I don't see them often. They are the perfect couple and I strive to be like them. They are so loving and caring. I was beyond excited when I got to see them for an entire month. They pushed me to my dreams of nursing school and I took it because I want to make them proud. They tell me all the time how proud of me they are and how I could have ended up like my real parents but I succeeded. I try my best to continue to make them happy because they are my favorite people in the universe. 
The cat I fostered started purring for the first time after weeks of being scared of me.
I flew out to California for a long weekend to visit my best friend and meet her newborn baby!
Two weeks ago, I made my final payment for my upcoming cruise vacation to the Bahamas. 
My fiancA(c) proposed to me in front of my family in the beginning of March.
I discovered that my uncle's cancer treatments have been successful and he's feeling a lot better now.
My girlfriends birthday. we got to spend time together and had a really great time 
The day that I graduated from career school and received my certificate of completion.
I socialized successfully with family.
My granddaughter was accepted into a specialized charter school.
When my daughter turned 4, we had her first real birthday party, with friends, cake & presents.
The Sun Shining outside.
Attending the grand opening for my brother's apparel store made me incredibly happy.
My husband finally got a good job.
I replayed my favourite videogame over the last couple of days and it instantly lifted my mood the moment the intro began.
I bought a new phone (iPhone 7).
AN event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when I received a job offer to teach within the School District of Philadelphia. This was a great experience for me because I had just graduated from college and I was hoping to find a job right away and I did.
I went to a baseball game supporting my favorite team and they won. Not a big score but I was with a cheering crowd and I felt so much love and support and part of something really big. I was so happy to be here and take part of this.
When my daughter brought home a puppy.
Two months ago my niece was born a few weeks early and thankfully there were no health issues.
My husband took me on a date. We walked the town trail and talked. Then we went to a new restaurant.
One event that made me happy in the past 3 months was the fact I moved from a more expensive city, to a more comfortable, affordable home.
MY DAUGHTER PASSING THE EXAMS
Finally, after months of losing, I won a drawing at a local bar for two free beers a day for the month.
My friend sent me a video of her dog meeting its doppelganger at the groomers and it was super cute.
I moved into my girlfriend's house in March.
I went to Maryland with my kids to visit my family.
My boyfriend remember me and bought me flowers
I was promoted a better position within my company.
A cat at the Cat Cafe climbed into my lap and stayed there for a while. 
Getting approved for disability and receiving my retro-check made me happy because I was able to finally move on with my life.
I took a day off and just hung out by the pool.
I got to see my mother for the first time in over 4 months and this made me feel extremely happy.
I felt happy when I was watching "American Graffiti" with my mother.
I recently went to the casino with friends and won five hundred dollars.
its my birth day enjoyed a lot everyone treated me as like a child my best given me a surprise gift
3 weeks ago, I gave birth to my beautiful baby boy!
I received a rebate from a retailer and a coupon worth 20% on any new purchase.
I had my annual review and while there were some things to work on yet it was nice to get it over and get a raise. 
My mother came over with my sister and her friend and we spent the night playing with my two little boys and we talked about everything that has been going on in our lives.  
I met a girl that I really like
After spending several months grieving the loss of my beloved cat, my mother surprised me by adopting two cats for me, including one that I had bonded with during my time volunteering for a cat shelter.
I was very happy when my son secured A1 in all subjects.
My husband and I found jobs with a good temp agency.
Playing board games with my son, and seeing his face light up when he was able to out smart me.
last month i spend my time travelling to three famous temples which made me  happy
I went to a store I've never been before, Runnings. I was there with my girlfriend and we were walking through the isles just looking at what they had to offer. She was interested in the horse stuff and I was just looking around. Well, Runnings has a pet bunny in the store that sits in the middle of an isle with a cage for it to run around in. The bunny was afraid of us as first, but after we sat there talking to it a few minutes, it eventually came over and pushed its head out of the cage and let us pet it. When we were walking away it followed us to the best of its ability and laid down horizontal to it's cage so we could pet it some more. It was a small event but it made me really happy.
I was cast in a musical and given a role in it, which made me feel good about myself as an actor.
Last friday my girlfriend surprised me with dinner at home. I was very happy because she made my favorite dish.
I finished my second full marathon with my oldest son finishing at my side.
My boyfriend and I took my almost 2 year old son to the zoo for the first time
Got a raise
I answered the door today and it was the owner of business where I had signed up for a contest and I had won $250.00.  Yay!!
Walking on the beach, barefoot, on a particularly warm February afternoon, and getting my feet wet. I just moved to a coastal area and I didn't have to do any kind of work or have any worry that day besides putting on sunscreen.
I saw an old friend who I hadn't seen in a very long time, and we had so much fun together as if no time had passed since the last time I saw her.
I finally got to turn in after stressful day and listen to music in bed at night.
Whe I got a puppy
i got a new phone as a gift from my dad
i love to enjoy with drive my new car. its make  more happy.
I was approved for a loan with a decent interest rate that allowed me to purchase a new car.
I went out to dinner with my Dad
I received a promotion at work after working hard for years & seeing others advance over me.
I attended a coworkers wedding last month. It was in South Jersey, an hour from home. It was great spending the weekend with coworkers in a casual environment.
my boss announced hike in my salary and praised for my performance
My best happy moment in last 3 months is the one when I had first time sex with my girlfriend, if was a nice pleasure experience which cannot be explained.
I received a free book, in the mail, and I am really enjoying it.
I was very happy when I found some money in my pocket.
I brought my new computer
I was happy when I got to go to a horse show with my teammates and they gave me a picture frame they all signed.

IELTS Sample Questions

    Reading Sample
        Academic Reading
        GT Reading
    Writing Sample
        Academic Writing Task 1
        GT Writing Task 1
        Writing Task 2
    Listening Sample
    Speaking Sample
    Cue Card Sample

IELTS Preparation

    Reading Preparation
        Academic Reading
        GT Reading
    Writing Preparation
        Academic Writing
            Writing Task 1
            Writing Task 2
        GT Writing
    Listening Preparation
    Speaking Preparation
        Find a Speaking Partner
    IELTS Mock Test

    Sponsored links

IELTS Cue Card Sample 12 - A happy event of your life

    Last Updated: Thursday, 06 October 2016 04:30 
    Written by IELTS Mentor 
    Hits: 38871 

IELTS Speaking Part 2: IELTS Cue Card/ Candidate Task Card.
Describe a happy event of your life.

You should say:

    what it was
    when it happened
    where it happened

and explain why it was a happy event.


Follow-up Questions:
aC/ What do you think is important in achieving happiness?
aC/ How do you celebrate some happy events?
aC/ What do the camera and video play in celebrating?

Possible Answer 1:
I can remember many happy events of my life and out of those, I would like to talk about the event that I can still remember vividly regarding my success in the board exam. The moment I heard that I had been awarded a scholarship based on my performance in the board exam, I became the happiest man in the world. This was indeed a very happy moment for me as it is something I was looking forward to achieving and the news made my parents quite happy and proud.

I spent almost a month with great anxiety regarding my result publication. I started speculating so many things and many of them were negative. I could hardly keep away the tensions about my upcoming result. The result was so important that my college admission would mostly depend on it. I could not sleep well in the night before the result publishing. I think this is a common anxiety for students and I was familiar with this type of anxiety. However, this particular exam results game me more nightmares than any other time of my life. 
Last week, in the morning i woke up to a beautiful sunny day, after several days of rain and gloom.

A man came to see me after a few weeks of negotiation and paid me for the three car titles of the vehicles.
I was finally able to move into my new apartment. 
A couple weekends ago my sister picked me up on a really nice Sunday and we took our dogs to the dog park. There were a ton of other dogs there and I loved watching them all play and run around together.
Last March 31, Saturday, when my boyfriend celebrated his 29th birthday. I was very happy that day because I was able to make him happy with my surprise.
When I learned that my PhD proposal was accepted.
My husband and I went to dinner at a local, small town restaurant. There was live music that night and we stayed for quite awhile and enjoyed the music and each other's company. It was the first time we'd gone out together in awhile and it was just a really nice way to spend an evening. The conversation was nice, the food was good, and we both enjoyed the music (the musician did covers of older songs, but in a modern folksy style). It was great.
I recently had a friend inform me that the city owed me money and the check came in the mail about a week ago at a financial drought. 
I won a gaming tournament. 
I worked and helped my wife pay bills but saved my spending money to buy a used car, i finally got it paid off 2 weeks ago i am so happy
I found a pair of designer earrings I'd been wanting for years on extreme clearance for only a fraction of the original cost last week.
On November 28th 2016 I gave birth to my first child. I wanted to take off 12 weeks of work but I wasn't Eligible for FMLA. When I asked my job for the 12 weeks off they said that since I was protected by FMLA I could loose my job. Once my 12 weeks were up I received a phone call that they wanted me to start the end of February. It turned out a co-worker of mine had quit and they really needed me back.
I was surprised by a friend whom had previously left the country and I wasn't sure I'd see again
My son left me a note on my bed the other day which included a drawing of us at the park and a short message to tell me how much he loved me. It was just an ordinary day and unexpected which was very sweet in my opinion. 
I was able to successfully complete an organic chemistry class by finishing a difficult final exam.
A few weeks ago, I called my sister for the first time in a long time. We talked for an hour. It was a great visit. Once again I was reminded that no matter how long it's been, when we talk again it's like we've never been apart. That love and connection is always there.
The day myself and my wife has given birth to a girl baby. i would like babies very much and also that too a girl baby i would like most because i love her smile
The day I got my new car because it was the first new car I have ever owned in my life. 
Last week, I was offered a job making 16000 more than I currently make.
i recently adopted a pitbull puppy who partially blind after a year after my dog pass away . This one of those best moments in my life where i felt i could never be more happy than this ,
the first happiest moment in my life which i wanna express is:
my parents were having their marriage anniversary  i know you would say that what is so special in it ever year it arrives but this time it was a really very special one for me because they were having their silver jubilee and i was suppose to reach the event as soon as i can and i was busy studying but when i reached i saw asking a person to my dad that who is most precious to you in your whole life he didn't even took  single second and went on the stage and told every feeling of his heart towards me and he told that he is the luckiest person that he got me and it was really heart affecting i still repeat those dialogues of my dad in my mind.
This was when i accidentally noticed a posture that helps me in my meditation.
When I met my husband after 8 months!
I got an invitation to apply for Australian visa 2 months back.
The drainage system for the kitchen opened up saving me from additional labor intensive repair.
I had a nice Birthday dinner with my mother that was really lovely.
It was happened when I was in middle school. It was a beautiful sunny day. I used to go to school at 8 and my school started at 8:30. When school started we learned our lessons. The break time was 10:00. So at the break time we ate our lunch in our class. That day my lunch was very delicious, so I ate very fast. After having lunch I went to the cafeteria as usual with my friends. Our school cafeteria was vey popular and its was famous for it coffee. Just across from the cafeteria the smell of coffee made us want to drink.

As we were close friends, we enjoyed making jokes together. We always teased each other while we are in the way. We all were 5 together; Ye Nandi is tall and slim girl, Aye Myat Khine is very small girl like a Thumbelina, Sett Lett Kg is a beautiful girl, May Chen is a cute girl, and I. On that day May Chen teased me all that way to the cafeteria. She still teasing me when we got to the cafeteria. When we got there we bought some snacks and drinks for us and looked around the cafeteria. We chatted with the other friends also. At that time the thing I had never expected to me. That was my friend, May Chen, teased me again and unfortunately my Longyi fall down. Longyi is our traditional skirt. The cloth is often sewn into a cylindrical shape. It is worn around the waist, running to the feet. It is held in place by folding fabric over, without a knot. It is also sometimes folded up to the knee for comfort. Similar garments are found in India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, the Malay Archipelago, and Juiz de Fora. Everyone was looking at me and laughing at me. At that time I donat know what I have to do. My face was red like a tomato because of my shyness. So I picked up my Longyi and dressed up my self and run straight to the class and cried a lot.
It was on my post-grad result,I was waiting for that day since a week, I did my best for the exam still i was nervous for the big day, On the main day, when i check result online, I was screaming all alone in the room, Finally after all the sacrifice, burn midnight oil and hard work reap the fruit. Immediately call my family members and together we planned a small party evening. 
Save money for a new grill for parties or a new DVD for family movie night -- something that will encourage you to have people over and entertain. Plan a summer barbeque, invite your closest friends, kick back and relax. (And don't forget to print out the pictures to remember the good times.) 
A few weeks ago I graduated from a local trade school, earning a certificate stating that I am a qualified electrician.
I was informed by my boss that I got a raise.
I was able to make my motorcycle run again.
The day my niece born, because I wish for a girl since my sister got pregnant and my wish comes true on that day.
My 11 year old daughter won the student of the month achievement in her school.
I golf each weekday.  I have never had an eagle.  I got one last week.  It was a terrific feeling to achieve an eagle and it really helped me score a great round.
Yesterday, I was happy celebrating my son's 5th birthday with him and family.
The day i got a promotion and a new job offer 
I have been working hard to repair my credit so I could purchase new furniture for my house, and I finally got a break and purchased new bedrooms sets for myself and children.
My cousin gave birth to a healthy baby girl.
The day that I went to the doctor and she told me I was having a boy.
I spent Easter weekend at my parents' house, which is my childhood home, and got to spend lots of good quality time with my parents and dogs.
I got to see the space shuttle Atlantis up close and personal at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida.
What made me happy was going to the local Saint Patricksa Day parade with family and watching my little brother walk in the parade all dressed up.  
I got some nice, new, expensive pillows for my sofa. 
I quit my job.
I sold a Disney dollar on EBay for $100. This is much higher than I anticipated and I really needed the money.
Spend a day with my family by going to Disney land. 
MY DAUGHTER IN LAW SAID SHE WAS PREGNANT
I opened my Axis bank account to do recharge for my mom. Usually, my account balance will never ever exceed Rs. 20,000. As soon as the salary comes, 75% of it disappears like a soap bubble. This month I was supposed to save money and my account balance was
I was able to lease a new truck after 11 years of driving the same one.  After money issues, that seemed like it would never happen, so it was a great day when it did! 
I just got promoted and so that made me very happy ! I worked so hard for it and finally I got it! It was very exciting. 
One of the happiest moments in the past 3 months was when my friend got a baby girl. They were longing for a baby girl.
Going to Disney World with my family. 
My husband felt our baby kick for the first time yesterday. 
I quit my job at a public accounting firm and found a new job in corporate with a great boss and coworkers.
the best day is my kid birthday. that day i and my family enjoy a lot. we will keep cake , chocolates, decoration and food to all our family and friends.
I received insurance approval to get a spinal cord stimulator permanently implanted into my spine. 
I finally got a job that I love and that I am exceptionally good at.
I was there when my niece took her first steps, about two months ago. I got to held her hand as she was learning to walk.
My boyfriend brought me and my children an easter basket.
I renegotiated the my mortgage loan. 
I had a student under my supervision defend her thesis. 
i met my boyfriends family
I got to babysit my nephew and we went to the park.
I was working on a long and arduous project at work and became so immersed in it that I finished a lot sooner than normal, and my boss recognized my improvement and gave me a raise the next day. 
There was a magic show arrangement for the children and magician was arranging his things. In the waiting area, I saw children watching where I was sitting. Then they called me inside with the other people I was sitting with. When I was with them, they started to ask so many questions that where I was from and why I was visiting them when I didn't know them? Their questions struck my mind.
i was happy participating in the New Play Festival for the first time in several years.
I healed from a debilitating skin disease.
A few weeks ago we had a gathering of my best friends.  There were about 30 of use including the spouses.  Since we had planned this event in advance several of the crew were able to be here from out of town which made it even more special.
The moment when I got the news of my selection for a government grant at a business incubator which will help me sustain myself for the next 1 year and work on my idea. 
I bought soylent and it was delivered
One even that made me happy was when I finally gathered up enough nerves to quick my unfulfilling job as a telemarketer.  It was so boring.
getting on the scale and seeing that i had not only reacted my weight for the month but surpassed it by a lot and 
Celebrating Easter holiday. It is my favorite holiday. Although as a Christian, we are to celebrate our blessed hope that Jesus is alive daily and not just on one day in the year. Hope is alive!
I got hired to work at a water park after looking for a job for months.
Seeing my daughters smiling faces as they rode rides at a carnival this weekend made me very happy.
MY HUSBAND TOOK THE KIDS AND ME TO CHUY'S (A TEX-MEX RESTAURANT) FOR DINNER.
I left a job that made me unhappy, and had a solid week away from work before starting at my new job.
When my dog, who we thought was seriously ill and close to death, started gaining weight and acting energetic again!
We took a family vacation over Easter with my mother to Gulf Shores, Alabama to the beach where we stayed for 6 days.
When I went to Disney World with my family, it made me very happy.
An event that made me happy was when my mom finally understood me. When had been having some differences lately some of these differences were straining our relationship. So when we finally got to the point that my mom understood my point of view I felt happy.
Friends come over to watch Wrestlemania.
Your body gets an intervention when you fast. Your mind and relationships could use one too. Unplug yourself from the matrix.
If you haven't caught on already, human beings are highly addictive creatures.We love our coffee, sugar, and internet. And these things are all great. But our lives can be far more enhanced by using these tools in wisdom.
The purpose of the internet fast is to reconnect to yourself and your loved ones. So, you probably shouldn't do it the same day you do your food fast. Because eating is one of the strongest ways to form bonds.
You'll be blown away by how much more connected you feel to your loved ones when you can give them your undivided attention. It may even feel 
I had sex with someone I was waiting to have sex with for a long time.
Return to playing football after having had a serious injury that lasted six months to recover.
About one month ago, I was sitting in the car with my girlfriend and she agreed to marry me. 
I was really happy to meet my wife's friend's boyfriend, who also shares a great love of movies.
Last night I watched an episode of "The Waltons" with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed 
I have a start-up Sugar Free blog that felt nearly impossible to keep up during the holidays and I just got a message from a follower saying "I am so encouraged by your account, I just found out I have to go completely sugar free, and I had no idea I could still eat so many amazing foods!".
An event that made me happy was going out on a boat with my parents in Florida.
I was informed that I will be graduating from college in May.
My friend got married last Friday and at the rehearsal dinner he gave me a picture of all of the memories we had together for being his groomsman and it made me very happy to know that he remembered all of these things and took the take to make the picture for me.   
I was able to retire after working at the same place for 42 years.
During flagging for the March for Science event in my small town of 55,000, I got to watch a steady stream of marchers for 25 minutes...close to 4000 people!
Finally moving into the same apartment with my girlfriend.
Going to a family and friends with my family at church I  enjoying being with my four sister at the event
A friend of mine who could not have children applied to adopt a child.  She called me about a month ago to tell me that she was notified by the adoption agency that they have a little girl for her.  I was so happy for my friend because she really wanted children and has been trying for years.
The Oakland A's won on Opening Night.
I watched Through the Looking Glass last night, and I didn't particularly care for the movie, but I dang near cried at the end, it made me so happy, because they ended with these words:Dedicated to Our Friend Alan Rickman.My boyfriend made me soup, his own improvised recipe.
I made me happy when I saw my son praying he has made a close relationship with Jehovah of.
I booked my first ever paying voiceover job and it turned out to be for a big-deal product AND the copy was really funny.
i was one of the last people to file taxes this year because i thought i would have to pay, but i was pleasantly surprised to find out that i would be getting a small refund.
My significant other had an appointment and was told she was in remission from her cancer. 
I was able to purchase my dream car for less than 1,000 dollars, a cadillac deville.
My happy event was a romantic dinner out with my significant other on Valentine's Day. 
My boyfriend and I were watching TV at his house using his Apple TV. I'm hard of hearing and we hadn't used his TV to watch anything before so it didn't have captioning yet. He spent an entire 30 minutes working to figure out how to caption all of his devices for me.
A few days ago when my acapella group finally had our concert, and it was the best one we've done since I've joined the group. 
I was happy when I bought my first house one month ago. 
The day when my girlfriend moved in with me. 
I got accepted into the graduate school program that was my top choice. 
My son's Birthday party was very exciting. He turned four years old and I was so very happy on his special day.
My signal light in my car was out, and while I was at work, my partner fixed it for me.
My husband went on a medication that eliminated his pain.
Last week I locked my keys in the car at a rest stop in a remote area near a Marine Corps base and AAA reported they would be there in 45 minutes, but actually came in 10 minutes. It made me feel as if my father, who was a Marine and who had passed a few years ago, was looking out for me.


I was happy in the past three months to find out that my sister-in-law is finally having a baby!!!
1. The moment my boyfriend admitted he liked me 
One event in the past three months that made me happy was the time that one of the kindergarteners that I have been working with in a therapeutic session turned the corner in his behavior, began making different behavioral choices, and began to progress academically and socially.
An event that made me happy in the last three months was when I received an A on my exam. This made me proud of myself.
I got approved to purchase a home.
When I felt my son's first molar tooth underneath my index finger, I felt very warm and happy inside; he was smiling as well.  After I took my finger out of his mouth we laught together filled with joy for a while.
I talked to the girl I had been fancying for a while. I was bursting with emotions but things went so smoothly, she was positive. She was relaxed and smiling. We're going out now.
running into a friend at a coffee shop and catching up. 
The day my soccer team won the state championship.
When I was diagnosed with gallbladder issues. I was overjoyed to know where my symptoms had been coming from all these years!
I was able to go on a spontaneous trip with a great friend to our favorite vacation destination.  

Two months ago I moved with my wife in the apartment we wanted
I was cleaning my house last week, and I found a box of pictures I had lost.  I sat there for a while looking a them and remembering my old travel as an archaeologist.  I have  a had a good life I think.  How many people actually go after their dream career?  I mean really?  Archaeologist?   Everyone thought I was crazy, but it was a wonderful experience until I got hurt.  I cannot do it anymore, and really miss it, but it made me so happy to think back on that time in my life.
I was very happy when I found out I was approved by amazon to an mturker!  I had applied but was unsure if I'd be accepted.  When I was, I was elated that I'd get to work there!
Going to a Regina Spektor concert with my best friend made me happy.
A friend visited from overseas, and talking with her, I realized a passion inside of me that I had forgotten: a passion to travel.
When I got to see all of my best friends at the same time. 
My grandaughter was born 3 months ago and she is a beautiful healthy and happy baby!
One event that made me happy was the day I bought new equipment for my music production.
I was contacted first for a possible job interview. I have been unemployed since November of last year. I am elated.
I made the decision to leave a job I hated.
My children and the neighbors children all playing soccer together all day, well into the dark. 
Last night, in the arms of my boyfriend.  He made me feel so happy and comfortable. 
I traveled to North Carolina with my two sons to visit my mom. 
I have a married-couple-with-children set of friends who are homeschooler's and one of their boys, age 8, came to me when he saw me sitting down at church, asked if he could be my "friend" for the service, because he has missed seeing me. 
I was happy when I went home and spent a weekend shopping with my mom, cousins, and my cousin's baby.
I received public recognition on a photography website for a photograph I took that was well received.
I was selected to interview for a Peace Corps position in Mexico.
I graduated with my masters degree in February.
Celebrating my mother's birthday made me happy because I could see how much she appreciated the effort we put into making it a good day.
Yesterday My parents watched my kids so my husband and I could have a date night.
One day that made be happy was when my sons teacher had sent me an email regarding how had he had been working on that current day with his writing skills.  This had made me happy because I recently had a meeting with his teacher regarding his worrisome delay on how his writing is going compared to classmates. 
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months is when me boyfriend and I made an offer on a house we really like.
About one week ago, my nine year old son hit his first home run.
I started getting a hold of my finances.  I am filing bankruptcy, but I learned some new habits, and its very good.  Learning how to save money and live within my means is very calming to me.
Yesterday, I found a nostalgic and tasty pastry I used to eat in my home country.
I was watching The Lost City of Z and the was a quote at the end of the movie that said, "Be brave because whatever happens, it is destiny." At that moment my life made complete sense and all of my worries disappeared and I have been happy ever since.
I had a really good day at work where I was able to complete extra tasks that will help me promote in a few months.
I interviewed for a job I didn't think I would get, and got the call offering me the job at a higher rate than discussed as I was leaving the parking lot.
My son with Autism was able to carry on a decent conversation with his friends after years of seeing him struggle.
I traced my ancestry back to Europe.
Finding out that my son, who is in the Marines, will be stationed closer to me, made me so happy!
A very close family friends daughter got married.  All my children were in here wedding.  I have known her for 15 years and she is a childhood leukemia and depression survivor.  I was so happy to see her happiness after seeing all of her struggles.
My husband bought me a new diamond necklace for my birthday.
When my boyfriend and I celebrated Valentine's Day together. It was my first time celebrating Valentine's Day with someone. I knew he had bought me some jewelry, which I was excited about, but I surprised him with concert tickets to see one of his favorite bands. We had a great time!
Sitting in my room wondering what else can I do with my life.  All of the children have moved out and I am just here alone every day.  I began a search on Google and came across a lot of work at home sites.  I was happy and feeling giddy all over.  I hadn't been this happy since the kids moved out.
I got asked to go to a conference for work.  May sound small to other people, but I was the only person representing my department going.  I feel like that showed me they really have trust and faith in me in letting me go to the conference and plus, i get a mini vacation.  
I finished annual filings for the insurance company successfully and within deadline. 
My mother regaining her ability to walk and squeeze with her right hand after it was affected by a stroke made me very happy.
I got engaged on Valentine's Day.
received recognition at work from my manager
I often help poor children for their education. I pay their school fees and i provide them books and uniform. The children feel very happy.
While shopping for some everyday household items I noticed that single red roses were on sale at the general store down the street from my house. I purchased one on a whim and delivered it to my husband at work. I enjoyed very much watching the surprise and pleasure on his face as he processed my impromptu visit. I smiled about the look in his eyes all the way home.
I took the final exam in a series of 5 exams and at the end of the day, I felt so happy to be done.
I felt extremely happy a month ago when my parents visited us for the first time after our wedding.
I had a second valve replacement surgery that was extremely successful.
LAST MONTH I GOT TWO-WHEELER
I found out about this book called Cripple Wolf, a gore trash book about a werewolf in a wheelchair, bought it and got it in the mail finally and can't wait to read it.
met with with classmates after a very long time. spend an entire day with them, talking about our families etc.
Being with my wife on a daily basic is a source of incredible happiness each and every day.  Our live together is a source of joy and happiness we cannot compare to any other relationship, or experience in our lives.  We are happy just to be with each other, hanging out and being quiet, hiking on the nature trails we love, or watching a movie together
When I held my son for the first time. I never thought I could love someone so much from the very start. I felt as though I was standing on a cloud, but the sun was not above me. I was holding him in my arms. I remember saying in my head: 

"Welcome to this world son. I will do my all to be the best Mom in the world." 

I named him 'abdullah', which means in Arabic:  servant of God or God's slave.
My boyfriend took me to the Washington coast last weekend to do some clam digging. After a very harsh winter (for the NW anyway), a warm and sunny day at the coast really brought my spirits up and made me extremely happy.
I received an unexpected raise before my annual salary review.
I remember the day my aunt finished chemotherapy and her last radiation treatment, without suffering from side affects.



 



My first marriage anniversary celebration on April 6
Last week, I had my baby shower for my second daughter. 
Well at the start of every year, I make new years resolutions but sadly they never happen the way I want them to. So this year in January of 2017, that's when it all ended for me making new years resolutions. I decided to make goals instead. I went out and bought a couple of planners and began right away feeling very happy because I knew that this would change everything if I only took the time to try and reach my goals each and every day instead of a new years resolution. This has been the best event yet to make me happy because it just feels different now than in previous years. 
My neighbor installed a new sound system in my car. 
I started working out to get fit and for the past 3 months I haven't skipped a day when I didn't work out and that made me really happy as it really changed my life style.
The day we spent my wife's birthday and I planned a surprise visit from her parents.
I played bass with my dad's band in a busy restaurant and got many compliments afterwards from both the band and audience members.
I unexpectedly got to meet a band that had just performed at my college who was so nice and friendly
The tattoo shop that I worked with recently moved to an entirely new location. We had to go in and redo the flooring, build and paint walls, literally rebuild this shop from the ground up. It was a tough process, especially for people that normally don't do a whole lot of manual labor, but the end result was one of the more amazing and rewarding feelings I have had watching our doors open for the first time and people immediately stopping in to take a look.
The day my students did very well in their exams made me very happy.
One event that made me happy happened about two months ago. Working as a new nurse, we admitted a patient who had dranked antifreeze and was near death. Seeing her go from being in a coma near death to being awake playing on her iPad 2 weeks later was the greatest feeling in the world. What made it a much more sweeter moment is the fact that I played apart in helping her recover. 
My 10 year old daughter told me that even when she was 20, I would still have input about her life!
There was a cricket match between my favourite team Sunrisers and RCB Banglore. The match was very exciting and Our team needed three runs in the last ball. Our team captain was batting at the crease and he hit the ball for a four and we won the match by a whisker. This made me very very happy
A friend told me her teenage son said that I was so cool.
I had not seen my granddaughter in a few weeks because we moved.  When she walked in the door I was overjoyed.  She walked in carrying a balloon and a big smile on her face.  This made my day.
My boyfriend is not a really sweet person, but when he made an effort to cook and prepare for my birthday, it really touched me.
Got a JOB of my dreams last week, that's my most memorable moment.
On March 15th, a little over a month ago, I was checking my checking account balance and found a deposit was made into my account for $736.00. I was in shock and was hoping that it was for real and not a mistake. I called the place that deposited it in my account and they confirmed it was for a mistake that was made on my monthly pay from 2012 to 2015. I was so excited and it helped me take care of some extra bills.
I met my current girlfriend 2 months ago at a bank In Cape Town, South Africa.
Winning first in a gpp tourney in daily fantasy sports made me happy.
My marriage
My dad came out of emergency surgery alive and well. 
Last month I have a child.
when i took a new bike,i was so excited and very happy.
I watched a movie that was based on biography of a sportsman and watching that movie i got inspired and was very happy. it made me happy.
MY BROTHER GOT AN GOOD JOB.
The joy of the Easter Vigil Mass 
Yesterday, my husband and I cleaned out his shop. It was a total mess, and he wasn't able to find anything. We cleaned it out entirely and organized it for him. 
I received a bonus at work.
Well, what made you leave your old job in the first place? Whatever the reason, it is most likely still there and not going to change any time soon. Considering that, it sounds to me that you are right in thinking this won't be a wise decision in the long term. Think about how hard, unfair and embarrassing it might be for you to quit a job you returned to after 3 months, for the second time. You should only go back if you are absolutely 100% sure you are going to stick at your old job for a least another year, if not more. If that thought makes you miserable - don't go back. Cause you won't be able to leave in a dignified way.
I was happy when our neighbour's son got 1st rank in school.
In the last three months I had an event with my wife in my backyard. We were working together on a new fire pit and my wife started pulling some weeds that were near where we going to place blocks. She was only wearing a tshirt so whe she reached to pull out the weeds the tshirt went up and revealed her bare ass and I could see her braless breasts hanging. I pulled her to me and pulled off her tshirt and started sucking on her nipples. I laid her down in the grass and took off my shorts and made love to my wife until we both were exhausted and came together. 
I was so happy to see  my school friend last month in a function.
My youngest child brought home a great report card.
Last month i am going to my college friend marriage function. I meet my college friends i am very happy. 
we are celebrated the function and participant the marriage party. we are enjoyed the day
I found out that I saved enough money to take my bi-annual vacation a few weeks ago.
I bought a car about 3 weeks ago and I absolutely love it, I am still happy and believe that I will be for a long time. It's the nicest car I've ever owned and it is fun to drive.

WHEN I GOT MARRIED
I saw my daughter perform in a ballet.
very happy moment in life very big
Just yesterday, I watched my daughter compete in a horse show with a horse that she has known since he was born and trained pretty much herself. She's 15 years old, so this was a great task. I was so proud and happy. 
My son got good job which is the happiest moment
I do not often have family social gatherings, but just last week, my family and friends had an impromptu bbq. It was the first of the season so it was a bit cool outside. There was nothing fancy about this bbq, in fact, it was super bare bones. I typically feel the need to have at least a beer in my hand during most social situations, but this particular time, there was none. I felt so happy after this short and sweet get-together especially because I was really present in the moment and had a sense of belonging.
The day my son passed the admission exam for entry to Technical College to study engineering.
I was happy when my husband bought me a box of specialty chocolates for my birthday.
My family and I went to Disney World.
Me and my girlfriend started talking more about having kids together.
Earlier this month I flew out to Boston to meet my boyfriend.  When I landed he surprised me my being at the airport with a teddy bear for me.
I won a gift certificate to a new restaurant in my area called Copious. 
I wrote an essay about my nephew, and it was selected as a winner for money that will be deposited into his college fund.
Being able to convert latex to mathematical expression using mathjax made me happy.
Last week, I finished my service in the United States Marine Corps. This made me feel quite proud and accomplished, and definitely happy to move on to the next chapter in my life.
Yesterday I played baseball with lots of friends. It made me very happy when I hit a 3 RBI triple. I stayed happy for about 60 minutes then forgot about it. 
I went to a baseball game with my daughter.
Getting the garden done this year made me happy.
1 month ago I went on vacation to a spiritual retreat where I learned how to be a better person, how to let go of problems and how to relate in a more effective way with people, that has completely improved my life and makes me very happy
I was accepted into the closed beta for Quake Champions, which I've been looking forward to for months.
Going to sign my kids up for baseball this year made me happy.
My kid song a song at Temple festival at Trivandrum. He perform at his extreme level and crowed very much enjoy the song and appreciate him well, all that make me very happy 
The day I got the call from the interviewer that they wanted to offer me the job I applied me left me feeling happy!
My wife, daughter and I went to Seattle for a daytrip.
My brother purchased a dog and brought him home. 
I got my 4 wheeler and two wheeler driving license, is the happiest moment in past 3 months.  
Planting trees with my grandparents, parents, and sister at our house in the country on Earth Day. 
Getting a call from an old friend I haven't seen in over a year.
client brought me a plant as a gift on our last day together.
Date night with my wife.
In the past three months, the thing that has made me the most happy is the weather. This has been one of the warmest earliest Springs we have had. And there is nothing more that makes me happy than when the sun is beating down on your and you can spend all of your time outdoors doing things such as grilling, planting new flowers, and exercising. The warm weather opens its door for numerous things.
Discovered I will receive a large amount of money in a few weeks
I received a written letter from a friend that I had not heard from in over two decades.
I got to go on a long road trip with my girlfriend.  We took a roadtrip from Minnesota to the Grand Canyon.
I visited four German cities by train on the same day and made it back to church on time.
My daughter started sleeping through the night. 
Drinking wine, listening to records, and talking with my boyfriend last night. It was the best conversation we've had in a long time and really made me feel closer than ever with him.
My mother-in-law, myself, and my husband did yard work for the majority of the day yesterday and it made me happy that we were all working together and having a good time completing such a task. 
One event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when I washed my car and it was sparkling shiny. 
My youngest daughter got accepted to school in the fall. 
My boyfriend took me out to eat at an Italian restaurant. I was upset with him because it seems like we only go to the bar or his house when we spend time together. The Italian restaurant was really romantic and we both celebrated with a glass of wine. The food was delicious and the servers were very professional. Overall, we had a good time and I felt like my boyfriend met my needs to be together.
My anniversary made me happy within the last 3 months. 
I received a job offer.
I found a job that I really love
When my sister in-law told me she was pregnant, which I had been suspecting.
My grandchild recognized me on Skype and smiled at me.
The day that my girlfriend and I became official. 
I was recently offered a position in a field that I'm very interested in working in. I didn't think I had a shot at the job initially but after completing the interview process I was offered the position. 
Last week I turned 34, and went to visit some family for the weekend.
Ii won 50 dollars on an instant scratchy ticket.
A happy event is parked on selling.
My husband just celebrated one year work anniversary at his job and he is happy. This is the first time we or OK financially.
I was able to save up enough money to buy the Oculus Rift Virtual Reality headset that I'd been wanting for a long, long time.
A day that made me happy was when my sister-in-law finally had her baby and they were both safe and healthy, unlike doctors predicted.
My ex-boyfriend and I have been trying to work on our relationship. We frequently fight and have disagreements. We once argued and didn't speak for a week. He surprised me with gifts randomly one day and gave a very heartfelt apology. 
On our first day of vacation, we went to pick up our rental car at the airport. We prepaid for an economy car, but we were able to select an SUV as our car without any extra charge. 
THE DAY I WENT TO MY SISTER HOUSE BY LAST MONTH.I ENJOYED A LOT THERE. WE WENT TO RESTAURANT AND TASTED NEW FOODS.
Finally move on from my ex
The day that I was happy for the past three months are as follows, New Year's Eve where I get a chance to be with my family again. I spend it with them and had a great time. 
The week my boyfriend and I got to stay in a resort together.
I could attend a procession of Merciful Jesus Christ which is an annual event.
i am very happy when i got my masters degree five years back
My sons worked together to build me an earthen oven outside for my birthday.
In his book, The Untethered Soul, Michael Singer argues that your energy should come from within -- from your why -- not from external stimulants. The scientific backing is substantial and unsurprising: intrinsic motivation destroys extrinsic motivation every day of the week.
Motivation aside -- healthy eating, sleeping, and intensive exercise produce higher quantities and quality of energy than caffeine ever could. A holistic approach to life is essential. Garbage in, garbage out.
Give up the caffeine and see what happens. To avoid withdrawal headaches -- which are mostly placebo -- replace your caffeine with something else (another placebo). After a few days without caffeine, you'll develop confidence in your ability to function without it.
I made a cake from scratch for a friends birthday , I decorated it with great detail and delivered it to her t a restaurant.  She was so happy she cried, it made me very happy .
When my sister who works abroad surprised us last week to celebrate my uncle's 50th wedding anniversary.  
I created a company face book page and all my friends like it. 
My first happy event was taking a week off of work to visit my daughter in Alabama, whose new house is on the Tennessee River.
My sister, who has cancer, told me she finally surrendered and got a wig and it wasn't as bad as she feared.
"Have I done any good in the world today? Have I helped anyone in need? Have I cheered up the sad and made someone feel glad? If not, I have failed indeed. Has anyone's burden been lighter today, because I was willing to share
Last night I watched an episode of "The Waltons" with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks!
I began painting as a new, casual hobby of my own.
I am in a long distance relationship and so I never get to celebrate Valentines Day because it usually falls on a weekday. This year, even though it fell on a weekday, I visited my boyfriend in Canada and he prepared a home cooked meal for me and bought me a present. 
A local church provided me with a fifth-wheel in which to live.
Recently my car broke down and a friend helped me pay for the repairs which were very costly. 
I rented a movie with my kids and we watched it together, we've been super busy so this was a nice change of pace.
After a year and a half of planning a private sailing trip to Cuba with friends we are finally ready to set sail.
I recently adopted a puppy, I saw pictures of him online and I fell in love. It was not completely the right timing for a puppy in my life but he's been amazing. He runs around playing and is happy nearly all the time. He's responsive and affectionate he knows his name and walks on the leash like a champ. I have cleaned up a million accidents and my stuff is starting to look chewed up but I am very happy.  

Share a few drinks with a friend from the past and tell stories
My brother, sister-in-law and niece came to visit our family.
Drinking a ginger tea , that's all there is , this week hasn't been very exciting or happy , in fact it's been rather tiring and stressful but it's fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.Woke up 5:45, Meditated, cooked a healthy breakfast, worked on things I love, went to the gym, cooked a healthy dinner and slept peacefully.
Throwing A house show which was fun and something i have never done before made me quite happy.
I got a girlfriend. She is amazing and I was very lucky. 
Each and every time I heart my unborn baby's heartbeat. It's so cool to hear it and know she's still going strong in there!
Last month I started looking of another job since I have been working in a same company for past 3 years. I felt that it is better to lookg for better career growth. Within a month, I have been offered job with good position from 3 companies which made me really happy.
I was hired for a job position that I was unsure I was qualified for.
My son learned how to give kisses the other day.
I was discussing with my long-term, long-distance significant other about us moving in together at the end of the year. It made me happy knowing that the end of our long-distance situation is nearing. I like having plans for the future.
Last week I went to Las Vegas for the first time.  I honestly had one of the best times of my life.  I went with ten other people, who made the trip even better.  I had been going thru some tough times and recently lost my job, so this really helped.  
when I got Admission in a top technical College. 
My family and I went to San Francisco for a 3-day weekend get-away.
I felt happy last weekend because my wife cooked my favorite pie and she gave me it with a romantic note on it.
The time I was happy was when I was able to put money in my account to see just how full it was. It was nice seeing it at three digits.
I was putting my son to bed and he asked me to cuddle with him and sing him a song.
In the past three months, I got a promotion to the new position that I can get more money to support my loved family.
I was able to build a brick entrance by myself.
I was happy when I got to go home from school for Easter this year. 
i am blessed with a beautiful baby i am very happy at that moment .
I brought my pet Russian tortoise outside for the first time this year since the weather warmed up. She had been inside all winter and I was happy to see her happy and excited walking through the garden.
I went to C2E2 with my family and it was amazing. 
My son completed a big school project.
I bought a new car.
I was very excited and happy exactly 46 days ago when a girl who i was searching for sat beside me in a share auto. It was a nervous moment for me, I couldn't talk to her, my body was completely shivering but it felt good.
I was very happy when I found out that my dad's spinal surgery went successfully about two months ago. He was facing possible paralysis not only from not having the surgery but there was also a chance the surgery itself could cause paralysis. When I found out that everything went successful, I broke down crying tears of joy. 
The event that made me happy was when my wife gave birth to our child.
I enjoyed  watching mr bean animated series with my son.
I became happy when my girlfriend and I adopted a rescue dog from a shelter.
My son was accepted into National Honor Society, which made me happy and proud.
One time I can remember being happy was when I got hired at my previous job, because I put my best foot forward in the interview. 
One event that made me happy in the past three months was when I got a job offer from a company for a Project Manager Position.
Earlier this month, my boyfriend and I celebrated our 3 year anniversary. I made a nice dinner and we ate together, it was nice and quiet and it reminded me of how grateful I am to have him in my life. 
Playing video games for 15 mins each week.
I got to move into a house my sister had been occupying that we both owned, despite her not wanting me there.
When I was putting my 5 year old granddaughter to bed and she reached up to hug me and she told me she loved me and was so happy that I had come over to take care of her. 
I had a great time celebrating a friend's 30th birthday with him and some friends.  
My granddaughter was able to spend the night.  We had a great time!
Roughly one month ago, my wife and I were cleaning our house one evening in preparation for my mother's visit (we live in Hawaii).  When I entered the guest room, I noticed THOUSANDS of ants crawling across the floorboard.  I immediately called my landlord and she sent over an exterminator who started spraying insect killing chemicals.  My wife pulled me into another room with a concerned look and said, "I need to get out of here...I'm pregnant.  Surprise!" 
I was able to travel to Mexico. I was hoping to visit this place for a long time. 
My daughter had an EEG that was normal; it showed no seizures.
The day my third child was born was a very happy event in my life. 
Beating an enemy team in a video game 1v6 by myself to bring my team the victory.
Finally I started the process of recycling all my empty cans. 
The cans were starting to pile up in my house. My wife was already a little furious over the mess. But I did not want to throw them in the regular trash.
Two weeks ago I took my daughter to an anime convention and she ran around feeling free and made a new friend.
I got my headphones I ordered
Two weekends ago, my spouse and I decided to treat ourselves to an overnight trip to Astoria, Oregon to reconnect with each other and ourselves.
I moved to my new apartment, it's spacious and I'm with my boyfriend

One day while feeling down and depressed I meet an interesting person who can now be called a friend.
An event that made me incredibly happy is that a person who I really enjoy, and who has seemed to be very conflicted about his feelings towards me, has seemed to become more comfortable around me.
I completed a very hard and strenuous workout that I had struggled with in the past.
My verbally delayed son said his name and the alphabet.
I was happy when I had been praying for a person and the problem was resolved.
I finished my senior thesis. 
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when my sister, whom I do not see very often, came to visit me. 
I went to Comic Con with friends and we met Jason Momoa.
1.  I made my work goal of selling $127,500 in booth sales.

Birthday celebration We went to Indiana for a party with friends and relatives
I received positive feedback from my boss about work I had done recently and how I handle myself professionally under pressure.  
I heard and then saw a really big woodpecker, a kind that I have not seen since I moved and it is one of my favorite birds.
When my best friend invited me to dinner with him and his family.
The day I found out I was pregnant with my daughter.
Last week, my karaoke team won against a competing team at our karaoke league night. The theme was duets, and we did three different songs. This was the second week in a row that we had won, and it made me feel proud of our team and excited to keep the winning streak going.
2 months ago my table top role playing game finally reach its epic conclusion.
The night I met my significant other's son for the first time is a moment that made me happy. My SO left me alone with his son to go pick up pizza, and that showed me that he trusted me with his kid. Later, his son requested that I sit next to him while we watched a movie. It was a good feeling knowing that his kid liked me. 
I spent a beautiful, sunny day outside, with my son and my husband, walking, laughing and playing disc golf in City Park.
My mother paid off the entirety of my wedding ring repair bill.
An event that made me happy in the last 3 months was getting engaged to my long time girlfriend during a long weekend at Florida Keys. 
I went to Red Lobster with my mom.
I was very happy when I went to Vegas with my boyfriend.
I found out there were 2 new episodes online of a show I like when I only expected one.  
I took my granddaughter to a children's play gym in Berkeley. The last time I had taken her, she had a complete meltdown and we left with her screaming and crying. This time, she was wonderful. She played with the other children, took turns, and shared. She was angelic. After we left we stopped for lunch, and again, she was amazing. 
finishing college was happiest day of my life. a completion that I have don eon my own.
My husband, who isn't an emotional person, wrote a love letter to me.
last month i meet my old friend he very comedy person we talk about past memories so we really enjoy that movement 
when i got over my ex and i could find peace with myself
I lost weight.
My supervisor gave me a really good reference for a new job.
I got a dollar raise from my boss because I did well on a work project.
I broke a score of 80 while playing golf at a course I recently started playing. 
My husband was released from the nursing home after therapy and came back home to live.
The first event that made me happy in the last 3 months is when a company enabled my account. Two months ago a company disabled my account locking all my funds with it. I thought they stole this money from me but today they enabled my account and they said that they thought my account was compromised. A misunderstanding perhaps. But, I was so happy to get the control of my money back. I was ecstatic!
I went on a ski vacation with my husband.
MOVING FROM NEW YORK CITY TO FLORIDA TO BETTER MY AND MY FAMILIES LIFE WAS A HAPPY MOMENT IN MY LIFE.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was seeing my granddaughter take her first step.s
I heard the news that I was offered a job that I had interviewed for
This evening I was made incredibly happy by preparing a home cooked Southern style meal that consisted of meatloaf, mashed potatoes,fried potato skins, creamed corn, and homemade biscuits.
I got a new pet for valentines day.
I moved into a new 1 bedroom apartment.
WHEN MY DAUGHTER HAD ME A SUP PRICE BIRTHDAY PARTY
An old high school friend reached out to me on Facebook who I had not seen in a very long time.  We were pretty good friends in school and use to hang out quite a bit.  He invited me to go eat to so we could catch up.  We did go out to eat and we were able to catch up and talk about our old high school days.  We had a lot of good laughs and ate good food.  It was a really good evening and I really enjoyed my time with him. 
How to help others with anxiety. 
My good friend recently had a baby and holding him for the first time was pure bliss.
Just the way he said it cheered me up. I couldn't stop smiling for the rest of the day!
ONE DAY MY COLLEGE MATES ARRANGED A SOCIAL WELFARE CAMP WHICH IS REALLY A JOYFUL EXPERIENCE, WE ALL HAD A GREAT DAY HELPING PEOPLE IN VILLAGES EATING WITH THEM, TAKING BATH ON RIVER AND SO ON.
When I was asked to participate in a ceremony as a chief guest to share few words.
I went fishing with my best friend on my favorite lake.
I went to the beach and played catch with my dog in the sand.
My 5 year old scored his first soccer goal. 
I got a significant raise at work.
My very first grandson being born!
I made over $700 through Mechanical Turk during the month of February.
Last night I watched an episode of "The Waltons" with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks!
When I became a boyfriend of my current partner, this was very perfect for me because I really love her very much and I feel it's worth having this relationship with her

Recently my girlfriend told me that we are having a baby and that made me happy. Another event that made me happy was going to the casino and winning some money.  Lastly living in San Diego always makes me happy.
I have a vacation with my family in our beach farm.
When I bought some birthday gifts for my girlfriend. I found a really nice, handmade Lord of the Rings mug, which she will love. She is a huge fan and will be so happy about this. Her Birthday is in two weeks and I am already so happy. I can't wait to give the mug to her!
The day I received confirmation that I have been selected for a job I really wanted
The moment when I received an acceptance letter from the university I wanted to attend.
I felt happy yesterday when the bumps in the road matched the rhythm of the song I was listening to.
My cousin sister got married to her long time boyfriend.
I traveled with my Guru on a road trip. It was nice spending time with him after a long time.
An event that made me happy in the last three months was being able to travel home, across the country to see my family. Since I am currently living nearly 2,000 miles away from home, I am limited to the amount of time I am able to spend with my family; being able to travel home and spend time together made me very happy.

My wife and I were able to meet with an old friend of hers that was visiting from another city.
My daughter Haddie Lynn was born in February and this is our third child and I couldn't be happier.
I was on a hiking trip in the mountains and came over a hill and experienced a beautiful view of a mountain peak towering over a shimmering lake.
Yesterday, we went out to airport in order to receive my niece, who is returning back to mother country after her 3 months foreign trip.
I got paid some money that I was owed.
I was accepted in nursing school, a big career achievement.
My brother bought a new house with more land so he has more room for animals and my nephew to play on.
Three months ago and my husband heard that we will become a parent. This is the most beautiful moment in our life soon the family will be added to a girl.It will be an angel that will bring us happiness.
The month of April is when I finally completed my Medical Billing and Coding course online and received my certificate.
give the wedding ring to my girlfriend
After a break up with my girlfriend, from a long time (around after 2 months). i again talked with her and discuss some important topics. With her response and appreciation make me happy. 
I was offered an internship position at a restaurant close to where I live.  The position will allow me to graduate college at the end of the summer.  
A happy moment was when my dad and I both realized that his foot recovered from his recent surgery.  
When I was offered a position for my new office job, which allowed me to leave my unfulfilling retail job. 
My boyfriend and I moved into a tiny house after many months of saving and uncomfortable living. 
valentine day made me very happy we both are complete 10th valentine day
I recently scored a job interview for a professional position that I thought might be out of my league.
Received appreciation from the boss, For maintain daily failure loco details on the board up to date.
Each and everyone of us has a story to tell and share to others, life stories that may serve as an inspiration to other people. Every individual may have a life experience or a moment in his or her life that somehow greatly affects his or her whole life. We often share our own triumphs and travails, our victories and defeats, our happiness and despair that bring alterations to the present life situations. My story began as an ordinary boy in the state of Ferndale, Michigan. I am the youngest of five siblings, a son of Sazelia and Marvin Johnson.

My mother was a university woman who tries to acquire a bachelor's degree in Business at the University of Michigan. My father was a Mechanical Engineer who is deeply fascinated with cars. My parents are intellectual and social creatures who passed down the essential values of hard work, education and religion to their children. They make sure that we are not deprived of the essential things that we need in our education. They also impart important attitudes and ethical standards needed in conforming well to our social environment. My siblings and I grew up in happy and complete family that upholds education as the main key to success.
We had a leak in our roof. When things like arise, I worry about the situation, who will I get to fix it, how much is it going to cost, etc. The event that made me happy was when we were able to have the roof leak fixed and replaced the roof to prevent further damage to our home. It made me feel happy to know that my home was taken care of and that we were able to provide a safe home for our family.
I've been working with and organization to help me get my house in order/cleaned/organized, because it's a mess, and we can't afford to pay for help. They finally started working on the actually project yesterday, and now I have a clean kitchen. Yea!
My teenage daughter agreed to join me to visit a sick relative.  The trip was to include a 2 hour car ride each way as well as obligatory lunch at a restaurant.  My daughter agreed and was pleasant and engaged in the day one hundred percent.  
My daughter got a good grade on a test and she was so proud of herself.
I got a small raise at work.
My child was recognized as a role model at their school.
A day which I consulted a Psychiatric doctor and he prescribed and told the reason of my depression which collapsed my day to day activities. It was only the hormone changes. I felt really blessed and happy till now.
I won a big tournament for my hobby and now i can put a lot more time into it.
My eldest child graduated from high school and got a scholarship.
We adopted a new kitten a month ago after one of our cats had to be put down. It was so fun to go and look at all the cats and find our new little love. We arrived early and went straight back into the shelter and fell in love with our little guy.
My video card in my computer stopped working. My roommate found one on NewEgg for 97.00- I took the info and went to Ebay and found the exact one, brand new for 39.99 and free shipping. It arrived 2 days early, in a new unopened box and was perfect. I saved close to 60.00 just doing a little research. 
I recently went to the supermarket and entered a raffle. While there I saw that I won the raffle and the prize was 50.00 shopping credit. I was very happy and used it towards my bill that day.
My significant other gave me an Easter basket he made for me on Easter morning and it made me very happy because he hadn't done that for many years.
I made a new dish today and it was successful.
I was watching a soccer a game over the weekend, it was between a team i liked and a formidable side. They looked like they would loose the game but somehow managed to pull off a win. That made me happy. Arsenal  FC Vs Man City 2017
An event that made me happy was when my husband bought me a new cell phone a few weeks ago for our anniversary.
My son was born with a Port Wein Stain on his right cheek. Port Wein Stains are birthmarks that are typically red or purple and that are caused by the accumulation of blood vessels in one specific area. He is 16 now and he is undergoing laser surgery treatments in Atlatna, GA.  He has 6 treatments scheduled right now. Each costing close to 4,000 dollars. 

Although we have insurance we have not met our deductible yet. A friend of mine just told me 3 days ago that he might qualify for a scholarship and that the grant would cover some of his medical expenses. I contacted the hospital and seems that he really does qualify. I was very happy when the hospital confirmed this to me. I want to help him but at the same time I cannot go broke. 
I was commended at work.
My daughter informed me that she was chosen to represent her class at the state science festival.
An event that has made me very happy last month was my sister telling me she was marrying her girlfriend next fall.
I am a federal poultry inspector. I was recently given a pay raise and a promotion.
Having received a second job offer from a different company
One event that made me happy in the last three months was last week. A parent sent a raving good email to my boss about how well I teach. 
My sister had a baby recently and asked me to be present for the birth.
I was getting sick, and my new gentleman friend that I've been seeing cut a rose out of his garden and gave it to me. 
I was eligible for food assistance. 
The other day my friend came over and we watched the show "Nathan For You" together. It made me happy because there has been distance between us lately, and we had the chance to just hang out and laugh at a silly show. 
I received a $100 gift card for Safeway/Vons in the mail.
I finally got divorced after 10 years of being separated from my spouse! Being married was a major bourdon for me.  I was and still am extremely happy and relieved, I no longer have ties to my spouse in anyway! I am free to live my life now with out the worries!
I am a Nanny for a 5 year old and 10 year old and it is getting close to the end of the year and school is getting gnarly and they have been acting up a bit.  Well, this week the 5 year old told me I am beautiful and I make his heart happy!
The event that made me happy was being offered a job that I really wanted. I went to an interview an liked the atmosphere of the job. The boss was very nice and the staff was very helpful. The feeling of the job was warm and welcoming. I was very happy when I was offered the new position. 
My girlfriend recently has been promoted out of her job into one that is less stressful and makes her happier.
I was very happy when my six year old daughter got all A's on her most recent report card.
I was very happy when I found out that my wife had a good day.  Normally she does not have great days because she is disabled.
For the first time, I piloted an airplane all by myself. I was solo and there was nobody else in the plane to tell me what to do and how to do it. All of my decisions were based on my perception of what was going on. I have never been so proud of myself reaching a milestone such as that.
My 16 year old son has been going through severe depression and anxiety for the past year, and has even had suicidal thoughts at times. He's been through an outpatient treatment program, and is now on medications to help him cope, along with weekly therapy. Last night, he came to me out of the blue and have me THE BIGGEST HUG ever, and didn't let go for a full minute! It filled my heart with joy!
Look at it this way.  "It's a happy day" - that honest anticipation, that hopeful expectancy spoken by my child one early morning so many month ago can be an eye opening revelation for you too.  Look for those moments. Listen for them. Wait for them. Be grateful for them.
It made me very happy when i asked my fiancee to marry me and she said yes.
About 3 weeks ago, my dad came to visit me at my house, which is about 5 hours away; this is a big deal because he had never visited me here before.
Going to yoga class.
Sitting outside my first home with my fiance, drinking beer, while watching the sunset.
I got a raise in my salary of approximately 10% which made me very happy.
My daughter got into her first choice college.
I was very happy when Kent gave me the watch for late Christmas and Valentine's day gift.
Waking my daughter up in the morning makes me extremely happy.  When she first notices you above her crib she gets the biggest smile on her face and then slaps her belly in excitement to see you.  
I finally boarded my flight home after a 24 delay and flight cancellation. 
My family and I went on vacation to Florida.
I bought a white motorcycle that I had been saving for the last six months. 
My brother in law, his wife and my neice and nephew came to visit from out of Country.
The day we got our 8 week old chocolate lab puppy.  
 


After a long time I bought a bicycle and started riding it on early mornings
Although the amount of warfare and deaths by human hands are reducing globally, you will not get that message watching televised news or reading the newspaper.
On the contrary, these media outlets have an agenda. Their goal is to appeal to your fears by inflating extreme cases -- making them seem normal and commonplace. If they didn't do so, their viewership would plummet. Which is why Peter Diamandis, one of the world's experts on entrepreneurship and the future of innovation has said, "I've stopped watching TV news. They couldn't pay me enough money."
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when I had sex with my girlfriend and was able to finish inside of her.
I was extremely happy when I hit my first hole-in-one on the golf course last month.
My child called from college and told me that they earned an internship with a fully paid trip to Japan.
I was able to travel to North Carolina to see my family.
The first event was seeing the new "Get Out" movie with my friends and my partner. At this point in our lives, we are growing up and taking on tasks that do not always allow for us to spend as much time around each other as we used to. The feeling of having some of the closest people in my life all together and enjoying something as simple as a movie is something I will always hold dear. As time moves forward and we grow up and move away, it is moments like this that mean the world.
My best friend came home to celebrate his birthday. 
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me "I don't know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this much"
When Leicester City football club scored at home against Sevilla to ensure their progress in the champions league.
Being released from the hospital after a lengthy stay. I was very, very ill and had to be hospitalized during which time I had multiple surgeries and procedures. My family was told to prepare for the worst. After 38 days, I had recovered and was discharged.
I bought tickets and a meet and greet pass to see one of my favorite bands, and I was so excited because the last 2 times they have come somewhere near me, I wasn't able to go. 
Last week I got a letter that I passed another hoop on my way to a promotion.
I am happy because my boyfriend recently was very sick in the hospital, and him being given a clean bill of health and being okay made me very happy.
My boyfriend rides a motorcycle. So I have had a horrible year and I love to get on a bike and just like escape. Well he lost my helmet so i havent been able to ride on the bike in months. Last week he got me a new helmet and it wasnt crazy expensive or that big of a deal to other people but I was so happy and excited when he got it.  I cant wait to ride.
I won a photo contest I am not a professional photographer and to have one of my photos chosen to win an be professionally framed is something I never thought would happen 
I completed my umpiring exams successfully and i am now fully qualified.
I went out on a fishing trip. We did not catch much but on our last cast we reeled in a large Mahi Mahi that we ate on the shore. It was amazing. I was so happy eating a fresh fish. I want to go back to the Dominican.
An event that made me happy within the past 3 months was when I received an excellent grade on my midterm after worrying about how hard the material was.
During i surprising my wife ,i mistakenly hit her on face, i felt so funny 
I was happy when we celebrated my wife's birthday last week. 
When I found out I was invited on vacation with my boyfriend's family.
I went to the Red Hot Chili Peppers concert with my boyfriend and our friends.
Hired for an online freelance job as a software tester.
A happy moment that made me happy last week was being able to pay off my taxes completely with no financial burden.
I adopted a new cat
My daughter, constantly reminding me that I am what she needs and being her leaning shoulder even when she falls down and has boo boos.  Even thought she is two she is a smart little one.  
the day my grand son whom able started speaking and called grame meaning grandmother for the first time.
A friend of mine was spending a long time trying to untie a knotted kite string, and a second friend and I told each other that we would enjoy that puzzle too. 
I had a telephone conversation with my dad on his birthday.
An event that made me happy was the afternoon that my 5 year old son learned to ride his bike without training wheels.
I spent some time with my mom, whom I do not live with, to celebrate her birthday and we had a lot of fun and got to catch up with each other a lot.
Getting to spend the afternoon babysitting for my 3 year old nephew and 1 year old neice. 
I was at the gas station and a homeless person asked for change. I gave him $5 and saw him smile with his heart. It made me extremely happy just seeing his reaction and appreciation.
The day I moved into my new home.
On March 8, I was happy because I won $2000 on a lottery scratch ticket.
We moved into a larger home that costs less because it's owned by a family member, and we will be able to own it someday through family inheritance.
The day that my son made a best friend at school.
I learned that my ultimate frisbee team would be once again playing in a summer league this upcoming summer. 
One of my happiest moments in the past 3 months was when my family rented a beach house and we were all together.
I got a call back from a breeder after a long search for my new puppy! I had been searching for the right breeder for months and hasn't been expecting a call that day, but she had puppies available ready to go home that day!
What made me happy was running into my girlfriend (Sally) and her asking me to stay at her home with she & her family for an indefinite amount of time, after being homeless for several months.
I was working at a jobsite and walked into the sprinkler pump room and laying there on the floor was roughly thirty to fifty dollars in scrap metal
My cousin had a beautiful and healthy baby - first baby in the close family. 
when my fiance put pokemon go on my phone. it is a game he had been playing since we first met and i use to watch him play with while ignoring a lot of the thing we were doing at the time. when he put the game on my phone too i felt more included and it made the places we were visiting more fun. it made me happy that he wanted to play the game with me too. im still happy about it months later.
yesterday I got to look at the Buffalo Bills 2017 season schedule. I was in a jubilant mood after that. I feels as if it's a easy schedule and they will make the playoffs this year.
I was able to take my son out to the park recently as it has been warming up, and he went down the slide on his own for the first time ever.
I was putting my five month old son to sleep last night an I started humming a lullaby to him, and he stopped eating and looked up at me sweetly and lovingly.
About two months ago, my wife told me that she is pregnant with our first child, and she showed me the sonogram image.
I was ecstatic the day that i broke up with my boyfriend
I was able to attend the 4th birthday party of my grand daughter Violet in North Carolina.
We got our tax return and were able to pay off a credit card in full.
I forgot my cell phone at Starbucks and ran back five minutes later. Fortunately it was still there, as someone had turned it in during that time.
I went to Cape Cod with my son last week for a 4 day vacation, and we visited the beach.
My daughter brought up her ACT score by 4 points.
A big moment that had me really happy was when I graduated from college, I was rather ecstatic. 
When my husband finally got a job after many months of being laid off and many months of searching.  I am unable to work so this meant a lot.
I was promoted to the next level at my job and was moved to a bigger office space.
On Easter Sunday, my family and I went to church and we were able to get a picture of all of my young sons with their suits on.
I felt very happy when my mother came to visit and spend some time with me after not seeing her for a year.
I was experimenting in the kitchen and I made a wonderful souffle that my entire family loved.
An event that made me happy was when my daughter first said "mama" and "dada". 
I was happy when I spoke to my longtime friend on the phone for a while and got to catch up with him.
A guinea pig we were babysitting for had a baby in our care unbeknownst to the owner.
My husband makes coffee every morning and brings it to me - this little, daily event makes me happy.
I woke up and a kitten in my house woke up with me.
I won a $20 Amazon gift card.
I got a chance to go visit my son and his wife and our grandchildren. This was such a wonderful experience since I had not seen them in a long time.
I went to my cousins wedding, and saw her get married - I was so happy for her and her husband. It was beautiful.
I was really happy when I got together with my family for Easter. I had an Easter brunch with grandma, my uncle, and my sister. 
I was asked out by a guy I like.
Every time I've picked up more drugs has made me happy. Drugs are the only thing that make me happy.
After spending several years as a student and missing out on many things with my family, my family was able to take a short vacation over spring break. We traveled to a cabin in a beautiful forest area and spent three nights on the river and hiking. 
I returned home from college for the first time in several months to my dog and family.
For my birthday I got together with friends for dinner and drinks.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when I spent time with my son on a weekend I didn't have him. It was his cousins birthday and his mother brought him to the party. I was there as well. It made me feel happy for the rest of the week. Even though I was sad to see him leave. I had a great time with him. 
Buying a new car after sharing a car with my husband for almost a year.
I started going to the gym.
Like children all over the world my 20 month old grandson loves the movie Frozen. He will watch the YouTube video of the song "Let it Go" over and over again. The other night my daughter sent me a short video of my grandson singing and dancing to this song.
I went on vacation to a place I had not been before and did not have any problems with my flight connections.
When i was told i was going to join an exciting fast carreer path training in US.
I made the final payment on a very large amount of credit card debt.
I BOUGHT A NEW CAR. I NEEDED A NEW CAR BECAUSE MY OLD CAR WAS BREAKING DOWN ON ME. 
I was happy when I got to go to a party. The party was for my parents, they have been married 25 years. It was a happy occasion and lots of friends and family came.
Last month one event that made me happy was when I finally got the promotion at work. I had been waiting for this promotion for a few months now. It made me really happy hearing everyone tell me how perfect I was for the position. 
Upon arriving to work, I was unexpectedly presented with a pay raise that I had not expected. 
It made me happy that a job I used to work at wanted to rehire me
When my best friend did his best to teach me how to turn while skiing. He spent the entire day with me teaching me how to turn and I finally got it and it clicked, it made me extremely happy and then I was able to go faster down the hills. Amazing!!
I was at the bar with some friends, and a cute girl complimented me on my cologne. 
when i married i was so happy
I celebrated my 70th birthday with my family here a couple of months ago.  I always feel happy at family get togethers.
I recently had a customer at work take time out of their day to come back to my store to tell my manger about the great customer service i provided for them. They had been in earlier that morning and i help them resolve a problem they were having with an item they purchased previously. Afterward they asked to speak to my manager who wasnt in at the time. They returned later that afternoon just to talk to him and tell them how much they appreciated me. 
While deciding the next step in my relationship with my boyfriend, he finally told me that he loved me.
I received a surprise gift of a silver necklace from my grandma.
I reconnected with an old friend and had a long conversation.
I went to Disney World with my wife.
I found a favorite snack was on sale at the store.
The Day i delivered my baby. I was actually waiting for my delivery pain to commence and suddenly some risk happened so planned for a C-Section.I was taken to the operation theater and within few mins my daughter was born. I could hear the sound of the baby and I fainted and when I woke up she was put near me and a small hand touching me .The feeling which I got that time was so awesome which cannot be expressed in words.the whole family my parents and relatives were near which made me really comfortable.  
Going out for the first fishing trip of the year on my boat.
Yesterday I went out to see if the seeds I had planted in my garden last week had sprouted and I found that they had indeed sprouted, this made me happy.
I spent a few days visiting my sister at her university and interviewing for assistantships for their graduate program. The interviews were stressful but spending time with my sister and seeing her daily life felt like a vacation from my everyday life. I left that weekend feeling cheerful and optimistic, hopeful that I would be able to attend the graduate program.
I've won a chess tournament in a small town area, my rating improved by ~80 points too.
I was selected as the employee of the month for successfully completing three projects.
I began studying abroad in Japan on April 2, 2017.
I was able to travel and surprise my boyfriend at a show that his band was performing.
When im was with my gf and we both make a long drive it make me happy
I can remember many happy events of my life and out of those, I would like to talk about the event that I can still remember vividly regarding my success in the board exam. The moment I heard that I had been awarded a scholarship based on my performance in the board exam, I became the happiest man in the world. This was indeed a very happy moment for me as it is something I was looking forward to achieving and the news made my parents quite happy and proud.
we moved into a bigger apartment and it was such a relief to be there before our third child is due.
I went to beach with my Family, there i played with my 3 year old son by making sand mansion and with my wife together we were taken away by tide of sea as we three of them got wet and my son was so excited and started laughing,it was such a wonderful moment we were having.
My dog and I placed 2nd and 3rd in an obedience competition.  We attended class for the past 10 weeks and on graduation day, everyone was tested on their ability to preform the skills we learned.  My dog, who is a notoriously stubborn breed, placed better than a good majority of the class due to our hard work and dedication.  We received a ribbon and a lot of praise.  
It was the day I called off my wedding and I finally got back my freedom, for months I have been so scared that I will humiliate my family if I told them I didn't want to marry my fiancA(c) anymore but the response I got overwhelmed me of how much family and friends love me. I was overjoyed and I have never felt alone, from that moment I knew that too shall pass.
my husband give a gift after a few years.
My mom and her husband came down to visit for my birthday.
I received a raise at work the other week, I wasn't told about it so I noticed it when I opened my pay check which took me by surprise.
HAVE FUN WITH MY KIDS IN PARK LAST SUNDAY.
I was feeling very happy when I got the project in Gurgaon city in same job. Because, I was able to live with my family daily (Kids, wife and parents). It was like coming back to happiest place in the earth. As earlier, I was doing job in Chandigarh and was visiting my family only over the weekends.
Drinking a ginger tea , that's all there is , this week hasn't been very exciting or happy , in fact it's been rather tiring and stressful but it's fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.
Going out to a nice dinner with my boyfriend at our favorite restaurant last weekend made me feel happy. 
Being with my family on Easter day.
I won 5000$ in the lottery.
I went to New York City over Spring Break and visited the Statue of Liberty. It made me very happy because I know she was placed their to welcome people of each ethnicity.
I was able to meet and hang out with my dearest best friend whom I hadn't seen in over a year.
My compost pile finally started to steam.
A little over two months ago, I held my baby nephew for the first time.
I was very happy watching my daughter perform in her school play.
I got to help a person book a trip to visit his parents whom he had not seen in a long time. 
My wife gave birth to our second son
Seeing Sigur Ros play with the LA Philharmonic at the Walt Disney Concert Hall
One event that made me very happy within the past 3 months was my recent vacation to Florida with my husband.
Last week, my best friend asked me to marry him and I said yes! 
I finally saved up enough money to buy my own car.
A few years ago, I adopted two stray cats. My husband and I were going on an out of town vacation and we asked our son to keep the cats at his place while we were gone. We got a call from our son that a friend of his left his front door open and both cats got out, but he assured us that he was looking for them. We were concerned because that cats were not familiar with the area that our son lived in and they wouldn't return on their own and there were two very busy roads very near to our sons house. Several days passed and cats didn't return. We got home from our trip and my husband and I went to our son's place and walked around the entire neighborhood calling out the cats names. We didn't find them. At 3:00 am the next morning, my son called us to tell us that one of the cats showed up at his door, I was happy to hear that, but still worried about the other cat. At 5:00 am, our son called to tell us that the second cat had returned. That made me very happy.
It made me happy when we took my daughter to visit Washington D.C. over the weekend and she was very interested in everything she got to see.
When I moved into my present apartment in a very traumatic time for me, my manager told me that I did not have to pay rent for next month. 
I finally found the woman who mattered most to me in my life, and so I traveled halfway around the world just to find her again.
I recently got a big raise at work and an opportunity to visit one of our headquarter facilities. This is a big opportunity for future growth as well as immediate growth 
My very anxious dog made friends with a new dog and two new people for the first time in a year.
My 4 year old son came up to me and said Mama I know what karma is. He is bad karma is when you do something bad and bad things come back to you and good karma is when you do something good and good things come back to you. I want good karma.
My nephews, Mason and Max, were able to visit me in March.  We were able to spend two hours playing outside on a very nice day, and I smile about the event a month later.


I'm very sick, and sometimes I'm bed ridden. One day my son comes with his tablet playing the gitchi gitchi goo song from a cartoon. He grabbed my arms and we danced and jammed from bed. It was a special moment that still makes me happy and smile. 
The day that my kids school called and told me that my daughter who has a learning disability passed her math test. I was so happy because she has always struggled in school.
An event that made me happy in the past three months was my thirty third birthday.  It made me happy because my wife went out of her way to make a special meal, and my three year old son was really excited to celebrate.  I think what made me happiest about this event was having my son there with me to celebrate and hearing him sing the birthday song to me.
I was happy when the time change finally went forward, it meant that spring was here and the days were getting longer 
The birth of a heifer calf out of my favorite cow crossed with a new bull.
The day I got promotion in my office and no one get this promotion at this early age. I am so happy when announced my name.
In the past three months a event that made me happy was my son's birthday. It took me back to the day he was born and now when I look at him I see a young man. He is now 13 a teenager which makes me happy to know that he is grown up but, also sad because he is not my little baby boy anymore. We went out to eat, shopping, and had some ice cream which is his favorite treat. He is my first born and will always have a special place in my heart. 
Earlier this year when I graduated with a B.sc. from the university of Lagos. 
Designing my world using an out-of-game tool, for an open-world game I intend to play soon.
Opening day of the season for our local minor league baseball team was two weeks ago. My friends and I were among the 4000+ fans that attended the game. Our team won. It made me happy to experience watch these young men play baseball and be supported by the community. 
I was happy when I got to see my family in the last 3 months. I don't live in the same state as them, and when they come to visit, which they did recently... it makes me very happy! 
I fixed a problem with my computer myself, instead of paying to get it fixed. 
I recently discovered that my broken Xbox was still working. 
I got into a prestigious law school that I had applied to over a lengthy process.
I was very happy when my first great-nephew was born and I got to hold him.
Results on exams were returned and i had passed with an A
There are numerous happy events in my life that I can recall and among those, I would like to talk about the day that I was blessed with a little sister. This was an event that I still recall vividly. I was then only 7-8 years old and when I saw a little angel was crying on my mother's lap, I became the happiest man in the world. I was the only son of my parents and when I heard that I will have another sibling, I got very excited and I was counting days when this brother/ sister of mine will come. I speculated and imagined lots of things I would do with my sibling. The day that my sister came into the world was one of the happiest days of my life.
Whenever I go  over to my parents house my dog greets me. 
Having a Sunday off a couple of weeks ago made me happy because I was able to hang out with my girlfriend and another friend at a few bars and enjoy nice weather. 
Tasting my wife's chocolate and marshmallow cookies. This was especially special because it was the first time we used the oven in our new house.
The day I received a call from my employer saying I was accepted for the job that I had been interviewing for. 
I was able to secure a research scholarship for my proposed topic of $2000.
made a plan for surprise party for my husband on his birthday. and it made him happy so much.
My 14 month-old daughter has been able to speak more and more, and has begun to say 'I love you' to her mother and I.
My happiest moment recently was a few days ago when my daughter took her first steps.
My wife and I decided to try to conceive.
My husband surprised me with tickets to the Newboys concert for our anniversary.  He knows that they are my favorite Christian Rock Band and he surprised me with not only the tickets but invited some family to go with us. 
When I met the guy I'm dating.
On Easter Sunday my cousins came to dinner and I was happy because I haven't seen them in a year.
About a week ago I hit a fitness goal in my yoga practice to be able to complete a pretty advanced set of movements that I never thought my body would be able to do. 
An event that made me happy in the past three months is when my husband was promoted at his job. He was transferred to a different facility with his company, and with that transfer he was automatically promoted to supervisor of his department. 
I finally hooked up with a girl I've been pursuing for a few weeks.
It was having lunch with my family for my fathers birthday
My boyfriend got me some very thoughtful gifts for my birthday and my sons helped me open them.
I made my first wage in life ever of $4.
I've finished university after 3 years of studies.
Three weeks ago, after 17 years of being in a relationship following a divorce from my childhood sweetheart while I was ripping apart the (rusty, 20+ year old) barbecue grill I'd gotten as a wedding gift from my first marriage, I felt as if a spell had broken, I realized I could marry the man I love the next day in a civil ceremony the next day. 
i was ecstatic when i received a call back from my first legal interview saying i got the internship over the summer to work directly with a federal judge. 
My girlfriend and I are dogsitting and she is a dog lover.  She will often look at the dog we are looking after and burst out laughing and say "I just love him!"  It makes me smile to watch her get so much joy from this small interaction.
My boyfriend got an amazing and stable job as a mechanical engineer.
Back in February, I went to visit my nieces and watch them play basketball.  I do not get to see them often and so I was excited and amazed at how much they had grown and how well they played.  we all went out for pizza after and it was nice to spend time with them.
The happiest moment of the last 3 months was when I knew I had won a scholarship to attend an important school of psychotherapy
I recently purchased my first home in the town I was raised in.
When I recently asked my fiance to marry me. We both started crying.
One Month ago, one morning just beyond daybreak, I was snug in my bed, blankets tucked under my chin, sleeping the sound, deep, dreamless, sleep that comes upon a mother of two toddlers. When, suddenly, my left eyelid was peeled back from my eyeball. "It's a happy day!" 
I started a new job that I have wanted to do for a long time and I really enjoy it.
I've been living in the middle of the US for my school, but I'm from California.  One of the happiest times in the past three months was visiting a beach for the first time in over a year.  With the weather kind of cold and windy, the sky gray and the waves strong, I could just wiggle my toes in the wet sand and let the small wave lap up against my ankles. 
I was happy when my youngest brother was excited to see me and was telling me about his day. He ran over and gave me a hug too. 
It made me happy when I took the dog to the park and he came when I called him.
I finally lost the first ten pounds of the twenty pounds I set out to lose as my New Years Resolution. 
This event is big to me . One day at the very beginning of February   I had a conversation with a stranger , someone about my age  a peer . I hadn't really been honest about  or up-front about my feelings about my life with anyone until that day . Before this I was breaking out into hives every third day , I always was in the ER for something  , I felt like a gorilla was sitting on my chest .  After that day It felt like that gorilla was gone . I don't break out into hives , I have clarity and my future looks brighter.
I was finally able to book our Disney World family vacation that included free dining.
I received a nice birthday gift in the mail from a friend.
Last weekend, despite miserable weather I placed 3rd in my golf league tournament.
I found out my nephew was greatly improving his reading comprehension in school.
In the past 3 months, an event that made me happy was going out with my husband for Valentine's Day weekend. 
The hand cart I ordered to help me move heavy objects arrived.
My roommates and I went to a bonfire and spent the day together. 
Being able to take a girls vacation to Florida.
The day I entered therapy. It was a big step as I have been struggling with anxiety for a very long time. the day i started therapy made me so extremely happy. It was the first step to finally getting healthy and starting to be able to enjoy things again.
I weighed myself this morning and I am 10 pounds down from January 1st.
I just recently finished writing my graduate thesis and successfully defended my thesis, which means that I get to graduate next month. I will have my Master's degree.
The day my son started pre-school made me so happy and proud to see how big he is getting.

A week ago they gave me the registration of my first company.
When I was reunited with my girlfriend after not seeing each other for months
My sister finally stood up for herself to her husband after I had encouraged her to do so for the last seven years.
I spent the all night into the early morning hours talking about life with my significant other, laughing, and listening to music. 
It made me very happy to walk without crutches again, and to find that my leg healed quickly from there.
The day we went to the zoo for my daughter's second birthday.
Two months ago I gave birth to my first child and when he finally came out I felt a burst of happiness and love.
Visiting my sister in Florida.
I was sitting at my desk at work, and my boss came by with a beautiful plant and card for me, to celebrate Administrative Professionals Day.
Persona 5, a video game in a long running series that my wife and I adore, was released.
in march my adult daughter and her three children arrived to my home for an extended visit
Easter this year, my family gathered together to celebrate.  It was a wonderful day filled with egg hunts, good food and great people.  Took so much joy in watching all the kids play together.  My heart was extremely happy!
My wife had surgery two weeks ago on her back and now she is pain free which makes me happy.
Last month I made a record sale of goods i sell for the first time in the history  of my 5year business. 
I just went on vacation to visit my best friend and her husband in North Carolina
The other day I went to pick my children up from daycare and my 9 month old daughter shrieked in excitement as soon as she saw me, came crawling over to me quickly and pulled herself up on my hands to snuggle into me.  
I was happy when I got a promotion and raise.
Last week I talked with my grandmother who I had not talked for few months.
I recently got into the program of my choice in college. I have been looking for a program to fit into for awhile now and I am so happy that I finally found one.
I found a crepe stand at the downtown train station that makes gluten free French crepes for Celiac people like me!
I recently gave my granddaughter gift cards for her to pick out her own clothes, for her Birthday.
 Her parents said that was best because she really had too much stuff.
 This way she could pick out what she liked.
 I gave her three for different stores. I try to respect the wishes of my son and his wife in regards to gifts, yet I tend to spoil my granddaughter at times regardless. This time I did only give her the gift cards along with one gift she could open up. I love giving her gifts and watching her open them. A few days ago my granddaughter Face Timed me after her and her mother went shopping, and she showed me all the clothes she picked out and bought with the gift cards I gave her she was so happy and had such a fun day of shopping. She told me she loved me and thanked me so much for all her new clothes and told me what a fun day she had. Things like this make me happy. It was special that she didn't just say thanks but actually showed me each and every piece she got and she was so excited. It was priceless and really made me happy. 
Getting engaged
One event that made me happy was when I finally had given birth to my baby.
I recently took a group of my students to the Holocaust Memorial Resource and Education Center. My students toured the facility, asked many questions, and really learned a lot from the experience. I was so proud of some of the conversations they had with one another.
I was very happy I was able to take my family to Washington State. The company that I work for is base in Washington. As part of my bonus, they gave my family free trip to anywhere in the US. We're all very happy!
I finished my fourth year thesis which I has been working on for 16 months
My boyfriend got a job in my city and moved here with me so we are no longer in a long-distance relationship anymore!
My best friends from middle school got married after being together on and off for over ten years.
My cat was diagnosed with kidney failure, but through lots of treatment and care, she is recovering. Her vet said it was a miracle! 
I worked really hard to throw a birthday party for my son.  When he first saw it, his eyes lit up, and he told me how beautiful it all was.  
Hiked to the mt fitz roy viewpoint and the weather was spectacular even though the forecast said itd be awfully 
a very happy moment was like 3 months ago when my country's national football team sub 20 obtained the pass to the word cup.
Me and my husband was finally able to afford a car after going 3 months without transportation.
I interviewed for a job with my college, after many months of searching for an internship. My happy event was getting the phone call that I received the position.
I was happy when my truck broke that I was able to get it fixed right away. 
Something that made me happy was talking to my good friend. 
I went on a week vacation to Florida with my family.
An event that made me happy recently is when my sister announced that she was having a baby.
I met friends for lunch outside during a long workday. 
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months, is when I got promoted to a higher position in my company. 
I had a great job interview and they seemed really impressed. It boosted my confidence since I've been striking out a lot lately.
I was promoted at my first job out of college.
Watching my son play sports and actually being good at it.
I went to a certification class that had been described as "tricky" by everyone I had talked to about it, and I passed the practical on my very first try.
I was very happy when my boyfriend bought me all the Catan expansions for my birthday. We stayed up and played all the expansions on Friday night, and invited friends over to play on Saturday. 
Had my daughters baptism occurred 3 months ago where we had a huge celebration. 
I purchased a new pickup truck.
In March I took part in the Ides of March postcard campaign to let President know how I think he is handling the responsibilities of office; I felt my voice was being heard, and that I was able to do something that matters.
I was happy when I first listened to Kendrick Lamar's new album.
I was really looking for a job for a really long time and finally got an interview ans that made me happy.
When i saw i got approves for mturk.
An event that made me happy was when my husband and I went on a double date to the Four Seasons Resort with our close friends.
I swallowed my pride and sought the psychiatric help I've long needed to treat my anxiety and depression.
The event that made me happy would be when our son visited us from Auburn Alabama! He attends classes and is a assistant teacher there, I am close to my family, so when we get together it is an awesome feeling!
Recently I had a break-in at my home and my homeowner's policy has been a huge pain during the process.  Out of nowhere, a good friend texted me to see how things were going because I hadn't been posting on social media.  About an hour of a text conversation with silly jokes and gifs really made me happy that day.
Getting hired at a company that I really wanted to work for. I worked so hard and put so much effort into obtaining the position when I was told your hired I was extremely happy for days.
One event that made me happy recently was when I took my son to take his Pre SAT.
I took my dog Bear to the Cleburne State Park to take pictures in the bluebonnets.  It made me happy to be in a place that held past memories, and to make new ones.  
I was very happy when I adopted a new dog. 
The last event that made me super happy was leaving my old apartment, and moving into the one I live in currently.
I was named the Artist of the Year for the town I teach in.
Today is Administrative Professionals Day, and the owner of the company that I work for surprised me and sent a beautiful bouquet of flowers to my office.  
find a job while i was on vacation on another country without my parents and boyfriend
My mother telling me how proud she is of me made me very happy, she is one of my biggest role models and her acknowledgement made me feel special. 
When I bought a brand new truck for the first time in my life.
My childhood friend visited me. When she got married, she went to live in Florida with her husband and I don't have the money to travel all the way out there when I live in Oregon. It just felt really good to see her again because I've known her since we were kids and she knows me probably more than anybody. The familiarity felt really nice! 
One event that made me happy recently was getting a perfect score on my college midterm paper as I worked very hard on it. 

Being with my daughter when she turned 11 years of age.  It is a total joy for me to see that she is growing up healthy and happy with a lot of friends.
An event that made me extremely happy was my oldest son's fourth birthday party, in which many of his preschool friends showed up.
My step-son got married.
I was asked to speak at a professional conference and received very positive feedback from my boss following my presentation.
I took a walk down my favorite trail on a beautiful sunny day and took photos of the scenery.
The day when my wife became pregnant.
I was able to purchase a new car recently; it was an exciting day that made me happy.
I bathed in rain yesterday.
When a friend of mine texted all of us that he works with to say that him and his wife just had their first baby born yesterday!
l I made a window seal pal from paper to cheer me. 
The day my family joined as members of our new church.
I was fishing on opening day and caught a very nice trout.
About a month ago I took a pregnancy test and it was positive after almost a year of trying. 
I was finally able to purchase a new bow front aquarium.  
I got a call about a phone interview for a co-op.
Our homes are an extension of who we are: what we do within the walls of our abodes shapes our mood, affects our productivity, and influences our outlook on life. Scientific studies have shown that we can have an impact on our happiness by adjusting the tiny little habits and routines that constitute our daily lives a we are, in fact, in control of our outlook on life.
Spending time with a couple of good friends who I hadn't seen in several months.
The event that made me happy was a memorial service for an uncle where I was reunited with relatives I hadn't seen for years.  There were sad moments but deep connections and reflections made.
I helped a classmate acknowledge that their hard work was paying off and to be less self-critical.
Seeing my four year old son make progress in his writing and reading has made me really happy these past three months.
i meet my old friend
The happiest event I had was visiting friends in North Carolina two months ago. The event was because I could be myself around them with no judgements. We could talk freely, laugh, be goofy, and have fun. 
When I paid my truck off and owned it free and clear.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months actually occurred a few days ago when my favorite hockey team, The Washington Capitals won Game 6 of their opening round playoff series against the Toronto Maple Leafs in overtime to advance to the second round of the playoffs.
After several years, I met John my colleague in my previous company, last week and we had a coffee time together; made me really happy.
My dog finally came to live with my husband and I, he was living with my parents while we prepared a place for him. 
I won a trip to Japan as   the first  prize for an essay competition.
Last semester I took seven classes and passed all of them with straight A's.
I finally started receiving many referrals after quite a longtime.
just one month back i have participated a cricket tournament where i have scored good score. so that our team won that tournament an specially i have received man of the match. i was so happy at that moment to till today
Got an awesome reward on a video game.
Reaction of my parents and friends after the declaration of MCA  Result.


I heard my children laughing as they played tag with each other.
I'm terrified of storms. We've had some severe weather in the last month headed our way and I prayed about it. I watched on the radar as it broke up and went north and south of me and it fizzled out.
Each year, hundreds of trees grow because squirrels forget where they buried their food.
My son is searching for a good job since long. He got a good job in a MNC last month, this news made me and my family very happy.
I was hired for a job, part time over the summer, teaching paddle boarding.  Last summer I had trained very hard to attain my level of expertise, and this year a company that I hold in high esteem asked be to become a member of their teaching staff. 
I went on a hiking trip in the Grand Canyon.
eating good 
I made a lot of money today
I celebrated Easter with my family.
I got a new job.
I didn't step on the scale for months, i finally did and lost 
I saw a harbor seal colony on the beach.
I lost weight.
I went to lunch with my grandparents at a chinese restaurant 
I have been able to practice on my university football team's practice field
Celebrating one of my closest friend's birthday made me happy.
I celebrated with my sister and her husband when they got married in March.
I bought a new car.
I got a new car.
I found a new coffee.
Going on a bike ride with my wife. 
My son fell in love with a silly song I played for him, and kept singing it all day. 
I watched the season premiere of The Americans, which I had anticipated for over a month.
My daughter smiled
I finally reached a milestone that I have been working for in a video game for the past month.
i got a new cell phone that i had been looking forward to being released
I got a new job that pays better.
I learned how to make Israeli-style hummus, because I'd missed tasting it a lot. 
I just got back my tax refund today!
Finally heard back from a referral I was sent to to see a specialist.
I got a tattoo on the bottom of my foot and felt euphoria, both from the sensation of the needle and the fact that I was surrounded by many of my close friends.
I got tickets to a trip to Michigan for the summer or maybe longer.
My son got an A on a big exam.
We went and ordered my sons birthday cake and bought the last of his presents for his birthday.
Had an awesome weekend in Seattle seeing a really good band at this little venue with my significant other. We also ate some great food and drank some delicious beers. 
My father won 100,000 in a lottery. 
Seeing my wife's ultrasound made me real happy because I got to see my child.
"Feeling a Moment" is a song by Welsh rock band Feeder, from their 2005 album Pushing the Senses. It was released as the second single from the album, and reached #13 in the UK Singles Chart and #32 in Australia. At the end of 2005, it was voted 98th best song of the year by the readers of Q Magazine.[1] Upon release of the single, the album's sales increased significantly in the wake of the single's presence on Radio 1's A-list.
I made over $40 in a day on mturk for the first time.
After almost a year apart getting to see my sister that lives in another country.
My church called an additional pastor to target the college and young singles in our area.
I found out that i had a bigger income tax refund than I expected.
I spent the day with my girlfriend at a picnic.
I was surprised with the amount of my tax refund because it's so big compared before
Meeting up with my girlfriend and her parents at the park and just talking about life in general.
I attended a professional soccer match with my brother and a friend.
I WENT ON A TRIP TO SEE THE GRAND CANYON IN ARIZONA AND RAFTED THE COLORADO RIVER. I HAD A WONDERFUL TIME.
I spent the day with my son on a very fun family outing.
My Mom came to visit me, during my work break. It was awesome. 
Taking my Dad's boat out fishing in the Puget Sound with my Dad and my Brother-in-law.
I got approved for mturk. I was really happy because due to my illness, i have problem working my normal job. and needed to make some money. 
I went to a club to watch my friend's band play live.
An event that made me feel happy within the last three months was when I got to take my parents out to dinner.  I have moved away from my parent's house for quite some time now, so I really enjoy it when I get to see them in person and just talk about how life is going.
kissing my girlfriend
My dad bought me lunch and took me to his work which i had never seen before.
I found a cat in my apartment building and was able to locate it's owner fairly quickly. 
I got a good raise in my salary because of my promotion.
I made my favorite turkey chili for lunch 
I got a ton of gifts for my birthday from my girlfriend
Last week my son who is nine years old and is attending his 3rd elementary school due to all our moving was nominated student of the month. 
Always making the right choices, a great friend to others, and working hard! 
Hanging out with my kids all weekend brought a lot of joy to me over the previous weekend.
I was happy when my son received his college diploma.
I bought a Nintendo Switch
I got home from a long day of work and burned some logs in our fire pit outside. 
when everyone in my family is getting along. that makes me happy
I made some really tasty banana bread.
My son began to read not too long ago and that really makes me happy. 
I had a very filling breakfast this morning because I woke up early.
I finished my taxes and got them turned in on time.
I got approved for a new credit card. Been working hard to get my credit back on track and it is finally paying off.
A book that I wrote made it on to a hot new releases chart on Amazon.
I was happy when I went to Six Flags last weekend.
I finally was able to target the lower abs directly through exercise, after weeks of being unable to.
I'm back on track with my diet. 
I hit 10lb lost after a month of eating almost nothing but chicken and salad.
I visited New York City for the first time.
I hooped outside in the sun.
I found some very decent e-liquid on sale for a fantastic price at the local vape shop today.
15 days back me and my friends are went to the my friend marriage and we enjoyed a lot 
recently, I celebrated my brother's birthday. it was a small gathering including my parents and husband. am so happy that moments in my life
I got my tax refund check in the mail. 
I got a check for $30 in the mail for a class action lawsuit for my computer's graphic card. I had completely forgotten about it, and received it in the mail two days ago. I was pleasantly surprised.
i buy a fire tv and a fire stick for my 2 tvs.
I reconnected with a good friend I hadn't spoken to in a long time.
My daughter and I went scuba diving the day before Easter on an underwater Easter egg hunt and won a few nice prizes.
My cat was extra nice to me. He cuddled and purred like crazy , this is not typical of his personality.
Being accepted to the college I wanted so I can start a new degree made me extremely happy.
My son got three a's on his report card
The other weekend, i helped my mom put some of her custom artwork on etsy. She has been talking about setting up a shop for months so it was really nice to help her actually do it.
I went to opening day for the Colorado Rockies with my grandson. It was a sunny day in Colorado and we the Rockies won. 
Leaving my horrible job to pursue something better
I went to visit my brother and father in another state last weekend.
I went to a very fun surprise Birthday party for my best friend.
I enjoyed Easter dinner at home with family.
I saw my niece for the first time, ever.
I was made extremely happy by visiting my parents who live 2,000 miles away by getting to know and understand them better two months ago.
I went to my work golf tournament and had a great time
Flying to Morocco with my husband so that he could see his father who is currently very ill with kidney disease made me happy because there had been a rift between them.  By getting them together again, I feel as if the old wounds were healed and if his father dies, my husband can at least have closure from the ill-will that has been between them for more than 10 years. 
Finishing the annual audit work.
A family member avoided a medical emergency.
I did some coding for one of my websites.
I paid off some bills.
Going hiking up Canfield Mountain with my dog Finley yesterday in the beautiful spring air. It was amazing to be out seeing the trees begin to grow leaves and seeing the green come back on the mountain. It was beautiful and it is humorous and joyous watching Finley go crazy on the mountain.
I went on a road trip to Miami with some friends of mine and spent a few days there. 
I was able to locate and move into a great apartment on an awesome side of town, very close to my job!
My old car is in good condition and it still runs great.  It only has 100,000 miles on it and good for another couple hundred at least.  The body (paint) and inside is in excellent condition, too.   It makes me happy that I don't have to make a car payment and it is reliable.  I do take care of it because it is important to me.
I played frisbee in the park with some friends. 
I took a four hour nap a couple of weeks ago. It was fabulous! 
I bought a new car.
Making a really good dinner of Singapore noodles from a recipe.
When I got a new dog, that made me happy. I had recently lost my dog so members of my family took me to the pound to get a new one. I picked out a pitbull mix who I named Sia. She filled the empty feeling inside of me.
When I was able to help a friend navigate his first car purchase. I helped him navigate the DMV and how to purchase insurance and the costs that one incurs by buying a car. He thanked me over and over for helping him because he didn't know half the stuff that goes into buying a car/
I met an amazing girl who I think really likes me.
I played a show in Philadelphia, and everyone was really nice and open with me.
My best friend drove 4 hours to come and see me for the day all because I told that I missed her.
I had a really good workout at the gym today.
I placed an order for an acne treatment that I have been wanting.
Watching my son play baseball.
My son made honor roll at school. 
I was able to finally buy my car after 6 months being without
I got my garden started for the year. The thought of having fresh food growing always makes me happy.
I was happy the day that my son got first place on a history project
i went to a back yard barbecue and was surprise to see a long time friend.
 I felt a strong urge to kiss this little fairy child. She was so beautiful and adorable that I thanked God for the gift. My mother asked me to hold her and kiss her but I was afraid to touch her as I thought that might hurt her. I felt like I was flying on that day. My mother gave birth of the baby in a hospital and I was so happy and attached to the event that I denied returning home at night.
I earned my first $100 on MTurk, and made my first transfer into my banking account.
I found some buckets for my garden that I needed and they were very cheap.
Hit a personal goal for time of running a mile this is a small thing to most people or they may not care but have had health trouble of late and this was a great feeling for me.
I won a 50$ Amazon gift card. It was a long time ago that I almost forgot. In the morning, I received an email from Amazon to announce the price. It makes me happy all day
Last month, my family hold a birthday party for my daddy. Well, this is a great family celebration. This party included 5 people: my dad, my mom, younger sister and younger brother and me
i got a new laptop
I relaxed while smoking a good cigar.
I went for a run today and actually broke my best time record
Buying a corvette CASH!!! It was truly a blessing, I got an incredible price drop, since I don't have to finance it! 
Happiness is a mental or emotional state of well-being defined by positive or pleasant emotions ranging from contentment to intense joy.[1] Happy mental states may also reflect judgements by a person about their overall well-being.[2] A variety of biological, psychological, economic, religious and philosophical approaches have striven to define happiness and identify its sources. Various research groups, including positive psychology and happiness economics are employing the scientific method to research questions about what "happiness" is, and how it might be attained.
I was able to spend time with my boyfriend, and in a rather cute way.
An event that made me happy in the past three months involved me taking a vacation to the beach for a week and enjoying my time there. 
Took my 85 year old father-in-law on a trout fishing and camping trip with my son and he had a blast.
made love to my wife
I got to spend a wonderful afternoon at the local park where many festivities for families and their kids, lot's of delicious smelling food vendors, and all things related for the inauguration of Spring were being held.
I got sent a check for a fair amount of money that I had forgotten about
I moved to a new apartment.  
I was given a pizza by a room mate because he bought too much for just himself.
Last week I did sleep training with my seven month old son. Since that time he had slept through the night and naps very well.
My roommate was very thoughtful and got me a gift for my birthday, even though he couldn't really afford it.
I skyped my parents who were in Canada.
A big event happened in the show series I'm currently watching that had a lot of build up.
Seeing the look on my kid's face when she bought her something she had wanted for awhile.
I recently received a pay raise at my job that really excited me because I was recognized for all my heart work and dedication  I put into my work place.
I went to Phoenix, Arizona to visit a very close friend.
My boyfriend and I went out to a sushi restaurant to celebrate our anniversary.
The good news of the acceptance of a company to get me on board to recover financially.
Won a $20 bonus from an mturk raffle.
When I received notification that an old trinket from my college days sold on eBay, I was elated to finally be rid of something that was valuable but bringing me down emotionally, and glad to have the money.
I found a giant maple tree on my property over the weekend while i was taking a walk.
I face timed my granddaughter on her birthday.  
I sold a story to a magazine.
One of the sites I use to make money besides MTurk accidentally sent me a $50 payment instead of $5 and said I could keep it even if it was a mistake.
My kids medicine and therapy started working
I discovered some new tricks and techniques in a game I like to play.
I went to see my best friend in San Francisco.
On Easter we had the entire family there which made my grandmother very happy (something she rarely is). 
Getting together with some friends for lunch made me happy because it was a very relaxed, fun occasion in a neighborhood restaurant that allowed us to talk quietly and reminisce about some happy times.
When me and my wife went to a special pizza place that we found on our travels that is about an hour away from home. The pizza is one of a kind in taste and there is no place that makes it the way this particular place does.
Went on a week long vacation in a winter resort with my girlfriend and a few friends.
A band came to town that I like and I got to see them with a friend which was cool. 
I watched one of my favorite television shows.
My work finally started giving me the things I needed to get a very large project done.
Attended my friend, Lisa's birthday party earlier this week at one of those paint and wine places.  
My boyfriend and I got back together after breaking up for a month. 
got promoted at my job 
An event that made me happy, last month, was when I went on a five-day Caribbean cruise with my wife. 
I played games.
I was happy when I finished my 10k run 
I started learning how to create a website. 
I went to the open house of an academic program I got into.
I completed a project that I had been working on for a long time.
I went to go hang out with my friends last weekend, and we ended up seeing the new Fast movie.
My wife bought new bike with her savings.
I finished 30 practice questions for my board exam while at work. 
My cat started to get better.
An event  that made you happy in the past 3 months is helping the homeless .
I got extra money in my paycheck for picking up a shift at work.
When I picked up my car from the body shop earlier than expected.
My trivia team won a 500 dollar gift certificate!
My son got a part in the school performance, which he had been hoping for!
I hung out with friends.
Joe and I spending a day all day together, and going for a long walk and talking about the future and life in general.
I went to play baseball with some friends and some strangers. It was good me and my team did really good and won by 12-4.
Watching a really good film that made me feel like I discovered different parts to myself made me feel happy and connected.
I started working for Mturk.
I met my goals for income for the week or month.
Getting praise at work. I had been working really hard on a project and after it was complete I got a lot of recognition. This made me feel really good about myself and motivated to keep working hard. 
made a small campfire in the backyard yesterday, grabbing an ice cold beer and just relax after a hard day of work.
I made a new friend at work. He got hired in about a month ago and we hang out at work and on weekends. He's a cool guy.
Last month the 14th was an amazing day,when me and my family celebrated my cousin's wedding in her house at NEW York City,we are all take a dinner at outside we celebrates that moments a lot
When we cooked for the five cousins who came over on a Saturday to visit our daughter, everyone loved the food and company.
I've been learning sign language on Monday evenings, and have really enjoyed the experience.  I've been learning quite a bit about the deaf culture also.
I got more work than I had planned, so I have a little extra money.
I got a bonus at work.
We got a new dishwasher and it does the dishes as well or better than me.
All my bills are paid off in full.
I planted a beautiful garden in my backyard and the sprouts are starting to appear.
I finally got an office at work so I can have some peace and quiet from my coworkers which made me happy. 
I sold two books immediately after listing them on a website.
I bought a new bicycle for riding around town and commuting to replace my old bicycle which was heavy, slow and too small.
I went fishing and caught a catfish.
I went to dinner with all my family for my birthday at a very nice restaurant.
I moved into my apartment on March 22. My new apartment is much much better than my old one. It is well lit, well maintained, no signs of mold anywhere, and it is spacious. I get along well with my landlord and he doesn't do anything shady which is a huge relief.
I learned about "tulpas," a fascinating mental phenomenon sort of like an imaginary friend.
My girlfriend and I were planning our wedding.
My 4 year old daughter said "I love you Mommy" out of the blue.
my wife and i celebrated our 10 year anniversary.
Watch my youngest play in his first little league game, scored 3 times. Did not strike out and got four outs playing 1st base. 
My friend Francis sent me money to buy my daughter a birthday present
One morning I got a call from a graduate school that I had applied to and found out that I was accepted. 
I felt very happy when I spent the day with my family on Easter.
I mowed my lawn using my neighbor's mower and it was my first time using a manual mower. It's always raining where I live and it was nice to be outside and I also got pretty good exercise out of using the manual mower. It made me want to check out craigslist to see if anyone's needing lawn mowing services just to make a couple bucks on the side and get a good workout in.
I went celebrated my birthday by watching my favorite movie.


Working with my freinds is cool.
I got an unexpected bonus of money from my job.
I successfully snagged 60k more Southwest points (worth ~$800) for $100
I moved bought my first house.
Completing an insurance claim for the first time in my life.
I went to visit my sister in a different state.  She has cancer.  Her cancer is under control.
I was happy when I saved a lot of money on shopping with sale items
I visited my parents this weekend.
Catching the bus and being to work on time made me happy today.
When I was able to spend an entire day just reading a book and watching a few of my favorite shows, it made me very happy because I rarely get to do that.
Completed work probation with flying colors
I watched a new episode of my favorite show.
I started volunteering at the Atlanta Humane Society again.
Spending the Easter holiday with my some of my friends and some of my family.
We got to take our family to visit some long distance family over Easter break, and we all had a great time!
I was able to try out a Mexican restaurant that I had really been wanting to go to for a long time.
I went for a hike with my friends in the woods.
I bought a kitten
I got to hang out with my large group of friends, share a meal, and play some board games together.
 I would like to talk about the day that I was blessed with a little sister. This was an event that I still recall vividly. I was then only 7-8 years old and when I saw a little angel was crying on my mother's lap.
same topic as above. nothing else has made me happy in the past months so i have not much to pick from. but after i took her back we talked about everything. just seeing the love in her eyes and feeling her touch my hand made me so happy i almost fainted.
I was happy when I heard from my niece about a convention she was looking forward to attending.
My best friend Courtney made it to the next round in a stand-up competition. 
Books I released a month ago are starting to sell.
One of my close friends reached her goal of losing 50 pounds in a sane and healthy manner.
I got a raise at work just a few weeks ago. 
I got hired at a new job in a research lab. 
I had a couple of craft beers with two close friends I hadn't seen in a while.
Last weekend, I was able to get a lot of work done that I desperately needed to.
able to go to the gym and rehab my shoulder
For Easter Sunday, I got to dress up as the Easter Bunny and give candy to the kids in my family, which made them all giggle in excitement.
My boss got me a souvenir from his trip.
i had been sick and i finally got to the point where i didn't have to take medicine anymore.
My daughter-in-law finally became pregnant after one year long waiting. 
Finding out my husband got promoted in the military. He works so hard and for it to finally pay off for him meant a lot to me and the kids. 
A small event that made me happy was when I found 2 dollars on the ground a few days ago, which is 2 dollars more than I had before finding it.
I "gambled" in a phone game for an item that I wanted and got that item.
I got a kitten. 
I went to Chicago and hung out with my older brother
I went on a date with an interesting woman.
I found a recipe online that looked delicious; I followed the directions and the dish came out perfect.
I got a new Ford Fusion.
Watching my son hunt for eggs was great but then he shared his eggs with kids who didn't get as many and even helped smaller kids who had trouble picking them up. There aren't words to describe how happy that makes me.
My daughter hugged me before going to bed and told me she was happy she had me as a father. This warmed my heart and made me feel so good as a dad.
Continued planting cool weather crops today I did some beets, lettuce, and cabbage. 
When I got off work on friday for spring break.
I got a bonus at work, which helped me start saving some more money.
Made double my goal on mturk today!
I went out to dinner with my wife and had a great steak with mashed potatoes
I found some shelves I'd been looking for.
 I got a promotion at work and it was unexpected, so I was surprised.
I had a good interview for a job I'm applying for.
getting married
I got to hold a really cute 6-month-old baby at work.
I had a good dinner. I was lazy and ordered out. I ended picking a healthier option for my side, a side of fruit. It was delicious. 
I paid off my credit card debt using my tax return. 
I completed a 50 mile bike ride that was physically and mentally taxing.  
The Trailblazers made the playoffs.
On Amazon Mechanical Turk, I won a 21 dollars bonus for being the only one to correctly guess a percentage amount in a task involving money.
The first time my daughter gave me a hug and kiss without me asking her made me happy.
This past week my baby sister started rolling over and smiling at me. It was very sweet and made me happy. 
My friend and I went to lunch and talked about our college days.
He lets us talk about anything that is on our mind to vent.
I was very happy on Easter day this year because it was my son's first Easter and the memories were great.
One thing that made me happy was going hiking in a place I've always wanted to explore.  It was a tough day long hike but the views and company were great.
During my sisters birthday party when she unwrapped my gift and had the biggest smile on her face.
I have a start-up Sugar Free blog that felt nearly impossible to keep up during the holidays and I just got a message from a follower saying "I am so encouraged by your account, I just found out I have to go completely sugar free, and I had no idea I could still eat so many amazing foods.My pet silky dog spent time.
Making an amazing omelette and muffin breakfast made me quite happy.
I was happy when I washed my car.
I received compliments from my boss
My husband made me a lunch and left it for me to take to work the next day.
A close friend recently got his 90 day chip from AA and it really made me happy to see him get sober. When we somewhat forced him to start going to AA meetings he didn't want to and ranted about it but after 90 days he's not only sober but actually enjoys going to meetings. 
I got a phone call from my best friend before he left for a long military deployment.
I was watching Inside the NBA yesterday and EJ made a terrible Pitbull joke that everyone made fun of.
I was thrilled when I was invited to go to an event with my Aunt that I had forgotten was coming up. 
Last Sunday was Easter. I had some family come into town. We went to my grandmother's house to have a big family Easter lunch. I loved having all of the family reunited and together at least for the weekend.
I visited London and went to many museums.
Sunday after church, my family and I had a great time when we went to the movies and had dinner.
I am finally able and have time to make dinner.
I finally caught a fish after trying almost everyday this season.
My niece finished preschool. 
I stepped on the scale and had lost five pounds. 
Seeing my friend and his family at easter
My wife is on maternity leave for the next few months, I've loved having the whole family home.
I celebrated my two year anniversary with my boyfriend.
I got burger king for lunch. It was really good because I dont normally have the money to eat out much. 
I hung out with some friends and did an Unbreakable/Split double feature.
Getting a raise from work. 
I played outside with my children and we danced in the rain.
I helped my little sister manage her budget with a spreadsheet and begin paying off her debts.
Find birthday wishes for the 1st year of a baby  boy. Make the ... Tweet * My son, you are turning one and it is such a special moment.
I went on vacation with some old friends that I havent seen in awhile
It made me very happy to buy a Windows Tablet with my own money last week.
I went to see Logan, a movie I had been excited to see for months.
Attracting a lot of diff types of bas on the singles site
I paid the remaining balance of a car title loan that I had been making payments on for over a year, and got my title back.
I've almost got my budget figured out
The Walking Dead Season 7 finale was pretty good.
I got got to chit chat with a co worker that I haven't talked to in a while
Last week, I overslept and I got my kids to school an hour late, only to find out that school actually started an hour late that day.
when i have passed a promotion interview that was so great
I was able to go surfing for the first time in a long time about a week ago. 
When my wife actually said she was sorry after a rude comment. (she HARDLY EVER apologizes for anything!)
When my girlfriend passed one of her architecture licensing exams. 
i WAS HAPPY WHEN MY SON NIECES AND NEPHEWS CAME OVER AND WAS PLAYING A GAME. tHE HOUSE WAS FULL OF LAUGHTER.
My daughter and Son in law moved closer to were i lived so we can all experience my daughters pregnancy together.
My baby's 3rd birthday.
Got re-hydrated after being very dizzy and tired over the weekend.
Me and my husband finally got a new garage. 
My son celebrated his 3rd birthday.  We had a big party and it was so fun to see how happy it made him.  I am loving watching him grow and become a fun little boy.
I found $40 in a dirty pair of pants this past weekend
I received a really positive annual review from my boss.
I visited my grandchildren who are five and nine years old.
I went on a hike with friends I hadn't seen in over two years.
I've been playing The Legend of Zelda The Breathe of the Wild and have been loving it so far.
I got a free massage from a massage clinic class. 
I met my girlfriend's dog
I visited with friends I had not seen for a long time over the Easter holiday.
I had a student write to thank me for my work with her in the last semester.
I went to a Christmas party
I received a letter in the mail from my younger brother.
I felt very happy when I finally got to eat my major craving food, which was a burrito that is local only to my hometown. 
I had an entire weekend that I could dedicate to spending time alone with my long distance boyfriend.
I had a nice evening spent with my mom who has a birthday today. She received gifts from her coworkers which she enjoys very much.
I watched a funny movie.
I picked up my dog from day care. He was excited to see me.
Another event was playing Overwatch with my close friends.
I had Easter dinner with my family.
It made me happy to find out that my grand daughter id finally in remission from her cancer.
I ended up getting my dream car. I always wanted a jeep wrangler and i was able to get the same one my dad had when I was a kid. Every day i feel closer to him. 
When someone from a bigger professional background appreciated me on my promotion recently. Being a geek, not being emotional person; this event is so close to my heart.
I made 50 dollars on mturk!
I WENT TO MY UNCLE HOME. BECAUSE MY SISTER BIRTHDAY CELEBRATION. I PRESENTED WATCH ON THE RING. SO ALL OF MY RELATIVES SAID ITS AMAZING GIFT. I FEEL HAPPY FOR MY SELECTION. 
My brother bought his first house, so now he has room for me to come visit.
I dog-sat for the funniest Bichon about a month ago. He is really silly and weird in the best possible way.
I just got hired for a new job and I'm very excited.
I went on a night drive with one of my buddies down the coast of San Diego. 
While doing some normal shopping, I noticed a product I had been saving for was on sale so I bought it early.
I planted my garden for summer!
Finished watching the full season of Luke Cage.
It may seem small, but there was a day a few weeks ago that was simply terrible and my significant other came home and surprised me with four Americanos (my favorite drink) from Starbucks. 
When we got our new puppy Jax 8 weeks ago.  We saw a picture of him on facebook and went to go look at him and instantly fell in love.  Our other dog Dexter was excited about him too which made it even better.
I got a refund from a store for a purchase that I wasn't happy with.  Customer service was excellent that made me very happy!
My fiance had been really sick recently and I was very worried about her. This morning, I just discovered that she was making a recovery and felt a lot better. It removed stress from my life and made me happy knowing that she is improving. 
My husband and I went out on a date alone for the first time in months.
I received my blood work from the doctor and all the results were good.
I finally found new, responsible and dependable tenants for my rental home.
I watched my daughter dance on St. Patrick's Day in front of her entire school.  
My daughters first birthday.
I was given my favorite burrito for lunch.
Driving fast around a corner, screeching the tires.
I was very happy when my sister told me that my niece was making an effort to eat less sugar and eat more fruits and vegetables because of the impact I had on her.
Exchanging small talk with a new immigrant today and they told me, in their best English: "You have a nice country."
My girlfriend and I got a new cat today.
I managed to buy me a very sturdy and heavy duty work bench that I wanted for a long time.
My son won many certificates and prizes in annual day function
I was happy when my stocks went up today.  I had been a bit nervous about them for a while.
i got a new car that i had been after.
I took a week off from my job so I could have some personal time for myself.
I saved enough money to pay off my student loan and paid it off.
My dad finally realized his depression and is starting to look for a job again and get a check up on his health. 
getting a new puppy
My best friend and I then went on a road trip together and saw the pacific ocean together for the first time!
They brought back my favorite pie at the local Costco. 
My family and I took a vacation to Florida for a week in Orlando.
I went to go ride go-karts with my fiance. I hadn't ridden go-karts in years and it was exhilarating.
Got blood work back and had lab results that were good.
A member of my favorite Kpop group, who has been in service in the Korean army for the last 21 months, was discharged today.
I went to dinner with my partner to a very nice restaurant on Valentine's Day.  We rarely do this.
Going on a road trip with my dad to a few different national parks was a great time.
I started my weight loss journey and everyday I'm getting healthier and stronger.
I labored through the day but got 2 small mowers repaired and serviced, and I did an oil change and intsalled a new battery on my big riding mower.
I spent the evening with my daughter
A friend took me out to a show for my birthday.
The day my child told me she wanted to participate in the school science fair.  She seems to be pretty interested in math and science for now (early elementary) and I am hoping to encourage that for as long as possible.
I finished my taxes and discovered I did not owe any more money and will actually get a refund.
I sold a big batch of drum skins to an event organizer.
My latest birthday made me happy.
Watching a video on YouTube of Whose Line is it Anyway, which Richard Simmons as guest.  It made me laugh ridiculously hard.  
The day I paid off my biggest debt
I was able to take a nap, which I haven't done in a long time.
I got to attend a Survivor talk show and meet some of my favorite Survivors.
Watching my children collect Easter eggs brought a smile to my face. 
Came home and was able to see my parents after a very long time, and they looked super nice!
I checked out my favorite author's latest book, Vinegar Girl by Anne Tyler, and thoroughly enjoyed it.
We went to dinner to celebrate an anniversary. 
I got paid early for some work this week, I needed the money
I got a puppy and he is bringing me more joy than I ever thought possible!
I was having lunch with my little niece the other day and she turned to me out of the blue and said that she loved me. It made me very happy.
Having spring arrive after an unusually harsh winter.
I signed up for Amazon Turk and got paid five dollars to test out a music app. It was really fun to do and the payment was just a nice icing on the cake. I think part of the happiness came from thinking that someone was able to find my advice a little bit useful. Another part of my happiness was due to the fact that the app was actually good and it reminded me of going to parties and listening to music. 
I joined a new social media platform and made some new friends.
I finally got my tax refund check and it's a nice sizable amount. I'm going to use the refund to go on a vacation with my wife.
When a friend I had not spoken to for around six months finally called and came over, I was happy.
Finishing my schedule for next year's classes
I gave a burger to a hungry man.

Last week I had waffles for 3 meals in one day
Watched a very exciting baseball game in person on opening day.
I would have to say it is 2 days ago when i finally sleep with a girl that i always wanted to sleep with ever since we where young.I ways liked her and she liked me but we just never found the time to do it.
We moved into our new house and I love it!
Spending a day at the San Diego zoo and getting to see the pandas, one of the most sought after exhibits in the world.
I finally got a pair of new glasses, that has helped me .
i visited abroad regarding job basis
I made a smoothie today!
I went for a nice run on the boardwalk.
Getting to spend Easter with my grandchildren. Watching them laugh, play and getting to snuggle with them.
The trinket that my 93-year-old grandma sent me to sell on ebay made a nice profit.
I had an important work meeting yesterday and was delighted to hear most of my co-workers saying they should have voted for Hilary Clinton and were wrong to think a female couldn't be a good leader.
I visited my old school after a very long time last week and was really happy to meet my old teachers who had taught me at that time.
My girlfriend was came to visit me on a very important day. It made me feel loved.
I got a boyfriend.
I was happy when I played board games with new friends.
I helped my daughter complete a big project for school.
I got to play with a dog for a night. 
I got a job promotion.
An event that made me happy was witnessing a veteran co worker being promoted.
I took my girls out for pizza the other night and it was really fun.
One of my husband's work colleagues admitted to my husband that he finds me extremely attractive and told my husband he's a lucky man to have such a hot wife. 
I got a good grade on a test that I studied a lot for so my efforts paid off. 
my old friend contact me for cooperate on bussiness
Having very, very understanding friends, which accepted a delay of at least 1.5 hours due to my crying baby.
I beat the game I had been playing for a while. It got very tough at the end but I was finally able to finish it. 
In the past 3 months I also started up on my medication again. 
My a cappella group recorded an album.
I meet up with a friend and we hanged out. 

Last month I was on the island of Oahu and the North Shore had perfect wave conditions that made for fun surfing.
An old friend from out of town paid me a surprise visit.
One of my students wrote me a kind note thanking me for my help.
Something that made me happy recently was continuing to be financially independent to a degree.
The kids surprised me with fountain for the front garden.  
I discovered a hidden pathway travelled by some water in a stream in a forest.
I visited my family for Easter
I was walking in my garden today because I didn't have to go to work (haha) and I saw my rosebush was getting huge and it has a ton of roses on it. It was so beautiful. 
Last month, my daughter went on the big girl potty for her first time. This made me extremely happy as I have been buying pull ups the last year and now I no longer have to! 
The day I eloped with my husband.
I got a prospect for a large freelance writing project.
Discovering chocolate mint and having my tiny seedling absolutely thrive so I can now use it in tea, cookies and ice cream.
I was able to get all my work done today.  I felt productive.
I found five dollars on the side of the path of the lake I was walking around.
An event that made me happy was when I took my toddler and dog to the park on Easter a few days ago. We found a nearby stream and they splashed in it together for about an hour.
Overhearing my 4 year old son doing simple addition after playing an educational game for the previous few days.
It made me happy to see one of my favorite bands in concert because I got a great seat and it was really entertaining to me. 
I got a great deal on a lawn mower, which I was in sore need of as the weather warms and I need to start doing yardwork.
It was the day where i bought a new  car..it was my dream to  buy a  car... it was such a great feeling for me.. a long ride with my family and felt very happy . i have done a lot of  work  to achieve  this.. am very proud of what i have done.. my hard works deserves.. thanks god for blessing me . this make my day very happy.!!
I bought a new computer.  It was very nice.  I also got a good price for it.  I felt really pleased.
My friend came to visit me.
My sister had a baby and i held the little guy for the first time in the hospital.
I had a good meal, with my family. I had my two sons and my mother there, and we ate together, and we haven't done that in years.
I got to spend time with my Family for easter
I looked up my 401k info last week and found out I had a lot more money in it than I thought so I might have a better retirement than I thought.
When my dad gave me an orchid as a Valentine's gift.
I finished reading a very good book.
A less-than-favorite co-worker announced that he was quitting.
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.

Adopting a cat from the shelter.
I took my family to the park and we had a great time playing and exploring.
I watched Breaking Bad.
I was happy when I met my girlfriend in Ecuador.
I was happy the day I went to pick up my new puppy because I had been planning for him for months and was so excited to finally pick him up.
I visited my family over a long weekend.  It had been several months since I had seen them.  As the only person in my immediate family that lives out of town, coming home is special.
About 2 months ago, I was very happy at my daughter's first birthday party.  We ended up having more people come to the party than anticipated, and it was a great feeling of support and love.  We went through a lot to have her, so her 1st birthday was a big milestone to me, as well as a happy  moment seeing all of the people who cared for us and had been there for us when we went through difficult times in trying to have her.  It was a very fun and positive day.  And she also looked adorable all dressed up and I got a kick out of watching her eat her first cake.
I purchased some new clothes for my girlfriend.
I went to a concert for my favorite band. It was so amazing.
It made me happy when I was invited to my brother's house for Easter.
Having my class cancelled and getting to sleep in.
before a month in my work place they had competition regarding the hidden talents of the employees.i was participating in it and won a jackpot in drawing competition.It was a really proud moment for me and also they rewarded me with a bonus.
I was able to buy my cousin an iPad after her having a years old cheap tablet.
I went on vacation to Florida.
I went on a pub crawl with a good friend I hadn't really been out in months and we had a really good time.
I went with my fiancA(c)s parents to show them our wedding venue and to start planning the layout and details. We spent all morning together starting to think about ideas and then went out for brunch together. I was so happy thinking about the wedding and also just being able to spend time with them. They truly are my parents too.
My wife came home with my favorite snack, Moose Tracks.
Summer vacation. It was a long journey to Ooty from Delhi, but we thoroughly enjoyed it. We reached Mettupalayam by train. From there we took another train for Wellington. This journey, in the little mountain railway, was quite exhilarating and unforgettable.


During the journey we saw breath-taking scenes of Nigeria hills and forests. There were my maternal uncle, aunt, their little daughter Jasmine and 2 attendants to receive us at the station. We were overjoyed to see and meet one another.

The following day, and then on the week-end, we visited Ooty. On both these visits we enjoyed the beauty, freshness, food walking, horse-riding and excursions. Situated at the height of 2,286 meters on Nigeria hills, Ooty is a very popular and famous hill resort of South India. It is in the state of Tamil Nadu. Full of rich tourist- activities and possibilities round the year, Ooty was discovered in 1819 by the then collector of Combater, an Englishman, Mr. John Sullivan. He constructed his summer residence there. He was the first man to do so. He was soon followed by numerous other Englishmen. It then became the summer seat of Provincial Government of Madras.
The temperate coolness attracts a large crowd of people from nearby areas, provinces and distant parts of the country. Originally it belonged to the Toads, a hill tribe which still lives in the Nigeria Hills. This "Queen of the Hill Stations" is full of nice outdoor activities like hiking, boating, fishing, horse-riding, long walks, excursions and shopping. There is a big and wonderful botanical garden in the very heart of the town. It has more than 600 varieties of exotic plants and trees. We visited the botanical garden and then enjoyed boating in the lake.

We went to Deadbeats Peak in our uncle's car. From there we had an excellent panoramic view of the plains below. Is the highest point and boasts the height of 2,638 meters. There is also a telescope for the viewing pleasure of the tourists. We also visited and immensely enjoyed the nearby Sam's Park, a nice picnic spot full of many varieties of plants, trees, herbs and a fine pool full of lilies.

The shopping in the small but colorful market of the town is an unforgettable experience. Mother bought a few silk saris', spices and some other items as gifts for our friends and relations. I bought some special tea and items of woodcraft. Ooty, overlooking blue hills and lush green valleys, is a very pleasant place and tourist resort. There was a big crowd of Indian and foreign tourists.

We also visited nearby Connor, a small but colorful town amidst sprawling tea gardens. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit to this still station. We also exposed a number of films to capture beautiful and natural scenes, events and memorable moments. These photographs will help us to keep our joy and memories of the place ever new and fresh.
I was happy to spend time with my friends after our political meeting.
I started doing my job.
My wife got an interview for a job.
My husband and I got to treat ourselves to this nice restaurant for the first time in a long time. 
I managed to pay off one of my credit cards and now I have less debt.
I had a surprise party for my 30th birthday in April.
Bill O'Reilly was finally ousted fro Fox news although it was started to look like he was immune to the laws of decency.
I did very well on a test after studying for weeks in preparation.
My car passed its annual inspection.
When I found out that I would be spending time at work at a location that I enjoy being at.
The Amc T.V. series 'Better Call Saul' had released a new season premiere.
A month ago I came across a chihuahua running down the side of the road looking very afraid. It had been dropped off according to a neighbor that came out and had been too scared to let anyone catch it. I left food and water for the dog and it eventually came to me.  I picked it up and took it to be checked for a microchip tracker and he didst have one so we have adopted him into the family with great joy. He is very happy which has made my whole house happier since he arrived.
My daughter said "Mama" for the first time ever. It wasn't just babbling and carrying on. She very clearly said "Mama" while reaching out for me. Melted my heart!
I was happy when I came home and discovered that my cat was in an affectionate mood and wanted to cuddle.
I had a party with some friends
A bought the purse I have been eyeing for a while, but would not buy due to the price.
yoga  
I opened a can of my favorite soda to have with my meal.
I saw an excellent production of my favorite play.
I popped into the local shop after a very long hard day at work to buy some tobacco and decided to buy a scratchcard with my change and won PS3000. I am still smiling now
This outdoor cat I've been letting sit on my lap purred when I leaned down to hug it.
Meeting the designer of first satellite Aryabhatta it was such a great pleasure to meet him
I was accepted into medical school.
I was happy when I discovered my mother finally got covered for dental insurance. She can now afford to get the treatment she needs.
Four of my students won awards in an international contest.
One of my friends cleared their post graduate entrance test. I was really happy to hear that.
My friend bought a house today. I was really excited to hear that and it made me feel very happy for him, because I know how hard he worked for it. I am very happy for his family.
I made my grandma laugh with a joke I told her over the phone.
A few months ago I got on the scale and discovered that I had lost five pounds.
Watching my son's baseball game is pure excitement and happiness when you see him smile!
When my Mom sent me a text saying she was thinking of me.  Little did I know that had more to the meaning of just thinking of me.  She called me later and asked if I got it.  I was confused and explained I got your text that you were thinking about me.  She explained that she had made a $100 deposit in my bank, which I didn't even ask for.  She knows how much I'm struggling financially.  That made me happy in many ways.  The thoughtfulness of my loving Mom and I really needed the money!
The day I received a job interview for a job I was really interested in.
My mom came to visit
I bought a new outfit that I had been wanting.
I bought a really cool video game called "For Honor". It was around $100 pre-ordered, but it was worth it, because I was happy with the quality of the gameplay.
Two month ago, I was reading my email inbox and notice that I win a free photo book.
I'm starting to make more money and be able to save/I'm managing to do it.
Me and my friends hung out
Celebrating my father's birthday.
We celebrated our kids  birthday with all our friends and relatives and had a good time.
My sister graduated from college 
I went last weekend to visit my grandfather, who is battling cancer.  It was great to see him and see that he is in good spirits; I believe the feeling was mutual because he was happy to see me as well.  I also think that being with him makes him more eager to fight and beat his cancer.
I was happy last week when my favorite movie was on tv and I had time to watch it.
I got a good evaluation at work.
I made a new friend on Facebook that I really connect with.
Playing Bingo with my 4 year old son, we both won at the sametime. He picked colorful chalk out as his prize.
I got a free hook up to watch the warriors game with my girlfriend from one of my good friends. The seats were awesome too. It felt great not having to pay and watch the game for free. It was also my girlfriend's first basketball game.
I went out to dinner with my daughter.
I was nominated as the best mother in my child school
Today, my wife sacrificed comfort for economy when she sold her Sorento and leased a much cheaper vehicle.
I helped a friend finish her cosplay. 
I took my girls to visit their grandparents for the holiday.
I spent an afternoon listening to music.
I was able to spend time with a friend that I have not seen in months.
I lit a fire at the fire pit in the back yard. 
Last week I applied for a new position at my job. The way it works is when you apply, the first step towards getting accepted is being chosen for an interview. That's what happened - I was chosen to be interviewed for the position. I have applied for this same job several times before and was never considered, so finally being considered for an interview made me very happy.
Knowing that I have not disturbed a Robin that built a nest in my step ladder even though it makes my ladder useless for the next month or more.
I saw my family at my daughter's birthday party.
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.
Finished a project.
The day I flew down to North Carolina to visit all of my friends and got to see them after waiting 2 years to do so.
When I went on a three day trip with my daughter, her friend, and my brother and sister. We stayed at a nice hotel and did lots of sight seeing together and took in a concert. We laughed a ton and made some really solid happy memories. 
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.
Let's say you choose a job just for paying your rent and you're waiting for a dream job opportunity. But, whatever you're doing you want to be appreciated for your work. And how can we judge a fish by its climbing skills? We can't.
At my new job, some of my new coworkers invited me out for a drink after work.
I successfully recognized and treated three consecutive sick patients while in a hospital with not many resources - and all had good outcomes.
Talk less; listen more. Listening keeps your mind open to others' wisdoms and outlooks on the world. The more intensely you listen, the quieter your mind gets, and the more content you feel.Talk less; listen more. Listening keeps your mind open to others' wisdoms and outlooks on the world. The more intensely you listen, the quieter your mind gets, and the more content you feel.
Kyle Schwarber hit a 2-run home run to help beat the Cardinals to win their opening series.
I found out a good friend was pregnant.
I was happy when I was at church for adoration last Thursday, it was so peaceful.
Recently, my parent surprised my wife an I with a large sum of money as a "just because" gift.
My husband and I got to go on a date night.
Philosophers and religious thinkers often define happiness in terms of living a good life, or flourishing, rather than simply as an emotion. Happiness in this sense was used to translate the Greek eudaimonia, and is still used in virtue ethics. There has been a transition over time from emphasis on the happiness of virtue to the virtue of happiness.[3] Since the turn of the millennium, the human flourishing approach, advanced particularly by Amartya Sen has attracted increasing interest in psychological, especially prominent in the work of Martin Seligman, Ed Diener and Ruut Veenhoven, and international development and medical research in the work of Paul Anand.
I was happy to see my bills all paid in full after months of being behind.
Stepdaughter got accepted into the college she wanted.
On  15th March 2017, I got my new car and felt very excited, proud and happy while driving it on the road.
I had lunch with my boyfriend at a new restaurant in Chicago, IL.
I took a vacation trip to the beach on Tybee Island in Georgia and stayed for a week with a group of friends.
My son was accepted into a charter school that we really had our hopes on. He is so excited to start school! We talk about it all the time. 
happiness is a fuzzy concept and can mean many different things to many people. Part of the challenge of a science of happiness is to identify different concepts of happiness, and where applicable, split them into their components. Related concepts are well-being, quality of life and flourishing. At least one author defines happiness as contentment.[6] Some commentators focus on the difference between the hedonistic tradition of seeking pleasant and avoiding unpleasant experiences, and the eudaimonic tradition of living life in a full and deeply satisfying way.[7]
I went to long trip i am very happy. 
Getting to work some overtime this week. 
My husband preparing cake for me he never care me too he cared today means feeling so happy
I found a library nearby I didn't know about that had tons of art books and I can study there.
I managed to make $5, even on a day when I really wasn't feeling OK.
Me and wife went to the school on parent's day for signing the report card. The class teacher told us that our son is very shy and he don't do naughty things. He is a keen learner, though he is not the topper of the class. Teacher also told us that, all other teachers share the same view for him and it is very difficult to find kids like him. Me and my wife were very happy and proud. As such we were not worried about his grade. We two were happy that our upbringing of the kid is good
Admit it: There is nothing that compares to a solo music session - and apparently science agrees. Research shows that trying to raise our spirits by truly listening to music can help us achieve a more positive state. Now that you have the perfect excuse, play it and start the magic ...

Finally got my 14th month work bonuses last April coupled with slight pay increases and shorter working hours.
The day I got a surprise gift from my for doing household chores.
My son performed in the middle school musical and was really good.
I finished painting the third floor of my home, which was a lengthy project for me to do by myself.
I bought a new Apple Watch series 1
I spent Easter with my family.
My younger son is fully potty train, now he can go to bathroom by himself.
I watched the giraffe from the NY zoo have her baby. 
I went on a winning streak in my favorite video game.
My boyfriend brought me coffee in bed.
I found the wedding band I want to use.
Yesterday i am went to lord shiva's temple. 
My house smelled nice
Writing to my best friend using a foreign language which I've started to learn as self-learner.
I was very happy when the new brewery in town served world class beer.
The day when my husband was offered a new job and we were going to move to a place with much lower cost of living and I learned I was going to be able to stay home with my little girl and now the new baby.
My parents came to visit
The parents of several of my music students told me their children enjoy their lessons with me.
I started exercising again
Hiding Easter Eggs and watching my nieces and nephews hunt for them.
The two times that I baked bread for my colleagues was another happy time for me. In both cases, I had spent a lot of effort in preparing bread from scratch for them because they always help me out and I felt it would be a nice gesture to do something for them. They were very appreciative and I felt very happy when I saw them enjoying what I made for them.
I got a phone number from a beautiful girl that I had a crush on for 2 years.
I purchased a special tool that I have wanted for two years.
My project at work hit a major milestone last week with great data and it was amazing
While riding on a scooty my neighbouring old lady also wanted to ride with me so I really like to go on ride with her 
Two days before my old classmate called me. I was really happy that I could talk to him after 23 years.
It is spring and I am an avid gardener. I went out to see what had made it and many plants I looked forward to coming back are alive and well. All 12 of my rose bushes have made it through the winter as well as my 3 blueberries, 2 wisterias and my marginally hardy agastache. It sets the mood to good beginning to the year.
I found $20 on the street while on my way to work
Going to dinner for my dad's birthday made me happy because I got to spend time with my family and help celebrate my dad.
Easter celebration.  We were able to get the boys a Nintendo Switch.
The second thing that made me happy was when my co-worker showed me pictures of his vacation because it looked fun.
I was recently able to go out on an outing with my niece and nephew.  Spending time with them made me happy because It has been some time since we were able to spend quality time.  It makes me happy to be able to impact them positively.
She took his arm and with a happy face went with him into the adjoining sitting room.
Earlier this month I started working at my new job.
I filled out my tax forms and realized I am getting a larger refund than I expected.
Watching Stargate with my wife.  We are going though ALL episodes together.
I felt happy when i went for a vacation to orlando especially visiting legoland with my family.
After eating a few plates of food finally the time to spend and talk to the family has come, everyone starts sharing their feelings on how happy they are for the birthday girl. The birthday girl with all the happiness showing on her face makes her look so beautiful, and the family makes her feel special as well like if there would not be a next day. At this part of the party when everyone has finish eating everyone starts to dance with the birthday girl. Is a night full with happiness and surprises, one of the surprises were that my cousin was given as a gift her first car. In my opinion it was a beautiful car, a Mustang Cobra 2006. But not as beautiful as the food I had tasted before, I never find out who had made food. But I know it was the best food I've ever tasted in my entire life, including when I use to live in Mexico. Maybe some one else could think that is just regular food, but they do not see it the way I do. Only people who had move from the place they were raised on to go live to a foreign country could understand what I am talking about. Seeing someone cook Mexican food, or eating makes me feel like I am back on my country. That is why Mexican food is my favorite food.
I received a "Cheers" award at work, which equates to an extra $250 in my paycheck!
I got a free desert with dinner tonight.
My mom visited and we were able to talk often.
My daughter wanted to come with me to run some errands and we had a good time.
I went and saw the new Fast and Furious movie ( a series I have loved since I was a child).
I rescued a bird yesterday. The bird was stuck in a net. I took the enough to untangle it. The bird didn't resist as I try to untangled it from the net. The bird flew away from hand once it was untangled. I felt happy doing to nice deed. 
We decided we were going on a vacation this summer to a beach
I was commended by my boss at work for taking the lead on the project. I had to collect data from several regions and make it into a report.
I had a rather long conversation with someone that I happened to match with in Overwatch
I celebrated my son's 34th birthday!
Proposing to my girlfriend and having her say yes.
I received a phone message from my cousins wife congratulating me on an article that I wrote in a local newspaper.  
I was stressed about how to come up with the money I need in such a short time and then I found mturk.
Had a nice evening watching the kids play and meeting new neighbors
I flew to San Diego with my parents.
I was moved to a 12 hour shift were I only have to work 3 days a week.
i started talking to a girl, a potential love interest, who i'm really into and really excited about, and she told me that i am intimidatingly beautiful.
My family and I celebrated my mom's Birthday.
About a month ago, I made my girlfriend a perfect set of waffles for her breakfast, after a previous batch had ended up tasting terrible.
I started going to church.
The man I am dating surprised me on my birthday by taking me out to dinner and bowling, when I thought he hadn't planned anything.
The next day I sold the shares that increased considerably and made a $2,000 profit.
my family members going to cartoon picture.all are enjoyed that moment.
I had a Passover seder with my family. 
I got a bonus at work and it made me really happy. I was able to pay for a vacation because of it.
I went to the hospital for back pain and it turns out nothing was wrong.
My brother getting a new job made me happy.
I went to the gym for the first time in a long time.
Last weekend I got hired at a restaurant.
2 months before we danced while very high rain season. our friends went to college function, that time unexpected rain came then we planned to dance in bus stand. we were really happy to dance in rain
I got a new job. 
My son gave me a big hug in the morning when I woke him up.
I got a new pair of foster cats, and they are very sweet.
We had a nice family Easter with everyone having a great dinner.
I finally moved out of my old apartment which required a lot of repairs and was expensive.
I was happy when my boyfriend started working and making money.
I went on a date with a guy I like that went very well. 
My dog got a clean bill of health from the vet.
I won a contest and the excitement of winning was just unreal and much needed after some hard times lately. 
I received a good grade on my calculus exam.
The second happy event that comes to mind is going for a ride in my husband's new convertible on the first warm day. 
My wife came back from shopping and bought me an extra donut treat.
When my dad finally decided to buy  a new scooter for my sister. 
Well, we split up because I was too focused on work; on making money and getting married, having kids... I didn't look after her.
I got a message from one of my best friends that currently lives in a different state that he will be coming to visit soon.
My best friend is moving back to England in July. We were in the car one night at a drive-thru and she said "my mom asked me the other day about when you were coming to visit". It warmed my heart to know that she spoke to her mom about me, and she wanted me to come visit. So I took off days in December to go visit her.
When my mom told me she was going to take a trip to Europe with her sister.  My mom works hard and a vacation is well deserved.
I met my close friend after a very long time as he had come to Country for vacation in February. That's one of the happy moment.
My wife and I had an amazing night out for her birthday.
Ate at an expensive buffet.

Felt full and guilty.
I went to the zoo for the first time with my daughter.
Trying to save up money to buy an Xbox for a specific video game that I want.
2) I met a special girl in my life. We aren't actually dating, but we've been hanging out and she's so much fun. I could see a possible future with her.

I go to Charleston on vacation and enjoy the southern hospitality.
When I went on to a market and purchased vegetables for a very low cost
I was happy when my son finally used the potty instead of going in his diaper.
I received a promotion to a higher position at work. 
I was able to do high reps of a weight I was not able to lift before
Awarded top award within my company at GM meetings in January.
Two days ago Vocational Bible School started in my church many children come to participate in this VBS. 
I watched a new season of my favorite TV show that was brought back after a 17 year absence.
Knowing that my cousin is a father and the baby is fine even though there were complications during delivery.
I helped my friend finish his chemistry homework.
My physical therapist made me laugh and made me feel confident that the exercises he was teaching me would relieve my pain. I was happy because I felt that he liked me as a person, enough to become friends on Facebook.
My girlfriend and I went to go see Logan. It was everything I was hoping it to be in a movie.
Last month my kid got first marks in her class and i was very proud of her and i took her to shopping and resturant and we had dinner with my family and i enjoyed the time very much.
My cloth wet from spray tap
I played the organ for a special service at a local retirement home. The residents absolutely loved it. I was very happy with how I played that day and felt appreciated. They gave me a very nice card and a gift.
I ate dinner tonight at Burger King 
My son got 4 goals in his first soccer game of the season.
I had dinner at my parent's house for Easter.
I was able to visit my family in Maryland. I haven't been back to MD in 5 years, so this was a very happy time for me.
I cuddled a cat
I was very happy when the whole family went for a latest movie that has been released 
Getting to see my niece this Easter and seeing how people reacted to meeting her the first time. 
The propane tank on my grill was running low, but I decided to cook on it anyway. I made it through cooking my burger without running out of gas!
I was happy when i discovered the release of season 3 Rick and Morty, as well as 2 VR games developed by their creators, i cant wait to get it.
My girlfriend bought her plane ticket to come visit me and she told me by surprising me with a phone call.
Just a few days ago, we started planning a new trip in May to go to Cebu and Bohol in the Philippines.  This will be a trip for about 5 days to go scuba diving.
I saw my favorite author Neil Gaiman give a talk and he read my favorite poem during the event.
I was able to overcome my agoraphobia and go the the doctor and get my medicine
Last month my son passed a entrance exam with high marks.
I was playing blackjack at the casino and I won 100 dollars
I got some good feedback on the presentation I've been preparing for a couple of weeks.
I had another interview with a potential client a week ago, and they loved me!
Talking with my best friend for a few hours.
My boss told me he was proud of the project I completed and how helpful it will be to the lab.
I purchased a refrigerator last week. 
An event that made me happy was a client signing up for a gym membership at my job.
My husband and I went to dinner at a famous Chop House in Charleston. 
I went on spring break with friends
An event that made me happy in the last three months was when the Patriots won the superbowl. 
Showing consistency with losing weight and making small progress.
I played with my dog.
My boyfriend took me to a nice restaurant.
I got hired for a new job as a teacher with a really high hourly pay.
I turned Twenty-one years old!
I was at a soccer game when my daughter made her first goal with her left foot, she had been working so hard for so long to get a good left shot.
I made a Carrot Cake for Easter and I enjoyed making it.
I went to my first San Antonio Spurs game. This is something I've wanted to do for years, so I'm happy it finally happened. 
Getting to see my first bruins game! It's not often that I get to go out with my friends so when they found super cheap tickets and we took a trip down to boston it was nice to get out and have some fun!
I laid on the couch with my dog snuggled up against me and a fire going.
Opening a package from the mail containing my new iPhone, it was my first upgrade since 3 years.
A small event in my life is that I picked up extra freelance work to help my household more financially and buy the the things we need that we couldn't afford before.

Buying a new car last week made me happy. 
Getting a visit from my best friend of 20 years and being able to hang out with her without all our kids around.
The weather started getting warmer.
I hadn't spoken to my sister in a while because of our conflicting schedule but I finally got to talk to her on Monday and that made me happy
My in laws bought me a new set of heavy duty tires after I got a flat tire and worried about how I'd pay to fix it.
I was approved for graduation from college. 
I started that new job and was surprised to find that I really, really enjoy it.
My sister in law was graduating college.
We start the construction work of our new home 3 weeks before.
I got to see one of my favorite Kpop groups in concert! That weekend was one of the best weekends of my life. It's hard to see Kpop groups because they can't come to America very often. Thankfully BTS had two concert dates for Anaheim and I was lucky enough to get tickets! I had the whole weekend planned: I took the train on Saturday morning, checked into my hotel, went to eat something nice, got dressed, and joined the rest of crowd waiting to see the boys. It was a truly amazing concert. I even tried to get tickets for the next day!
Going back to yoga. I love hot yoga even though it can be brutal while doing it, it just feels so good after and I know it is so beneficial for my body, mind and soul. I also am going back to the gym so maybe this is more about taking care of myself and showing myself the love I deserve.
My 12 year old son ran a mile in under 5 minutes 31 seconds. He qualified for the district championships and made me very proud.
I've been routinely going for long walks after work. 
Spending Easter Sunday with family and friends; we had lots of food and an egg hunt.
I went on a day trip to a nearby island and went on a hike there with my friend. It was great weather and a beautiful day.
 Today about my new car. It was a great day.. I've been looking forward to buying it for months. It's basically my dream car.
I signed up for a yoga studio I've been wanting to join when I found out it was much cheaper than I had thought.
I decided to make a blog site.
I was very happy two weeks ago when I finally got to get my pool cleaned out and redone. It looks so nice now and its such a good feeling that we can now go out and use it everyday and it looks so beautiful
My son came from US and stayed with me for 1 week which made me happy
Last sunday my sister-in-law visited my home after a long 5 years. We spoke a lot.
I acted in a small play in my local community theater. It was one of the greatest things I've ever done. I can't wait to do it again. Next time I'm going to be the lead. I'm going to try my hardest.
Playing a volleyball tournament.
When i finally finished paying off a personal loan.
There is a small event which made me happy last month. My kid has completed 2 years last month. She reacts well. she was able to cut the cake herself. Where last year she was not in a condition to do that.
I got a good grade on an exam
I purchased a samsung j7 mobile last day.
My uncle gave me his car for free because I don't have one at the moment.
I got accepted to college.
I love play Soccer with my Friends in the Stadium 
I sent off my brother by giving many surprises like preparing cakes with innovative arts.
My son worked very hard in school and received a student of the month award and sticker.
 Yeah, my team won against barcelona, forca Juve, go to c1 and beat all 
My friend gave me some delicious caramels as a gift.
I ate even less calories.
I upgraded my phone to the new red edition iPhone 7.  The iPhone is making my life a lot easier, making me a lot happier. 
I got a new car that was always my dream car.
We spent Easter day with the family. It was really enjoyable. The food was great, but the company was even better.
Saving money and not using much electricity and having a low electric bill.  
When I finally finished making my first video game by myself.
Finding 
I reached my goal weight. 
I have delicious food where I am staying
I tilled and sodded my parents front yard.
Another happy moment was when I able to pay off my credit card debit!
My partner met my mom and my brother for the first time and the meeting went well. I was really nervous that it would go poorly.
The first time I ever saw my crush the day I came back from Asia. I only had a faint memory of what she looked like as I have only seen her a few times, but she was exactly how I had imagined her to be. She stepped out of her house in a vest and looked tiny as always. She got me a present and asked if I wanted to come into the house. She sat me down in her chair and she became my New Years Kiss. 
I started playing a new vide game.
I recently converted all the old light bulbs in my new home to led.  It made me really happy knowing that I'm saving a lot of money on my bills.  I also brought the lights while they were 60% off as well which made me save even more.
When the bruise on my finger began to heal.
I was happy the day I did my taxes and saw that I was actually getting a refund.
A Krispy kreme finally opened around me.
One of my friend has bought newly launched TATA Hexa vehicle. When he bought that car for our outing, i drove the car for almost half a day. That driving experience is wonderful and that made me very excited all the day. Even though the event is small, happiness derived from that event is unforgettable. 
My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.
I went on a chocolate tasting tour in San Francisco with a friend, and discovered so many new dark chocolates.
I enjoyed having dinner with my coworkers. 
I caught a rare pokemon!
My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere
my happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.
My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.
My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.
I gave gift to my husband for his birthday.
Democrats almost won the Georgia special election outright.
My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.
My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when I get ready to go somewhere.
I played in a summer video game league with people that were complete strangers to me at the start. We ended up placing almost last in the regular season but took second in the finals and it felt great. 
My uncle is working abroad. when he is here, its the quality time that are precious to me.
I was offered a job.
my happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere..
When i promoted in my office towards senior management for my excellency of work.
I went out to dinner with new friends.
My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.

My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere
My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.
I got an approval from my family member for some occurrences. It was the long delay which i was waiting for. I get into work the process soon without delay and i am sure that i am going into the process without hurdle, hindrances and finish the work without any errors and hesitation.
my happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.
My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.
Went to a movie of my favourite hero
My cousin got engaged
My happiest moment every day my mom say 'ALL IS WELL" to me when i get ready to go somewhere in outside.
We are getting ready for graduation and we found out my daughter was graduating with honors and will be wearing a chord at graduation. 
My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere
I finished a difficult job.
Over the course of the past year, I somehow overpaid on my mortgage escrow, and I got a very nice refund!
MY DAD PRESENTED ME A NEW SMART PHONE SURPRISINGLY ON MY BIRTHDAY I WAS SO EXITED, I AN'S FORGET TAT DAY IN MY LIFE, THAT WAS MY FIRST SURPRISED GIVEN BY MY DAD 
My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT EVERYDAY MY MOM SAY BYE TO ME WHEN I GET READY TO GO SOMEWHERE
When my mom came home to take care of me as I was sick with flu and was having a really bad time not able to cook and stuff . She really took care of me.
When my aunt sent me a text saying she really enjoyed spending the day together and that she loved me. 
My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.

Yesterday my family and I had a lamp post installed for security purposes.
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT EVERYDAY MY MOM SAY BYE TO ME WHEN I GET READY TO GO SOMEWHERE.
My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.
MY HAPPIEST MOMENT EVERYDAY MY MOM SAY BYE TO ME WHEN I GET READY TO GO SOMEWHERE
I wrote a very good application essay.
I went to watch my nephews play baseball they are so fun to watch.
My Bestfriend and his wife invited me to shoot guns with her family and I got to shoot several types of guns.
my dad presented me a new smart phone surprisingly  on my   birthday i was so exited. i cant forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by  dad.
My dad presented me a new Smart Phone surprisingly on my birthday I was so exited. I can't forget that day in my life, that was my first surprise given by my dad.
I decided to give all of my earnings from a casino to a local struggling school that bought books for their intervention library.
My boyfriend told me I looked like I lost weight.
I saved up for and ordered a new camera for myself.
My Mom said she is going to visit this summer.
I picked up my niece from school. She was so happy to see me she kept hugging me. It made me feel really good and special. 
This past Saturday my mom and I went to the Yankees game at Yankee Stadium and the Yankees won. 
We dyed eggs together for Easter after I came home from work and we had a lot of fun.
I was discouraged, feeling alone and troubled and I heard my friend's voice on the phone; I was filled with joy just hearing his voice.
I was elected as the representative of a group of young peoples.
Went to Chennai  with whole family for Marriage shopping.
I exercise at morning it made me happy.
I was given a new task at work doing something that I felt was a very good fit for my skills, and also allowed me to learn new things, and I am enjoying the work I'm doing.
One reason that experiences (and memories of those experiences) make us happier than material things is due to the entire cycle of enjoyment that experiences provide: planning the experience, looking forward to the experience, enjoying the experience, and then remembering the experience. Make your home a gallery of positive memories.
I finished a large craft project. 
Chicago won the game last night.
Had a long drive with spouse in two wheeler to the hill station Kodaikanal. It was an amazing 500 plus Kilometers drive and the climate was so pleasant and very happy with my spouse.
Having anal sex with my girlfriend last night.
All my friends give me surprise party on my birthday party occasion its a happiest event for me.
My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere
My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere
Last month when my brother got his dream job in software company we all were very happy. Even i was very happy in success of my brother. He got finally for what he's been working hard for. I am very happy for him.
I have been watching a new TV show called Feud that I found quite enjoyable and yesterday I happened to catch the movie Whatever Happened to Baby Jane that the show is based on.
My baby is learning to crawl. It's a big milestone.
Last month, I went on a trip to Manali with my friends and enjoyed a lot and I am happy.
The world can be a tough and discouraging place at times. So encourage someone who is in a negative situation at the moment. Add your own perhaps more grounded and optimistic perspective on the situation to lessen his or her worries and perhaps exaggerated fears. This will make a person happy in that moment.
Today when apple got a hold of and told us we will be receiving the refund soon i was very happy.
I was happy because I received a cheesecake from my boyfriend for Valentine's Day!
Earlier this week my mom needed my assistance at her office after-hours and I was able to go in and help her get a lot of work done, but most importantly, we spent time laughing and talking, which we have not done in a long time.
Spent a birthday without being bothered by anyone. Just went to breakfast with my girlfriend, but spent most the day relaxing. Did not have to attend some party I didn't want.
I got a promotion in my work
My son played "Wake me up" successfully on guitar. He did it in his second attempt.
After a tip from a friend and some online research, I realized that there may be a surgery for my chronic medical condition that I had no idea existed. After thinking for so long that it was just something I had to deal with, I was extremely happy to find out that there may actually be something that can be done about it.
Taking grandson shopping and he only asked for one thing the whole time and the look on his face when grandma said she would buy it for him!
I have been driving the same truck for the last 14 years and finally saved a enough money to buy a new truck.
I was able to get through most of the semester and I am almost done.
I had ice cream and chocolate.
I finished an art project.
I had an especially fun time working with one of the kids with autism in our clinic during our gym and playground time. 
Spending time with my family. I spend most of my time at school, therefore, when ever I can spend time with them I feel happier. 
I found out that a surgery I had been needing, but could not afford, would be covered by my insurance. 
MY HUSBAND GIFT THE DIAMOND RING PRESENT TO ME
My family and I went to our community picnic and saw a few friends that we haven't seen for over one year.
My granddaughter got a good job and buy a beautiful gift for me . I really happy that my granddaughter gift in his own money.
I spent time with my family  
Had a successful work event where I made more money than expected.
I went out to dinner with some friends. We had great conversation and enjoyed talking about future trips we would like to make together.
I started my new job as a teacher since moving on from working as a paraprofessional made me feel more like an adult in terms of responsibilities.
I socialized with a childhood friend of mine that is disabled. 
My sister sent me a late birthday gift in the mail and that just made my day.
Someone dinged my car while I was at work and left a note. I called them the same day and got the information to make a claim. At the same time I somehow one way or another found my current girlfriend.
MY RESULT MAKE ME AS MUCH HAPPY
MY COLLEGE

I got off work a little early and still made as much as everyone else
My girlfriend came over to visit me after not seeing each other for 9 months. It was really nice, as I got to see her beautiful face once again. She is truly the light in my life.
Two weeks back I got the blood report of my mother and after seeing vitals, I felt so happy. The vitals were very bad(RBC/WBC/HB) which improved to normal level. 
Something that made me happy was my relatives from florida visiting me. I love spending time with them and my happiness is definitely up when i'm around them.
Planned fishing trip with my younger brother.
we enjoyed a lot.last week i went to visit my old school. feel very nostalgic and happy. 
I took my girlfriend out to a surprise birthday brunch for tapas in the city.
My daughter promoted to 3rd grade with high mark.
My wife let me go shopping for new tools. I was able to buy a new drill and was able to work on some great projects around the house.
I found and tried a new coffee enhancement.
Finishing up all my speech classes in my final year in university.
When my partner came up and surprised me with a big hug and flowers.
The band A Lot Like Birds released a new song which made me happy.
I got a raise today!!!
I went to Disney World's Magic Kingdom.
i brought new laptop last month
I am satisfied with my new team members who is supporting me a lot to achieve the target.
I talked on phone with my sister long time after her marriage.
Two months before i went church to pray for my aunty, because her health was not good and frequently she getting sickness. So i planned and went to church with my aunty and prayed for her. " Jesus please save my aunty, she is innocent if she did any wrong please forgive her". After two days she got goodness and she had no health issues, Really i happy about this. Its a miracle!!!. Again i went to church and thanked to our great god Jesus Christ!!!. Really i'm excited and very happy. Still i feeling about this. Whenever i feel sad and stressful. I will go to church and look our god Jesus Christ!!. Its makes me strong. Thank you.  
All my family pilgrimed to a catholic shrine, Kamanayakkanpatti near Kovilpatti, Tamilnadu, India. We all spent half a day there and got blessings from God.  It is an wonderful moment and unforgettable day in my life.
I've made enough money on MTurk to buy myself a few extras that I hadn't been able to get for a long while.
I got approved for a SNAP card.
I was able to help my family deal with debt
My son told me a few jokes today. 
I went to an art gallery with my girlfriend and saw some very interesting pieces.
Thanks to the internet, I've found free online resources that will allow myself to pursue knowledge of programming without paying, which is a godsend for a broke college student. 
I bought a Gucci belt. 
I traveled to New Jersey to see my family for Easter last weekend and spent some time with my parents.
Yesterday I and my friend got an offer for lunch and enjoyed the tasty food.
I was the Dungeon Master in a game of Dungeons and Dragons for the first time. I played with my friends and we all had a blast. 
I got a new job
I changed my major from Nursing to Psychology, learning where I believe I would be happier in my future career.
In the past 3 months, I made new friends that have the same values as I do. I enjoy getting to know them to this day and I look forward to more memories to be made with them. I am so glad that I had the opportunity to meet them.
I passed my car inspection without needing to pay for a lot of services or new parts, which was an unexpected surprise.
I managed few difficult tasks using much skills in the past few months, that enhanced my confidence a lot.
I got an A on my math exam.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when I graduated college with a bachelor's degree.
My friend move back home from college 2 months ago. Living in a small town is boring when you don't have anyone to hangout with. Since then i got use doing things solo. Thats change now. He's also my neighbor so i can just walk over  and play video games whenever. After going to college and getting a job i almost forgot how fun its was to just sit at home and relax. So we play games and drink into night. i was happy thinking how everything change but was still good in the long run.
My wife and I got a time to to eat dinner, and no kids. 
I paid off one of my credit debt.
i got a promotion in my company to my dream place last month
My mother-in-law sent my husband and I pictures of our cat, who we miss so much and is back in El Paso (we're currently living in AR).
A few of us went to the casino and I won some money.
A lady from church invited me to a fashion show.
Getting 100% on some homework in a class I have not been doing well in.
Onam special events made me happy
I celebrated my father's birthday by taking him out to dinner and spending time together afterwards.
I proposed to one of my crushes. She said 'Yes'.
I received a promotion and a raise at work, which significantly helped with my financial situation
I reconnected with a high school friend.
I bought a new bicycle for my 2 year old baby
i plan to celebrate this event with my family.so i go to restaurant with my family .they order good delicious food and enjoy their self.it is very pleasant memorable time in my days. i feel very happy to that time.it gives lot of fun to my self.it is very good time period.
I bought a new cellphone.
I had sex two days ago.
I had went to a party at my friends house. It was a great night.
got a couple of good hits in mturk
i did sex with my girlfriend
My best friend told me she loved me like family.
I sold my old home and am about to get a fat check for it.
I enjoyed the first warm day after a long, cold Wyoming winter by going for a long walk and enjoying nature. 
I set a different horn to my bike and that horn is unique and I like that sound and that moment feels happy.
I bought a new car.
I beat Super Smash Brothers melee for the gamecube again. It took me a few days to unlock all the characters and stages again.
I drank my favorite soda
I was accepted to the University that I want to go to in the fall.
Last month I got good incentive than I ever expect and that moment make me feel happy.
My daughter was awarded a very substantial merit scholarship.
I bought tickets to see Twenty One Pilots.
I met a man that I really like through a dating application even though I have been skeptical of dating apps. 
I received my new phone after the last one was stolen.
I got paid for helping out at an event
I ate a delicious home-cooked meal.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
I did really well at a big work event and it really boosted my confidence. Positive feedback from my boss was really important to me after that and it made me feel validated as a worker.
my birthday has celebrated 2 months ago. my friends and relatives are came to celebrate my birthday party. that day i feel very happy.
A weekend we went to theme park with friends and enjoyed the sky rides and water rides. Later we went to artificial snow fall and played with kids. 
I cooked fried rice with side dish of chicken recipe.
I got a new car!
I finally made a decision on the path I want to peruse in my life.
When my family going to religious temple together
i got promotion in my office and i have a salary increment in last month. that was a happiest moment in past 3 months
I WENT TO SHOPPING
I took part in a special military event that featured a friend of mine who is an officer.
I had a job interview for a part time job that seemed to go pretty well.
Finally getting some pain medication for my sore gums, teeth and an antibiotic
Sometimes I go to my boyfriend's house to have dinner and watch tv or a movie. 
-I won a gift card during a meeting for an organization.
I WENT TO MOVIE
I went to temple and pray god deeply.
I WENT TO YOGA
I WENT TO TEMPLE
my father bought the movie ticket for me and my friends . it doesn't expect from my father . he is my life and he understand my thinking and feelings also . so i would be very proud of the daughter of my father . my friends also very excited and they are jealous about my father . it make me felt very happy . 
my brother birthday function
I went to Hospital to see my relative who was admitted in hospital.
I WEND TO MOVIE
I got well deserved a pay raise last month.
I got a job as I desired.
I got back the amount which i gave to my friend before one year and it made happy
I WEND TO MOVIE
I WENT TO MOVIE
I demonstrated a chemical reaction in the practical lab which attracts all the students.
Last month, I received news of a new title promotion and salary that I will be receiving starting in June. 
I WENT TO MOVIE
When I enjoy Middle-Eastern cuisine with my family. I daughters love it most. I feel very happy in those moments.
few days ago i wrote a mail to my grandfather in malaysia and he replied to me that he is very well right now and he sent me a amazon gift card that worth is $900. so i am very happy due to given a gift by my grandfather.
My wife and me went to nearby town on the way a man was walking with bike. I asked him. He said that there is no petrol in the bike. I dropped 500 ml petrol from my bike and gave him. He was happy. He had to reach petrol bunt 5 KM. 
Winning a bet from a friend
I quit eating sugar and have felt the best mentally than I have felt in the last few years.
I made a large eBay sale.
Met a person who has the same taste of music like me.
During Easter I got to talk with some cousins who I've gotten much closer with since we were kids.
Last night I just come from Europe travel. After 15 days coming back to home really make me feel happy.
I binge watched the reboot of one of my favorite TV shows which had been off the air for nearly 14 years.
My boyfriend John came out to visit.
ME AND MY FAMILY GONE A TRIP TO ANDRA TEMPLE. THAT MOVEMENT MAKE ME HAPPY
I got my visa renewed for USA after many applications and interview
My friend wanted to know what brands I liked for a gift
I took a day off and went to a sports game with my friends. We watched our local basketball team.
I was happy to think that I am almost done with getting my Bachelor's degree as a biology major.
Next day we went to zoo.Watching and take photos in the zoo.We see animals are Lion,tiger,elephant,deer,fox,Giraffe and etc.Also see many birds Peacocks,Parrots,Eagles and etc.
When I met my college buddies after many years.
At a recent hotel stay we were upgraded since our booked room wasn't ready.  We got to stay in a suite.  It was awesome.  The kids loved it and made the get away even better!
I got to order food from a wonderful if expensive restaurant, and after indulging in such wonderful flavors I felt I'd eaten like a king.
I was able to hire a new manager at work.
My ex-wife and me worked out arrangements so that my daughter could fly out to California to spend my 40th birthday with me.  I bought tickets so that she could fly out, and booked a hotel at Disneyland for my family.
I randomly ran into an old friend that I hadn't see for a long time.
buy a new cloths which is look good colour
My wife and son had a lot of luggage to bring back home.  I only have a honda civic and I was not sure if I would be able fit all the luggage in my car.  But luckily I was able to fit all of them and we were able to come  home safely.
I received an unexpected raise at my job, it was only $1/hr. but it was a great surprise.
I was able to swim 25 laps with getting overwhelmingly tired
Applied for summer classes that will get me into Nursing school.
My soccer team is dedicated, and we have had fun practices. 
I went out with two friends for my birthday.
I was able to see my newborn nephew and spend the weekend with his family.
i m really happy this survey is back and is giving me reasonable amount to talk about my feelings .and i'm watching the 100 serial it is made me very happy and im addicted to it.
I bought a fancy camera in anticipation of an upcoming trip to Japan.
My older brother surprised me with a stuffed animal penguin as a present, completely out of character for him.
yesterday got a bonus for my achievement 
Went to get bubble tea with my wife. They had some new flavors at the place we like.
I ate some good green chilli.
I was very sick yesterday, but ate healthy, slept a lot and got my fluids, and woke up this morning feeling almost back to normal. It made me appreciate being healthy. 
I decided to learn how to play the piano and practice learning music theory.
I was able to learn how to operate the lawn mower, it was very complex to me because it is a machine and machines scare me. However, I tucked my pants in, gave it time and followed a learning process and now I am used to using a lawn mower.
I'm happy because I have a day off today and I can go for a walk with my son. We can have a good time together. Go to the movies and to McDonald's. I work very hard, and therefore I have a lot of time for my son. But now I'm happy because we will go for a walk.
I went up north to my property for a weekend of relaxation.
I got to go on my first vacation in two years. 
I got to catch up over dinner with a friend whom I had not seen for a long time. 
Managed to get rid of a lot of excess stuff in the house.
Got an A on an exam, amazing feeling!
We family members went for a trip to Shimla
Watched the new Logan movie.
My wife surprised me with a gift after she arrived home from work.
Last week when i was driving my bike, suddenly a cute small bird came and sat on my back and shoulder for few minutes, which made me feel really happy.
I became engaged to my boyfriend of 5 years. 
I didn't fail an exam I thought I did very poorly on.
Iave certainly found this to be true in my own life. Often, I donat even realize that an important event in my life has even happened, until some time has passed. For instance, I remember the minute I first laid eyes on my now-husband, but I didnt make a note of it. Or the moments when Iave had the ideas for all my books. Such moments strike me hard, hard enough that I can remember them, but somehow it never occur to me to record them.
I WENT TO TEMPLE
Seeing the new born baby of my niece. 
I received a good bonus yesterday, for a hit that I worked last week.
I BOUGHT A MY NEW DREAM BIKE
i prepare papaya tutti frutti and papaya ice creame for the kids by my hands and gave instruction to prepare.
When I got to talk to my dad about life and college choices, and he made me realize not to stress about stuff so much.
I'm a musician, and I found the opportunity to buy a rare instrument. I was not sure to get it, but everything when well and I could buy it for a incredible price !
Proposal from my girlfriend in last month makes me feel 'i am the happiest person in the world'
I START MY OWN SHOP IN FEW YEARS BACK IT'S NORMALLY RUNNING BUT LAST FEW MONTHS IT WAS DEVELOPED AND PROFIT WAS HIGH AND I'M GOING TO START A TWO MORE BRANCHES IN THE TOWN 
I got the news of myself being promoted to a higher rank.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
My maid made a favourite dish for me when I was not feeling well
We are going to Guruvayur temple
I was happy the day I learned that my sister would be moving back to the area and I would get to see her nearly every day.
It's never about the place. It's about the people you spend time with. I have never been much happier. Whenever I went to Tirupati and was traveling back to Bangalore, I felt like I had failed my most important exam, maybe I was missing a train. I cried like a small baby every time I left that place. This time it was different, this time I was happy. I was myself, my true self. Peace!
On 14th February, I was very happy because I proposed a girl in college and she said Yes. I love her very much and I'm very happy with her. The time was 11:10, her lecture got over and I met her outside the class as we were in friendship before. Then we went to a nearby playground where there are some seats to sit. We went there and without stopping I said her "I Love You". She was very happy and said "I love you too". I got very happy at that moment and we're still in love.
I shared what I wrote with my wife.
When I my baby started talking for the first in his like made me so happy that I could never forget that.
The day with my daughter
a man who was working at the gas station asked me if i was single and when i told him i was, he asked me to be his girlfriend. 
The company Regional Manager Called me to know about the feeling.
my daughter performed a dance in the cultural event conducted by a social group and she performed well got  appreciation from everyone
Got to go on a trip with my girlfriend for Easter and we had an awesome day together where we got to a bunch of great museums. 
It made me happy to see RIT is back caring about what makes me feel happy.
I made a new friend and she asked me to hang out.
I HAPPY IN  NEW CAR
It does not matter what you are pursuing in your life, whether it is business, power, education or service, you are doing so because somewhere deep inside you is a feeling that this will bring you happiness. Every single action that we perform on this planet springs from an aspiration to be happy because it is the original nature. When you were a child you were simply happy. That is your nature. The source of joy is within you; you can take charge of it.
My lady bought me glasses yesterday. Now I can see clearly.
MY SON GET FIRST RANK IN THE EXAMINATIONS.
I bought around 8 guns while I was on vacation.  I then shot them all numerous times while on vacation.  They all work great.  
One of my closest friends just got married this past weekend.
 As I can remember, when I was younger I used to held parties at my home solely with my family and relatives. Especially on my birthdays, my mom cooked my favourite foods and made my favourite birthday cake with chocolate. Now that I am not a teenager anymore, I go out with my friends and in some special circumstances with my family as well. For example, on my graduation day, I went to a Greek restaurant with my parents, brother and my five best friends and we had a really great time. Generally speaking, I would say that I am more of an introvert person, so I totally prefer to spend substantial time with few friends rather than having many people and typical relationships. My happy moments and celebrations are also related to my friends and family members. 
Our commute to the office can have a surprisingly powerful impact on our happiness. The fact that we tend to do this twice a day, five days a week, makes it unsurprising that its effect would build up over time and make us less and less happy.One of the most counterintuitive pieces of advice I found is that to make yourself feel happier, you should help others.
I meditated in a park and felt communion with my natural environment.
I met with a friend in Germany I haven't seen in 3 years!
In the past 3mth I went out with my friends for a hiking n it was a challenging task to do 
The day My brother bought me a mobile phone when he came from abroad. I was very thrilled and excited to see the phone he bought for me.
I was happy when my husband came home after a long day, and we talked about how the house is advancing.  He is working very hard on building our house for us to live in, and it made me happy to talk with my husband about this.
My friend got engaged to her girlfriend.
When i bought my first guitar about a month ago.
Adopting a new dog made me happy.
I was happy to eat a chocolate ganache cake I was craving. 
I made a roti and served it to mother.

She made 3 parts of it, one for my sister, one for my father and one for herself.

They all had their parts and I was observing them with suspense about comments.

Sister chuckled, Your wife is lucky, you can feed her deliciously.

Father giggled, Your Gf must have said you to learn cooking this morning.

Mother was little emotional, she said, My son has grown up. Roti is sweet!

She was happy. Everyone was happy.

It made me happy.
I fell in love with a girl,Ive been feeling great about it since!
Had a nice Sunday Dinner with my partner's family.
My husband gifted me fully automatic washing machine.
I went on a long drive with my bro and cousins. Drive with loud music also had various interesting fun talks.
Another event that made me happy is when I got a hold of the google chrome cast that I have bought last week.
my child went to participate in football match as a captain of the team.he lead the team well and won the match.i was really excited and happy.
i met my frnd after 10 years and we had a nice time
the day before yesterday, i did all my laundry.
I hate to admit it, but of the things that made me happy in the past 3 months was that I finally managed to earn some money using MTurk.
When I received a huge bonus for a job I did last week. It was so unexpected. The client was very satisfied with the output and so he gave me a reward. 
I WENT TO MOVIE
My happiest moment everyday my mom say bye me when i got  rerady to go somewhere 
1week we are go to tour
spending more times with my friends in night and happiness is wandering alone and meet new friends.
I WAS HAPPY THAT I WAS ABLE TO FIND A GOOD TENNANT.
I bought a new car
my happiest  moment  everyday my mom say bye to me when i get ready to go somewhere.
I meet my niece and i felt very surprised, i had 2 years without seeing her
Receiving a promotion at work after weeks of it being in limbo.
All my children and grandchildren were present in my birthday
I ordered some makeup products online during a sale.
Went for a trip to Paris, loved the city, it was so pleasant and people are really friendly
I got a new order from an old customer.
I started a new cooking school and the students are pleased and spreading the word about the school to more people.
I gifted a mobile to my boyfriend last week. He kissed me. I felt really happy.
I was very happy when one of my children completed college.
Last week, I finally asked a girl out and she accepted, I had a pretty good first date.
Holding a grudge has a lot of detrimental effects on your wellbeing, including increased depression, anxiety, and stress. Why let anyone who has wronged you have power over you? If you let go of all your grudges, you'll gain a clear conscience and enough energy to enjoy the good things in life.The happiest people don't have the best of everything; they just make the best of everything they have." You will have a deeper sense of contentment if you count your blessings instead of yearning for what you don't have
I broke an 8 game losing streak on my favorite computer game League of Legends.
I went for a trip with my family.
same i went to my friends home and take a food with them. so happy moments in life
I got a new job.
I was accepted to be an mturk worker. The extra cash is an oasis in a desert right now. 
we went to the park.
Yesterday when my sister's daughter arrived my home after a long time I became very happy 
My son is 3 and in preschool. He struggled with learning at first. But he came home from school one day telling me all about George Washington. That he was our 1st president, he was a soldier and that their coats were red and blue. That the red coats were the bad guys. Then told me about Lincoln. How he was a president but he was shot and now he has a lincoln memorial in DC. Then he asked me to take him to see it. He is 3. This made me so happy and proud of him. (We are going to DC this summer)
we have booked rooms yesterday for a trip to a hill station . The booking of room made us feel very happy antincipating the date to start
I bought a new game I'm still enjoying.
My friends thrown a surprise birthday party for me last month, i was so happy.
I can remember many happy events of my life and out of those, I would like to talk about the event that I can still remember vividly regarding my success in the board exam. The moment I heard that I had been awarded a scholarship based on my performance in the board exam, I became the happiest man in the world. This was indeed a very happy moment for me as it is something I was looking forward to achieving and the news made my parents quite happy and proud
I was happy because I discovered a means of paying back my financial debts.
my boss appreciated my work and congratulated me that time i more enjoyed
I went out for dinner and drinks with my partner, and we had a really good time together for the first time since we overcame a major setback in our relationship. 
When I bought my new dishwasher.
Received brand new Bullet classic from my dad
My wife got a job at her preferred firm
I bought TitanFall 2 for the PS4 and tried it out; it's actually a great game.
My birthday was last week and I had a great night out with my wife.
The new season of Archer came out
I had a fun trip to Las Vegas.
I bought a car 2 months ago,that was the first vehicle i bought,I felt very happy and proud.
I received a greeting card in the mail from a family member.  No one sends cards hardly anymore.  It was great to see a nice card among all the junk mail in the box.  It was such a thoughtful gesture and it really put a smile on my face. 
I WAS HAPPY WHEN I SAW MY BELLY FAT REDUCED AND TUMMY CAME INTO PROPER SHAPE. ALSO, MY ABS STARTED COMING UP.
I have some issues in my in-laws home and now they are rectified.
  Installation of Boiler at site: In the month of April. Installation team for boiler had arrived. There are different components of boiler like air pre heater, water tank,  chimney , PRS, header etc. It is a quite a skilful task. After 15 days of work finally all the components were installed. It is a very happy moment.
I grew corn for the 1st time in my garden.
I was happy that was able to complete my gym challenge. 
When I saw my scale drop 11lbs. 
Another event that made me happy was watching my favorite baseball team win.
My daughter got on the honor roll at high school.
I got over a sickness I had for a long time.
I have gotten interview calls for 3 jobs.
My housemate made dessert.
I took my car in for repair because it was acting up and they fixed it for just the amount of money I had set aside to get it done.
My car fixed itself and the check engine light turned off all on its own.
I ate the first vegetables out of my garden.
I was able to get my daughter to giggle a whole bunch while playing with her.
An event that made me happy was when my husband told me we are going to Disney this summer.
When I got to spend a day with an old friend of mine.
Won a championship in our conference
2) I have been doing well in school, most recently I received a 94 on a difficult homework assignment. Seeing this grade made me feel happy / in a good mood for approximately a day after. 

YESTERDAY I WENT TO MOVIE FOR THE FIRST DAY FIRST SHOW AND ENJOYED A LOT.
The day i met my parents after my marriage
i received a certificate of a course that i had been working for it for 6 months 
My role as a the head of the school was very well appreciated by the parents body,as the kids really associated with me .
I attended a meditation retreat for 10 days in silence and this was a very relaxing and joyful experience.
My wife celebrated her birthday! She turned 40.
My best friend booked her Holiday to fly from England to Cyprus to stay with me for 10 days .
Yesterday I found out I will be receiving $500 to go to a workshop in Arizona at the end of May.
my first day office experience
party with new friends
my first month salary
My ear infection cleared up and I'm no longer in pain.
I decided to take a relaxing day off of work yesterday.
I repaired my old bike today which was laying in the garage from last few months. It was fully covered with dust and I was very busy and ignoring it. But today morning I decided to give it a try and cleaned it and repaired it and it started. After that I had a ride on it which felt amazing. I am very happy that my bike returned to life. Happy Biking.
First time cooking.
I've started cooking more at home and have mastered some great dishes.
Going to friend marriage.
My business was inspected and I passed all the tests with flying colors.
I went on vacation with my whole family and stayed in a hotel and got to take my kids swimming.
My wife decided she was going to give our marriage another attempt instead of a divorce.
I have helped few people in the past without keeping a count on how i helped. I felt happy and those few people tell how that help was most needed and i grateful that i helped them at the right time.
I bought myself a new tablet computer.
It made me happy when my cousin came in town that I haven't seen in 25 years.
I snagged a big client away from a much more prestigious and snotty PR firm.
in the assembly,we were waiting for the announcement of the proficiency results. when madam announced my name I was thrilled to hear and my friends were also excited and I shared my happiness with my parents and family members.
Having the inspection on my house come back clean
I saw my niece absolutely exhausted after enjoying her fourth birthday party.  From the little bundle of high-strung energy to the sprawled out exhausted kid was wonderful to witness.
I paid off a big credit card. 
I MADE THE LAST PAYMENT ON MY CAR.
Spring came! I hate winter. Spring is the best thing ever, everything begins to come back to life, the days get longer, and happiness is in the air.
I went to a Christian meeting yesterday and it was led by a beautiful girl. Her voice and feminity made me happy.
I took the dog to the dog park!
I cleaned out my HOAs carport and organized all of my area by installing shelves and hanging garden tools.
Moved into a different office and was able to rearrange it to my liking.
The birthday of my older son for me was a very happy moment to see the face In the morning and take you to breakfast your favorite food also we sing the birthday and spent a day of enjoyment with family in a pool site for me and for it was an excellent day and complete recreation and distraction
I found a discontinued grill on closeout that is cheaper and better then what I would have otherwise gotten. 
I ordered a new tripod for my camera and it'll be here tomorrow.
I went on a date with my girlfriend and the bartender gave me a free drink
See my dog heard my cats into the house when they run outside. It made me understand how smart he is and that he just wants to make us happy and be friends with the kitties.
When I got an unexpected raise at work for doing such a good job on a recent report I was very happy!
Going out for an iced coffee every afternoon is a routine I started when I retired. It makes me happy because it gives me something to look forward to, and I really enjoy the drink, too.
One thing that made me happy was finally learning to build a bridge in the video game I'm playing.  Sounds insignificant, but I was very frustrated up til then.
My happiest moment was when I gave birth to my son. After nine long months of waiting to meet him, at last that day came. I was just so happy, and its explainable!
Making money at my new job.
My son got first prize in his school's fancy dress
Spending a whole week on my house without leaving it. Easter holidays are a free week here in Venezuela and it allowed me to stay home and watch a lot of series and movies. I needed this rest.
My little girl ran to me with open arms to give me a hug when she saw me.
I found a Pembroke Welsh Corgi pup that around here they are hard to find.
I was very happy when my favourite football team (PSG) beated the The eternal rival (Olympique de Marseille) 5-1 in french league.
My son got his report back with some of the best grades he has ever achieved, mostly A's.
Friends gang in my class went to cinemas for watching horror movie.My friend and me shouted a lot.All my friends teases us for scaring.
I had some free time earlier in the week to play The Last Guardian.
I was happy about not having to pay a large amount of money on a traffic ticket. 
The Yankees had an 8 game win streak and I watched each game.
i was very happy when i receive my increment last week. 
The summer heat is coming in and it made me excited for summer.
The day before Easter, me and my girlfriend dyed eggs the way I did as a kid. 
Met some senior executives from my company and the meeting seemed to go really well. 
My boyfriend asked me to marry him six months ago.
My sister came my home.
My students were very kind to me.
I got a job that paid really well for a couple weeks. 
I found time to rake dead leaves off my yard.
I went to the Tigers opening day game with a group of friends and we has a blast
My wife and myself had our 25th anniversary.
A baby is born for my cousin and i feel happy
We got an electric smoker and used it to cook meat that was amazingly good.  
This last month event appears, includes ten sororities and ten cliques. Every sorority is combined with a brotherhood and each gathering makes a unique melodic around 2 hours 14 minutes in length. The melody and move exhibitions are by and large happy and grounds related. Toward the end, I feel so joyful.
I put a new inner tube on my bike tire and it's finally working correctly. 
I have needed a car for a couple years, and was given one by a relative, out of the blue.
My professor just pushed the due date of one of our assignment back by a week.
My wife went to her Mother's house for getting our property share  from her parents
I took my kids to the movies and it was actually a good movie.
Cracking jokes with my daughter this morning.
The nice weather has started again; last week it was almost 80 degrees!
When a friend offered me some furniture that she had in a storage room, which means I had not to spend money to furnish the house I am moving to.
I have gotten several new clients and a steady stream of good work.
When I visited my fiance for his birthday I met his parents for the first time in 2 years. They accepted me and the icy uncertainty is gone. 
I was told I no longer have to work overtime.
The image that I have of God is of one that has always been there throughout my life. ... But from it, I do believe that he has been there all my life. ... One of the happiest moments in my life was when my daughter Liliana was born. ... It seems that summing up one the most painful moments I have had to experience in my life..
My wife won a poker tournament when we visited Las Vegas.
Found out we are pregnant.
When work started picking up in the last month it made me happy.  It made me happy because it was slow over the winter and I was very bored.  When I am busy at work the day goes faster and I am happier.
I booked a trip with my girlfriend to Aruba this fall. 
I don't live in my native country, so when some friends and I gathered and celebrated a holiday from my country as we did back in our country.

I was happy when I finally finished the first iteration of my website one month ago.
Have sex with my wife.
My nephew just moved in. He has been like a huge child. I had a talk with him and he started straightening up. He is now chipping in for groceries, cooking and cleaning around the house, and making new friends! I really love how he's growing into a young adult.
I started packing for my trip to Mexico with my boyfriend!
I got a raise at work, actually it's more that I'm getting paid for work I've been doing all along, but it's a nice bonus. 
The turn signal in the car has been fixed after five months of it not working properly.
I am happy to see the plants which I had planted in my garden have started flowering and soon there will be different colors of flowers blooming which will make my garden look awesome.
I got good tips at work on Saturday.
Another event that made me happy was when I was selected in the Broad Street Run lottery. I will be able to run in the event in May.
I had been working on a large event for over two months.  It finally occurred last last night. 
-My son, who is almost 3 years old and has not been able to speak so far, and after months of trying hard, I and his mother helped him to speak, just a week ago surprised us by uttering some words, I can not believe that this really happened, I am very happy.
An event that made me happy was Valentines Day.  We did a big group dinner with friends and our kids.  It was so much fun.  We did fondue and there was a lot of laughs and jokes the whole night.  
In the past three months, I had a birthday party.
I paid off my car
My dearest friend has cleared her GRE exam with good score. Soon she will be leaving India to make her career dreams come true and live with her love of life who stays abroad.
This past Friday my boss closed the office early so we could go home.
I was hanging out with my little boy coloring cartoon characters and watching his older brother practice baseball.
Saint Patrick's Day at our favorite pub, having a delicious Guinness with my family.
that day i remember when i meet my friend for the first time and the happy moment we get together and he became like a brother we do several event that made me very pleased such as traveling and swimming going to party and so it nice moment that i meet him
What made me happy in the last 3 months was my brother came home from the Air Force. I hadn't seen him in years.
I took my dogs for a long walk around the neighborhood.
I went on a ski trip with my fiance that was really enjoyable.
I was happy when my son did an amazing job pitching in a varsity high school game.
Ten days back I applied for PhD guide-ship for which I have been preparing for so many months and at-last I was able to fulfill it. Felt very satisfied.
I got a new puppy! 
I have been able to help others in paying their utility bills (the former job I mentioned) and to see how much small acts of kindness and support can uplift others. 
I've been able to reach my goals toward my emergency savings and my vacation savings.
Spent quality time with my brother.
My mother brought home some things from Florida to give to me.
I made soup for my hubby without using a recipe and it turned out amazing.
My niece had her first baby, making me a first time great-aunt.
I bought a new android mobile for my personal use long time i been using only 3 g mobile now i using 4g mobile with full carama clarity I am really happy almost 4 month till now i am not familiar with most of options
Last month my brother cleared the exams to study in Singapore.
I was very happy when my manager handed me over the job confirmation letter 6 months after I started working.
My girlfriend and I went on a getaway weekend for an anniversary.  
I went on a romantic candle light dinner with my girlfriend and we spent quality time together.
I had fun going on a date with my wife out to dinner and then shopping while our kids were babysat.
I got a lot closer to my weight goal.
I got in touch with an old friend who I haven't spoken to much since high school. It was awesome catching up and we have plans to hang out soon.
I was happy when my husband offered to order carryout from my favorite sushi restaurant.
Going to busch gardens with friends and riding the roller coasters made me happy
I was at work and decided to wear a dress. I usually when dresses when it's going to be rainy outside. I decided that today I'd wear one since it was going to be rainy. I got into work and one of my coworkers immediately complimented that I had lost weight (which i have been trying to do for the past 6 months). I was so excited that it made me happy for the rest of the day.
When I beat the game Halo 4 it made me very happy because I had beaten all the other Halo games up to that one and had finally completed that one.
It is almost friday.
I with my family went to Ice cream shop where we ate some snacks and ice cream. I feel happy on that evening. my kid is very much interested to go for icecream shop.
I purchased a trailer to put a tiny house on.
We received a gift card from a neighbor for whom we had done a favor, and it was to our favorite restaurant.
I got to try to the Unicorn Frappuccino at Starbucks, and as it was as delicious as I hoped it would be.
I went to the movies with my mom last weekend.
My wife came home with a pack of juicy shrimp and cooked us a delicious meal.
I woke up this morning and realized it was not going to rain like it was supposed to.
We grilled out steaks and had a good meal as a family.
Getting the house cleaned
I was drinking at a bar with a couple friends, and the bartender served us a few rounds intermittently throughout the night on the house.
My student loan payments were reduced to $22 per month.
I was able to increase the maximum weight I could squat.
Made great progress on a project I am working on at work.
my memorable day is my school days. i enjoy  a lot with my school friend 9 and 10 class . we sitted in last bench. we don't no any about subject i always be failed in all exams. but last time in 10th i am passed .so surprise for me. so i finally passed.
I bought a tattoo kit.
I went out to Florida and got to see nice little places and stop by the beach.
I'm starting to feel like I have authority in my position at work.
About one and a half month ago I took a trip to the beaches of Florida with a really close friend of mine. We went to not only one, but many of the beaches out there. It was a very happy experience to be able to let loose and relax a bit and not have to worry about life, bills, and money.
This morning I was able to save a turtle that was crossing a busy road.
Getting back into the gym and working out regularly.
My husband got a new job.
Got a new set of knives and they are really sharp . 
I was able to find and move into a new apartment
I got a new puppy.
Finding out that we are having our second child. 
I paid off all of my credit cards.
I got to buy new items to upgrade my kitchen from it's drab state to a more updated, less gross state last weekend. 
Spent easter Sunday with our families, having conversations and laughs over dinner and dessert
I went to go bowling with a friend of mine and we played 6 games.
I discovered that my hardest final exam is actually a week after the date I originally thought.
My happiest moment was when I gave birth to my son. After
nine long months of waiting to meet him, at last that day
came. I was just so happy, and its unexplainable!
I got a new sweater.
Today is my last day of work before heading off for vacation, I am very happy and excited right now!
I came into some money by virtue of luck. This has helped the transition process for my family and I.
Not knowing that, blessings were coming my way, i continued to work. Last month I got a raise at work. Which is something I did not see coming, it has been an amazing feeling knowing my hard work has been paid off. I am able to do more with out funds and save a bit more. I am able to take our kids out and enjoy our time together. 
i was happy a few weeks ago when i filed my taxes and got a very large refund back. 
I received the first payment from Mturk.
I went to the cabin for the last weekend and spent time with my family for my birthday.
I found out that my cat who was sick is going to be okay.
Happiness moment of my life when I passed 10th because that I completed first steps of my life .
It snowed so much that I had to stay home and read a book all day long.
I went to the Red Sox game and they won. 
All the best for the future ... and I wish that very soon another post will be coming up in which you write about your promotion, and you'll mention the same mixed feelings that even though you are excited about the new responsibilities ... you're a little sad about leaving behind your previous work ... 
I felt happy when I went back to my hometown. My parents and I spent quality time together. 
I made a healthy dinner for myself.
About a month ago I spotted something tumbling in the wind , It was a 10 dollar bill!

One of my co-workers was leaving the office so we all went out and had a small going away get-together for him. During that get-together I became closer to one of my friends at work. 
My boss is gone for a whole week on vacation.
I went out with friends.
Finally going back to North Carolina to see my family.
I got a promotion at work. I got promoted into management which meant a salary increase.
My nine-month-old son started to crawl across the floor.
My niece learned to say my name!
I received my tax return.
I daughter suffered from anorexia for a year, she was hospitalized twice.  At one point I never thought she would survive. She discovered weight lifting and it changed her life. She is now recovered and placed third in the state high school weight lifting competition. I am so proud of her. 
I was happy because I finally got my deadlift up to 250 lbs.
This happened last week. I was hosting a get together with friends to play d&d and they wanted a more exciting evening. So I went out and got decorations to decorate my apartment and make it more exciting. I was nervous and hoped that they didn't think my decorations were to tacky. But they loved it and even got into character pretending my place was a pub. I was so happy to see such a positive outcome and encouraged me to decorate more in the future.
When I bought a motorcycle. Love riding it.
I got to spend time with my mother.
I saw and video taped a Manatee in the river.
I was happy when my daughter won a scholarship.
My husband got a better job with better benefits
The bad weather avoided my house and went another direction.
I have a new job opportunity that a former colleague is helping with. 
It made me happy when I finally got a certain move at dance class. 
tv   watching
I got to spend the entire day with my wife on the beach.
Getting some of my friends to stop fighting with one another. 
My husband and I went away for a Marriage Encounter weekend that was a lot of fun and very meaningful.
A client renewed their contract with our organization.
My youngest son gave me a hug and said "I love you mommy". It melted my heart!
I meowed at my cat and it meowed back.
I was talking to a friend of mine and she convinced me not to go to class.
I was at the airport and my flight was severely delayed due to inclement weather, however, the desk agent was able to rebook me and get me there almost at the same time as originally expected.
My husband sent me to the spa for my birthday for a facial and a massage.
A few weeks ago, I succeeded in getting my pet cats neutered, which reduced the level of stress in my life.
I attended a Billy Joel concert and it was something that I had wanted to do for many years. 
I learned Python properly
My friend picked me up when I was stranded.  I needed help as I would have been forced to car camp uncomfortably without this person.  This was last month.  My friend Chris picked me up when I was stranded.  I was very grateful for my friend who drove 2 hours to come pick me up.  My friend spent his own gas money and time to come save me.  I was stranded and going to be forced into some borderline life or death conditions.  I felt rescued and that I had a near death experience.

I won a small raffle at my work for a $50 Visa gift card.
I managed to beat a video game that I had been playing for a long time. 
My daughter was released from the hospital the other day
My favorite sports team won a road playoff game in convincing fashion. 
Another event that made me happy is I was part of a women's conference to empower women. I was elected to form part of the group and I was ecstatic. 
I don't live with my parents and few weeks ago, I was able to go back home to visit my parents. Even though I did not spend too much time with them because I was doing other things but it was good that I was able to see and spend some time with my parents. 
Grabbed a great price online for some cycling clothes I'd had my eye on for some months. This was the last one in the store, it exceeded expectations when it arrived and I'm both pleased with my selection and relieved I didn't miss out.
I was able to reunite for a night out with a group of friends from high school for a mutual friend's birthday. 
I recently was tipped very well at work for doing a great job.
My wife had been sick for a few days, then I found out it was because we were having a baby.
I played with my nephew.
When I self-published my fourth novel. I've always wanted to be an author, but my own self-doubts kept me back. In 2014 I finally started writing, and have thus far found it to be fantastic.
When I made a really cute, but cheap idea to make for a gift giving occasion that turned out to be a hit.
It made me happy getting to spend a Saturday talking with good friends at an event.
My son was eating in his high chair last night and was laughing his head off as he kept reaching down to feed the dog.
Bill O'Reilly got fired from Fox News.
I left for vacation not too long ago and have been enjoying it since.
I successfully cooked braised pork chops with sauteed apples on top.
Getting a good grade in my class
I finally paid off a large balance on my credit card.
Working with my student, pushing them to the limit and when they take their test their scores come back with awesome results. 
I watched a lot of good movies.
Made up with my girlfriend after a big fight
I, took a ride by car to see my son in college. It, made me happy, because I, don't get to see he very often.
Went with my wife to a comedy show this past weekend.
I got my truck to pass emissions.
Drinking a cold beer in front of the Mediterranean Sea watching the sunset
I got a job working from home after wanting to leave my corporate call center job.
I went on a big food shopping trip.
In March, I had my first experience at a sip-and-paint party with some girlfriends -- it was so much fun!
I ate some meatballs my wife made for me.
I watched a lot of the new Mystery Science Theater 3000 on Netflix and remembered a lot of stuff I'd forgotten. 
My daughter was so excited to have one on one time with me to go shopping. 
I was also excited when I was preapproved for a mortgage for a condo that I was extremely interested in - now I can move out and be on my own!
I bought new iphone
I AM VERY HAPPY BECAUSE I HAVE A ONE CAT WHICH IT I BUYING LAST MONTH, FINALLY WE MAKE A GOOD FRIEND. I AM VERY HAPPY SHE IS VERY SWEET AND INNOCENT THAT I LOVE HER SHE IS MY BEST FRIEND. I AM VERY HAPPY. 
Watching the progress of my first few guitar students, and feeling proud of them.
I found a wonderful alternative to aluminum based deodorant.
I finally got to see one of my all-time favorite bands, Redd Kross, play a show in my city.
I won a big poker tournament in Las Vegas.
I went to see the St. Louis Cardinals play baseball.
My father had invasive surgery two months ago, and he made it through with no complications or issues.  Very happy to have time with my father.
My girlfriend organized a surprise party for my birthday
I was in a search of flat since long time and finally I found it. The flat is the area is which I was wanted so I am happy 
I managed to squat more weight than I did before my injury!
I changed my dogs medicines and he is doing better. 
Last weekend, I went to a long road trip along with my love. This was an amazing experience. 
Watching my daughter win a soccer tournament undefeated with her team
I recently got a raise.
Last week, my husband received a small raise.
I made some new friends that have made my life so much happier.
Some friends and family came to visit us from far away to witness my daughter being baptized.
I got accepted to grad school.
Another event that made me happy in the past 3 months was being able to catch up with an old friend on the phone.
I've got my tomatoes planted. 
I got a new computer built.
I started reading a novelist I've been interested in for a long time.
I worked on a music recording with an old friend.
When my 10 month old daughter began to crawl
I secured an internship for the Summer
We got a puppy a couple weeks ago and we were all excited, but my oldest daughter burst into happy tears when she realized we were keeping him.
I went camping and caught my first cat fish. I was surprised that I caught one and was elated that I did.
It was the time when my sister delivered a baby.I was so happy.The is baby is very cute and healthy.Me and my family were so excited and on top of the world.
I was incredibly happy when I passed my midterm exam in Accounting with an A.  It is a very difficult course that I have been having a hard time with and I studied very hard so it was very satisfying and exciting to do so well.
I went on a vacation with  my family.
Had high school old boys get together and had a lot of fun with old classmates.
I sent my mom's boyfriend to get an engagement ring made for my girlfriend
READING NEWS PAPPER
Another event was when I got accepted to my new job after having looked for a job and being unemployed for 4 months.
My dad presented a watch.  I was so happy and still feeling it. 
We had dinner with our good friends at a new brewery last week.
I was happy when we performed well at a concert.
I ordered two paintings as a gift for my mother.
I was able to bath my dog and get him really clean. He looks very fluffy and cute now and smells great. 
I helped a patient with all of their upcoming appointments and they thanked me by baking me some baked goods.
Another event that made me happy within the last 3 months was when I bought my new motorcycle. 
I decided to chase my dream and flew an aircraft for a few hours.
I went hiking with a friend and her dog. 
Everyone in my group welcomed me back from South Carolina warmly!
when i received money for my dental work from my parents
I got to spend the weekend alone with my girlfriend.
I ate dinner with my wife on our balcony.
When I did really well on my performance review and got a decent raise.
Getting an A in my graduate level statistics class. 
My son's fiance got accepted to graduate school in a top notch program.
When my little cousin graduated from the Marines bootcamp. I, myself am in the military, so having him graduate and complete such a demanding few months to become a Marine made me very proud and happy for him. To be able to serve aside him. 
I had coffee with an old friend. 
I've been trying to chase down a band I love, Avatar, and kept missing their shows. Last month I ordered tickets to their show next Monday and I've been so excited to see one of my "bucket list" bands.
Visiting my brother whom I haven't seen in awhile.
I was happy when I painted a piece of artwork to showcase in my living room.
I was shocked by seeing the mess on the floor. Shattered glass pieces, Leftover of tea and above all, some water
Another event that had made me happy in the past 3 months is buying a new bicycle.
few day back i met my girl friend for the first time and we share our love for a while and when she say me good bye, she kissed me and smiled. this was the most happiest moment of my life 
I got really good grades during my first semester of my master's program
An even that made me happy would be yesterday going to the park and hanging out!
When my youngest daughter started walking, I felt extremely happy and proud of her.
I got my bike fixed.
Old friends visited and we had a great day eating well and playing games.
When in Florida we went to Disney Land.
WE finally sold a house after one year!
I went to a concert in a part of town I like but haven't been to in a while
Something that I wanted to buy went on sale.
I felt happy when my aunt from another city came and gave us a surprise visit.
I found a job on the internet.
I had the past two days off from work to relax.
My wife and I have figured out a way to "make it" financially at home without having real 9-5 jobs. Although we do work, it's all self employment and passions we love instead of grinding hours away, making someone else rich. This also gives us tremendous freedom to spend time with our baby girl.
At work, we got a grant to continue funding for a project I was very involved in.
A woman at work who bullies me constantly finally got reprimanded.
Seeing old friends that had moved out of state a few years ago.
My wife and I hosted a board game night at my apartment. 
My partner and I adopted one of our foster kittens.
My boyfriend got a decent paying job.
At a staff meeting Tuesday night I took many photos of the new menu items and the chef really enjoyed how the pictures turned out.
I achieved a difficult to reach goal in a video game. 
Yesterday someone told me how much my encouragement meant to them.
I was able to support my family with the money i earned hardly and i could help my sister for her studies last month. That made me happy
I visited my boyfriend and we decided to start the process of me moving to where he is after I finish college.
I am so happy to be back home from a trip to see my sister-in-law get married.  
One of the senior partners at our firm complimented me on how organized I am for our departmental meetings, and asked me to help her organize her daily schedule as well. 
I went to the dentist and didn't have any cavities.
My aunt offered me a job so I no longer had to look for a job when I got laid off. 
My brother offered me his credit card when I was going through financial crisis saying you don't need to worry I am with you.
Cuddling with my dog, stella, after coming home from work
I went to the movies with a friend.
The day I graduated and stood beside my proud mother. I am the first generation in my family to study Law at University. My mothers happiness brought me happiness. 
I tried my hand at painting rocks, I found it quite hard but rewarding.
I hugged my roommate after she got home from work.
I changed the calendar to April and there is a picture of the cutest black and white bunny there on my refrigerator that I see when I pass by.
I had the most unforgettable experience in my life . It is an experience about helping a blind man to cross the street. I still remember that day vividly. That night I had studied at school library; it was around 10 o'clock, and I prepared to go back home. As I passed through the school gate, I said goodbye to my friends. Suddenly I saw a strange thing in front of me. There was a male standing beside the cross-walk; the traffic light was green, he could walk forward, but he didn't. He was just standing there and made no actions. I was confused at this sight. Out of curiosity, I decided to walk over to him and to see what was happening. I felt perplexed until I walked next to him. Standing beside him, I could see he was wearing sunglasses and holding a white stick; then I knew this man was blind. In this cold winter day, pedestrians all wore heavy coats, including him and me. His was gray and mine was black. I also noticed that there was a sign around his neck. The sign said "I am virtually deaf and blind; please help me cross the street. Tap me on the shoulder." I knew I must help him. So I tapped him on the shoulder, and then he put his left hand on my right shoulder and I led him across the street. All the process was quiet; the only thing I could hear was the sounds of our steps. It was a chilly night too, but I knew he would feel warm at this moment. When we got across the street, he bowed in thanks, and started walking up the block, to the next corner, then the next. While he walked past me, I couldn't help but start to weep. I wanted to walk him home. It was not a very busy street, almost deserted. He could have been there, on that corner, for 10 minutes. Maybe he is still at another corner, now, waiting. How does he get home? How does he know where his home is? Thinking of this, I cried more loudly. I can't image being deaf and blind. You would be so helpless and dependent on other people. Can you imagine going home like that every day: walking a block, then waiting for someone to help you get across the street, then walking another block, and waiting, relying on the kindness of strangers? After this incident, I realized how blessed I am. I should cherish every day and do my best to help the people who need help in my life.


I started to learn German.
My sports team won our semifinal game, securing our spot in the league championship.
Yesterday, my boss decided to upgrade my workstation to a much better one.
My son got a girlfriend, and it makes me happy to see him so happy after a long time of depression.
Another event that made me happy, would be the day that my daughter got to come home from the hospital. This was only about 3 weeks ago, but I was so proud of her because she came so far!
When my wife and I attended Wicked the Broadway show.
My dog, Lucy, got a good report back from the veterinarian. 
My overall health is improving.
My son earned his driver license on the first try after I had been practicing with him for a year.
Won a free meal at my job for selling the most contest items. 
I met a guy after work and we hit it off really well and exchanged numbers. 
Yesterday I found $5 in my wallet I forgot about.
It made me happy when the weather was nice and sunny!
Hung out with and talked to a good friend of mine for 2 hours.
I hung out with my one of my close friends.
Sometimes me and my sister will decide to cook dinner together. We always make it fun by joking around with each other. Even little stupid things become really funny to us.
I had a really awesome date with a new person that I met online.
I was working at a part-time job, along with my full-time job.  The manager told me I could go home early (3 hours early), and he would compensate me for the time.
I was asked out by a colleague after being told he took months to work up the courage to ask me out. This was someone I didn't think I would ever ave a chance with.
I completed the high priority organization project at work, that was stressing my team and myself out.
I bought something that I've been wanting on sale.
I sold a stock for a modest 10% gain.
My boyfriend took me to my favorite restaurant.
My brother got married. 
I went back on stage to do stand up.
Bought a new rain coat that is breathable and seems sturdy against rain and wind.
Persona 5 released after 8 years of waiting, which is still making me happy because I am still playing it and it is great.
My friend bought me a cheap 500 dollar car when mine got repoed.
I won a poster design contest.
I talked to a troubled young man that I mentor after not hearing from him for a while.
I got the good news that I have passed in my typewriting exam also got A grade score. That a happy news for me.
I GOT TO MEET MY SISTER'S NEW PUPPY.
I got to enjoy a visit with my two Aunts, who made me feel loved and appreciated.
My divorce was finalized.
I was seriously craving a sandwich from a specific restaurant near my house and found out it could be delivered, it just got here and was amazing 
I went out to dinner and had an absolutely amazing italian meal.
I sent my 2 yr old nephew a card that had pictures of me on it, and his Mom reported back to me that he had loved the card and carried it around the house with him for several days.
I quit my job, which was a constant source of stress in my life.
went to my best friend's marriage
I went to the local bar and watched a great pair of singers play for a couple of hours
When my husband made my favorite breakfast.  My husband doesn't cook much and it was a treat that he cooked my favorite breakfast (potato and eggs).  It was a nice surprise, made me feel loved and happy.  
Met my old girlfriend after long time. No words to express both of ours reactions during that moment. Had some good time and shared so many things 
Yesterday I was accepted to an internship position that I was really hoping to get.
I spent time talking to my mom.
I officially learned how to navigate and get the most out of the film editing software, Adobe Premiere
From yesterday and the day before my sister and I were able to read up to chapter 93 of our favorite manga since  the anime was taking a while. It was really fulfilling since we were really bored before that.
I am very happy when I got a new job
Riding bikes to pick the boys up from school last week made me happy.
I was happy when my husband and I bought our new to us family vehicle.
A great support from my Father for my marriage:
My marriage talk started before an year, but few of my relations are unhappy with it. The main reason is Jealousy. They don't like that I'm getting married to a nice person, because they don't want me to raise in my life. So, they created a lot of problems in-order to spoil my name. My father helped me to get rid of those problems and confirmed my marriage finally. I didn't expect this from him. Hence I'm on the top of the world now.
Being able to deposit some money into my savings accounts. I think it's obvious why this would make someone happy.
I went to the gym.
My fiancee and I went out on a date night to the Melting Pot.
An event that made me happy in the last 3 months was visiting my family in New York after not seeing them in a year.
My youngest son passed his driver permit written exam
I quit a job that I really disliked.  
My daughter found out that she was the one fourth grader from her school who earned a spot in the music memory competition.
I was granted access to use a photo studio for free.
i lossed my job
There are two types of people in the world: those who choose to be happy, and those who choose to be unhappy. Contrary to popular belief, happiness doesn't come from fame, fortune, other people, or material possessions. Rather, it comes from within. The richest person in the world could be miserable while a person living in the slums of a third world country could be happy and content. I have spent plenty of time amongst both groups to have seen it first hand. Happy people are happy because they make themselves happy. They maintain a positive outlook on life and remain at peace with themselves.
i get a new work.
My boyfriend finally agreed to go on a trip to Orlando with me, which I had been bugging him about for months now.
When I Found my moms recipe for chili went out to the store to buy the ingredients and when it was finished it tasted like she made it her self.
When my parents came to visit me.
Happy people understand that it's better to forgive and forget than to let their negative feelings crowd out their positive feelings. Holding a grudge has a lot of detrimental effects on your wellbeing, including increased depression, anxiety, and stress. Why let anyone who has wronged you have power over you? If you let go of all your grudges, you'll gain a clear conscience and enough energy to enjoy the good things in life.
I was happy that I was able to pay on a few medical bills.
When I wake my daughter up for school and hug her for at least five seconds.
The proposal was insanely ambitious-real people, alone or in groups, dance to the song, essentially creating an entire day's worth of music videos-and therefore riddled with creative challenges, which is like manna to Pharrell: "The best work comes from people who are motivated by crisis-when something stops the original idea, they respond by coming up with something even better. Existence is all mathematics," he says. "There's an equation for success in every obstacle."
I finally got my braces removed, and my smile is perfect
A smile never cost anybody anything and a day seems to go better when you are surrounded by colleagues that smile and are willingly to help you anytime or just to hug you when you are not feeling ok.If all the people around us would be open minded we would all have something to gain. We all feel very motivated do our job the best way we can when we have a very good training program. Thereby you can receive better feedback  you can work more focused and you can improve your skills when you know you'll be rewarded.
Hooking up with a cute hung undergrad in his dorm room at a catholic college during Easter break.
When my daughter drew a mother and daughter picture!
My husband and I decided to take a trip to San Fransisco, just the two of us.  
I recently was able to plant some new vegetables in our garden and had my son help with the process. This made me happy because everyday he looks outside to see if they've grown and wants to go water them all on his own. 
My wife told me that we are going to go on a field trip to a place i have always wanted to go. 
I was accepted into a Masters program at UW for next year
Completing the work on a small web-site I've been building.
We got a new car about two weeks ago, it was awesome!
Last week, I passed my driver's permit test. I held off on getting a permit in high school due to a head injury, and was very nervous about taking the exam now.
Beating my opponent in fanduel head to head on a $25 entry on for MLB
I received an email from a good friend that I had not spoken to in years. 
My wife got a promotion and raise a couple weeks ago.  This made me very happy and proud of her.  We went to the Outback for dinner that night to celebrate.  That made me happy too. 
I realized that my wrist had healed well, and I didn't need any more therapy.
I was very happy to see that there was a change in the top of the LA Lakers organization. 
I finally saved enough money to be able to purchase an appliance for my kitchen that I have wanted for a very long time
My 10-year-old grandson plays Little League in the Majors and this year was picked to play on the team with the very best coach!
My girlfriend finished her dancing lessons and got a Degree. She's one step closer to setting up her own dancing academy.
I was happy when I was granted an interview for a job I want.
Visiting a new city so I could go to a basketball game,
I ate a big meal and had coke with junk food after coming home from work.
I received a very fast smartphone as a gift. 
Going for a long hike at night.
I met friends for dinner at a local restaurant. I hadn't seen a couple of these friends before. My husband was not with me, but the food was wonderful and I really enjoyed being with my friends. 
My girlfriend told me that she had gotten the job she had applied for.
The moment when I met my old friends in a re union function in my school. it was in Jan 2 2017. It was a happiest moment.
Spending Easter with my husband's extended family - watching my kids play outside with their cousins the whole day.  
My mom got her blood work back from the doctor and everything was good.
I helped my friend with her budgeting issues.
When I landed a work at home job and can sit in my pjs to work.
I had a real nice dinner with my husband, celebrating our wedding anniversary
I attended my girlfriend's parents' 35th wedding anniversary dinner, which was pretty fun. I have been with this girl for almost a year now, so it was nice that her parents decided to invite me to something that I view as very family-oriented.
My daughter scored her first goal of the rec season on a coast to coast break away smash - she had gone the entire All-Star season without a shot on goal.
Last week,  when I met with my friends and played a board game called " alchemist"
I am happy that I am eating healthy for a day.
My family bought a house!
I won secretary in a club that i'm in. 
My mom let me onto her spotify family plan, I couldn't afford it on my own.
My son brought his frist house.
Last night I ended my responsibilities early and went to bed earlier than ever 
I had to be a nany of 6 month kid for 6 hours and it was amazing experience. Kid cried almost all of this time and wanted sit on my hands and play with my hair or rigs on my fingers. It was difficult but also joyful time because I understood that I'm not scared of have my own kid anymore. 
The checkout person bagged all my groceries for me very quickly when I was feeling really lousy and wanted to get out of the store. 
I bowled a high series that included 3 separate 200 games.
A video game I really wanted finally came out, I bought it and that makes me happy what really makes me happy is the simple fact it came out after all this time.
A component for my electronic cigarette tank arrived from China after about 2 months of being in transit.
The fifth season of Prison break is on tv and my husband and I sat down and watched all three episodes that are out. 
I attended my grandson's preschool art show.  He was so proud of himself and his artwork.  It made my heart sing.
Seeing my niece perform in the talent show made me happy.
A girl in a bar last night told me that I was really cute. I mean, she later said "you're so awkward that you're making me feel awkward" but I'll just remember that first part.
An event that made me happy is growing basil from seed and getting to eat it in a dish. 
Having a family holiday celebration.
I got a high sales commission last month.
I received an unexpected bonus at work.
I was tutoring a 5th grader who needed help in math. After we had finished the lesson, a teacher came over and profusely thanked me for my help and told me I was "one of the good ones."
I hug and kissed my kids goodbye at day care before I left.
I moved back in with my mother, whom gives me much more freedom as an adult than those whom i had been living with.
Taking a trip to California has made me happy, the trip was paid for and I am spending time with family so it is a very enriching experience. 
Having a romantic picnic with my girlfriend a couple of weeks ago made me very happy.
Took a cruise with my daughter and my sisters family
I introduced a new movie series to my mother.
My daughter got accepted in a preschool program we wanted to put her in.
I received a raise at work a few weeks ago.
I found a new dog park near where I live and it is a paradise. It's a huge meadow, and it's beautiful, the dogs can roam off their leashes and it's a picturesque place that I love to go to
My mom invited me to Hollywood slots on Easter, just to see the smile on her face and acting like a kid made my day.
I saw a really good movie about an interesting person.
I got several e-mails from management about my good work on a recent set of experiments. 
My wife brought me the traditional white chocolate Easter bunny a day after Easter.
I passed my exam, which I initially thought I was going to fail.
I talked to my mom on the phone for the first time in two months.
The appointment of my new position in the company, I was turned on to mold technician level II. Enter this company five years ago and in a short time I have already turned on two levels, my happiness is for the achievement of that objective and that occurred in a medium term.
My daughter had her first Easter Egg Hunt. She was so excited about finding the small brightly colored eggs with treats inside.
My son got to play with his cousins and relatives on his dad's side over the Easter weekend.
I helped my father fix the house inside and outside. I did much of repair, painting and replacing home items that were old.
My dad came home from Florida. He had been there all winter and I hadn't seen him in a couple months, since I went to visit.
I bought my girlfriend a computer.
My husband received a 30% raise and we are able to finally save for a house.
I was contacted by an old professor of mine with the potential of part time work under his small company.
My friends threw a surprise birthday lunch for me.
bouth new core i7 laptop for my child which make him very happy 
I was happy when my sister called to thank me for the birthday present she received that I took a long time searching for. 
Easter Services at my church made me extremely happy.  The church was full and everyone was cheerful and praising their Lord.
I reached the target weight I'd set for myself when I started my exercise and diet program.
I took my granddaughter to the zoo recently and she was just wide eyed about every animal, she talked about it for days.
when i saw the progress being made on dad's new house being built
My son's birthday was so fun. We got him some nice presents and set up our dinner table to celebrate him. It was so much fun and he said it was his best birthday EVER!
Another event that made me happy was finding out an old friend is coming to visit this summer.
Getting good grades for the entire academic year.
I was able to get know the man of my dreams.
I was able to volunteer for my daughter's field trip.
I received a small incentive at my job for notable work that I completed.
My sisters told me about their plan to visit me for lunch from their home faraway.
I gave myself a special gift.
I found out that a workshop I had missed was being offered again.
I was feeling a bit blue, so a friend of mine took me out to brunch and got my mind off of things for a bit, which made me feel better about the situation and made me very happy for our friendship. 
I was happy to get a really good salad today at work for lunch
Hiking by myself.
meet my old friend

Losing a lot of weight, around 40 pounds made me really happy and I'm losing more every month!
Taking my kids to see the movie Boss Baby.
I had a really awesome batch of Mturk hits.
I was excited that I placed a big bet on UNC and they wont March Madness. 
I ate at my favorite fast-food restaurant
When my team finished a work project ahead of schedule in March and were celebrated at the management meeting
A customer at work is taking a trip to Japan and I asked him if he would try to buy something for me over there and he happily agreed.
My son won a reading and honesty award for kindergarten and it was presented in front of the school. 
A child I tutor in math got an A for the first time in awhile.
Two days ago I flew home to visit my mom; being at home in a familiar place feels so nice and makes me happy.
I was happy to watch a comedy special with my brother and his wife the other evening.
I found out that I had no major medical issues after having a seizure.
I was really happy when me and my best friend had completed our project of rebuilding an off-road vehicle.
I got my first paying acting job.
I cleaned my kitchen really well a couple of weeks ago, including a detail cleaning of the stove, all countertops and even the walls. It made me happy because I felt like it needed done for a long time and everytime I was in the dirty kitchen, it weighed on me. There was a sense of relief from the anxiety of the dirty kitchen and it was replaced with peace and happiness in my accomplishment.
Started a treatment for chronic strep throat and it's working.
Building my second computer has been an exciting thought and its very fun looking for all sorts of parts to throw in the mix.
My Dad's 89th b-day made me happy to see him and spend time with him.
My husband enjoyed the dinner I made for him.
I received a promotion, with more pay, greater responsibility, more hours, more security, and a stronger bridge leading to more opportunity.
I completed my coursework and could relax.
Watching my dog burrow and roll around in the bedsheets and witnessing her happiness made me happy.
I bought a new (to me) car
I was able to fix my weed-eater myself.
picked up mcdonalds for lunch
A three day trip to Phoenix for some spring training baseball with a friend.
I spent Easter with my family.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when I was hired to a great job at a nice pizza restaurant in January. 
I was happy when I received recognition for my work at my job. 
Having a fancy home-cooked dinner with my boyfriend. 
I bought a new guitar, I always wanted a baritone electric and I bought one. I just played it a bit. this was about two months ago.
I started making more money at work. 
My son was accepted into the a engineering program.
When I found out that I was getting some cash back from my student loans.  We were struggling to pay rent and this made a big difference.
I went to a baby shower for a good friend.
Bought a new couch.
The Pittsburgh Penguins are winning 3-1 in their series and currently 3-0 in game 5.
Celebrating my mother's birthday.
Laying in bed watching movies all day with my spouse was so heavenly. 
We were finally able to go to Atlantic City for my birthday trip.
When I received the notification from my college that my thesis was approved and I can graduate.
Getting hired by Lyft- My fiance and I have had financial troubles and I was able to get hired by Lyft to be able to bring more income for a while. 
In the last 3 months we have been working on our house too and it really has been coming along. We are still not done, but it is definitely coming along.
I fixed a computer that I feared was broken.
Went to a wine tasting with my girlfriend and a couple we are friends with.
I recently hit 5,000 HITS on Mturk
I accepted a new job at a natural grocery store
Last Sunday I join Gym and its make me happy as I am thinking to join from many days.
I made a new goal and game plan for the next year that I am confident will work.
The night my husband and I went out for a quiet dinner and a glass of wine at a nearby Italian restaurant was wonderful.
Also ironically, we adopted a dog last month after the engagement and named him Murphy!
I was happy watching my children play with their cousins. 
I officially finished the majority of the work for this school year so that I can graduate.
I made good progress at work and live up to boss expectations.
I got a good part in my orchestra assignment.
I found out that my dog was going to have puppies.
My husband bought me a taco bell gift card as a "thank you for keeping our child alive for two years" on her birthday and it made me laugh and love him even more. 
The first day I got a 3 mile run in with enough reduction in pain that I knew was getting better after an injury and would be able to run this summer. 
I went to a wonderful family gathering for a memorial for my late grandfather.
Valentine's Day this year was a very happy moment. It included a renewal of my marriage and a reminder of everything that's gotten me where I am today. My life would not be complete without my wife and her wonderful influence on me and the world around us.
I went to a concert an hour away with a friend and we enjoyed the night together. 
Spending the day with my grandson.
I went for a bike ride that was quite long and I managed to complete the whole route without too much difficulty.
I saw a famous writer speak at our community college last night.
I''ve been going to school for two years now and it will be over in three months, with a job secured with my externship!
Getting rewarded at work for the good work I have been doing.
Going on a date with my fiance down to the river for a picnic made me happy.
Having so many people want to commission me for a piece of my artwork while I was having a sale. It was invigorating to have so many customers expressing interest in my work. 
My happy moment in these last months, it was definitely the personal encounter with God, and having many times thinking about a specific issue, thinking, dreaming, analyzing and reliving moments to have a certain response in life after a long state of depression And anxiety, caused by several events. It was very good to go through a difficult situation to understand several important aspects that I did not understand before and would not have understood without having gone through a great pain. After this I feel better.
I read an excellent novel called "the sense of an ending."
I traveled out of state to see family. We don't get to visit often so it was really nice! 
I did some measurements and found out that I have lost a lot of weight and have been showing progress since I started working out. 
I was able to shred and get rid of 3 bags of old documents and bills which allowed me to make headway cleaning my office. 
My husband bought us season tickets to a local attraction.
I was happy to watch the last episode of X Factor US season 2 with my wife.
I figured out a problem at work that had stumped others in my department for a few weeks now.
I was happy when I planed s successful international program at my job.
My daughter, who is a junior in music at college, passed her faculty review and was approved to perform her junior cello recital, which I will be attending.
My girlfriend and I were on a road trip in the interior of British Columbia and we passed a herd of rams on the side of the highway.
Memorable moment r celebrated together,
U r my best friend for now & forever,
Make me Miss U even more this New Year,
Hope this 2017 bring Happiness for you Dear
I went for my first long bike ride of the warmer seasons today, after not being able to for the past couple of weeks, because of a flat tire.
When I was able to pay for a vacation for my mom and i to Puerto Rico. 
I moved back to Atlanta. 
I passed two tests to get my certificate to teach ESL.
Completing the biggest target till date in my work.
When I started my new job about a week ago, I was not happy in my previous job but this job is a career to me not just a job and that makes me happy.
Getting help with financial issues took a lot of worry away.
I got to go to my cousin's wedding.
I was able to buy my cousin something. She just lost her fiance and I wanted to do something to cheer her up. I sent her chocolates and candy. She said it brightened her day.
I slept over my girlfriends house last week and when i woke up there he was standing over me with coffee and breakfast for me. I was surprised and happy that she did that because i wasn't expecting that. 
I filed my taxes and got a small refund. It wasn't anything great but it was unexpected. I'm happy to have a little extra money to spend on something I like.
I scored highly on an exam last week.
During a work video conference meeting, one of my coworkers texted me an inside joke.
A female friend of mine whom I had a secret crush on for a long time eventually asked me out on an official couple's date to dinner and a movie.
Getting a bonus at work  for finalization of clients work. 
I was given a cute Doberman Puppy by my friend.
I bought my second android smart phone.
My friends came over
this is part of my service. one of customer not receive gas subsidy form last two years due  to aadhaar no is updated to bank account. she is illiterate and age around 50+. there is no proper guidance. i discussed i given basic support to her. first i updated the mobile no in account. after that i update the aadhaar no to bank account and same has been updated for gas dealer. last month she receive what ever dues pending from last two year entire amt transfer to her account. she share her happiness with me and there is no limit for her happiness . even i also keep smile , and feel happy.

Drinking with my girlfriend and watching shows, relaxing
During the last three months our family was graced with 2 litters of kittens. We have two twin cats that we left in our care and the both got pregnant and had babies! The kitties have brought happiness to my family!
An event that made me happy was going to a movie with my friend.
My mother came down for the holidays to see me. I was very happy to see her, as I don't get to see her often.
I ran around and played chase with my dogs in the back yard.
I saw my favorite music group within a short period of time since I last saw them.
I am getting marry in June. In Chinese culture we have this tradition that the groom's family need to give a set of presents to the bride's family. There are many rules to follow about this tradition, such as how much money to offer, what to buy, who and how many people should show up at the present giving event. I was nervous that I would screw up the event but I manage to handle it pretty well, there were problems during the presents preparation stage but I solved it with improvement. I was happy to see the event went so well and happy to see myself able to deal with urgent problems.
I passed an exam I needed to begin a new job. 
I had a nice supper with my husband this evening.
Last week when I visited my Grandma we talked and laughed about all the Easter's in the past when we, us grandkids, would have Easter Egg hunts in her backyard of her old house.
Last month i went to my friends marriage function and i was very happy to see all of my college friends.
My grandmother texted me a photo of a monarch butterfly resting on her hand.
My husband and I decided we want to me kids.
In February my elderly mother's long-awaited thyroglobulin test came back normal, no cancer. 
I went to meet my parents for a day after a long time, that makes me really very happy.
My daughter told me she was going to get married in the next 12 months, I love her to be happy
I took my dog on a sunset hike.
A little over 2 weeks ago I when on my 2nd paid photoshoot with my sister and some friends. We would record a bit of forage for behind the scenes. Then afterwards I went out to eat to a restaurant we sometimes go to on special occasions. My sister treated us all. The food was delicious. 
My birthday. We went out to an awesome dinner. 
Completed a one hour yoga session this morning without skipping any of the parts
I went to church on Good Friday with my mom and dad then after we all had lunch together.
Today I prepared Tiramissu for the first time by watching youtube.It turned out very well ! Iam so happy !
My band played a successful sold out show that was a benefit for sexual assault survivors.
An adorable dog surprised me at work.
A man whom I have had a crush on for years took me out to lunch and he really likes me back.
I met a beautiful girl on nearby swimming pool yesterday and talked for some time.
My boyfriend being offered an amazing job. 
Today I made my mom smile
I found ten dollars I had forgotten about in my paypal account! 
I learned a new song to sing and play on guitar.
My son learned how to use the restroom after my wife and I had been trying for months to get him to. 
I participated in a local cricket tournament along with my team. We delivered our best. Though we couldn't won the final price the efforts put by me and my team is appreciated by many people. One of the great moment.
I spent a weekend in Miami for spring break with my sister and her family.
I was on my way out to the convenience store when on my way I passed a man with a bucket and a rag. He was washing a stray, street dog's face. He seemed to really care about the animal, but I know it wasn't his because I often see the dog around the street and know the dog to be stray. I felt that there's hope in this world. My heart felt warm.
When i got my first laptop. 
Interesting moments in our daily life. Trying hard to find the mobile when it is in silent mode A random day dream & then realizing that you were staring at someone by mistake Restarting the song when you miss your most favorite line Everything else becoming more interesting when its exam time Enjoying the moment.i don't still forget that incident. i am really enjoyed it.
Got Letter of Expression from IBM. I was struggling to get a job from past 3 months and was very sad. I faced so many interviews but I never got a call. IBM was one of them and I wasn't expecting to get a call because I have never got any calls before. After 5 days of my interview I got email from IBM which contained LOE letter. I was very happy and excited and that feeling was amazing.
MY SISTER'S MARRIAGE
MY CHILDREN BIRTHDAY
Studying in a foreign university going back home is the best. 2 months back i went home and it is the best moment to see my mom waiting outside the airport to hug me.
I was running out of money for the month and had only enough money to pay rent. My parents deposited money into my bank without me asking. 
My father has called me in the mornings to check on me.
Two weeks ago I took an exam and I thought I did really bad, when we got it back the professor let us know that he curved it and I did better than I thought I did.
2nd happiest moment is my father retire from his job with very good position & all employee & boss give example of my father as a good employee.we all feel very proud of them. 
I made a proposal for a policy change at work which had to go to my bosses boss (as my boss was in favor of the proposal but had no power to change it) and the bosses boss actually took me seriously and let me present my proposal. I haven't heard back about the outcome yet but I'm hopeful.
I uploaded my first video to Vimeo a few hours ago. I create content for YouTube already but now I have also decided to venture into other territories.
BIRTHDAY PARTY CELEBRATES WITH MY BEST FRIENDS & FAMILY
MY BEST FRIEND BIRTHDAY CELEBRATE 
My daughter start to talk.
An another event that made me happy is that last week my favorite restaurant decided to include a happy hour menu where my favorite dishes were now half off. 
I WENT TO BROWSING CENTER
My pain management drugs came through and I went from being in withdrawal to not only feeling good but able to actually accomplish the things I wanted to do with my kids and with my day in general.
On march 3rd my wife went to the doctor for a pregnancy confirmation test,she gave her blood sample and waited in the hospital that time i was really curious and thrilled,when the result came i was on the 9 th cloud the result is positive and we felt extremely happy.
I was happy when my husband surprised me by getting me a purse I wanted for awhile from Amazon.
Found a part-time job doing something I love.
An event that made me happy in the last three months is getting news that my son will receive a full ROTC scholarship.
My colleagues and I managed to meet up with one of our clients, and we had a very fruitful meeting.
2 days before we booked air tickets to go for a tour. which makes me happy.
I caught up with old friends I hadn't spoken to in several months. 
Two weeks ago I chaperoned my son's field trip to the zoo. It was a very nice experience.
I was able to eat out at a restaurant I really liked.
I got a telephone number with my birthdate as the number. I was so happy that I went to my boss and suggested if we can ask our employees to do that. He loved the idea and sold it to our employees. Loved that the idea was appreciated by many.
My oldest child became more stable emotionally.
My grandson came to meet me last week so I was happy
Last Friday  my six year old son won the first prize in the running race in his Grade I Class level competition.  My whole family was very happy .  I gave a beautiful costly dress to him for his success.
MY SISTER'S MARRIAGE
I got a chance to visit few historical places along with my family members two months ago, it was a nice trip and it was the event that made me happy.
my husband took me for shopping and dinner on the same day
When a close friend told me she was letting me stay in her beach house so I could have a wonderful weekend with my sister.
i got job after 4 years, now i am getting good pay
my belly fat is reduced half of amount  from the full . i take more effort and done many sacrifice of eating food. so it will be also my biggest achievement of along with my health consciousness.
The moment they i got accepted to work where i had always wanted, on the airport, as an IT, which lets me do other work in the mean time, like the one i'm doing now.
Just last week I can recall feeling joyous when I received my new internet router form UPS that I ordered. I had been without online service for a few weeks because I just moved into a new apartment.
I was driving in highway, took a break near a Motel and saw a man got hurt in his hands and his car was dashed and dent. 
I went and cleaned his wound and dressed him up - I am a common business man.
We both sat and had dinner and spoke for hours and slept.
Next morning we both hug and shook a depart. That moment is still blissful for me.
meeting a special girl for the first time in my life
Walking around the other day in the city and realizing that spring has finally come
we all went to a summer trip and theme park.played dry games and water games.its interesting
we all went to a summer trip and theme park.played dry games and water games.its interesting
I went to see a stand up comedy show and it was quite thought provoking as well as funny.
For about 4 month I wouldn't be able to listen music outside, because I haven't got headset and after 4 month I buy it.
I found a 100 bucks in an old pair of jeans' pocket.
I visited my college friend's wedding in february, which also served as a get together for our group.
A happy event within the last 3 months that made me happy was taking my dog to the beach with my husband because they enjoy it so much.
I got a puppy from an abusive situation!
I found some photos from years ago, when I first met my current boyfriend and was smitten with him, and it made me think about how lucky I am to have someone like him in my life.
I found out that I can get a game show network with my tv antenna
My husband got a new job after having been jobless for a month.
I went with my daughter at ultrasound exam where doctors said that she is pregnant with a baby girl. 
That is so sweet!  Zara, I speak for everyone here when I say we are just as happy, if not happier about your being here!  You are so nice and encouraging to everyone on the site, and always have the greatest things to say.  You are so uplifting, and it is a trait I really really admire.  Thank you for being such an inspiring person, Zara!  We appreciate you 
Attended one of my cousin's wedding and got a chance to meet many of my relatives after a very long time.
My friend and I started planning a trip to Europe.
My Dad and I are on speaking terms again. 
the sale of my car to one of my best friends
I hit a writing goal this month that I had thought would take longer.
Last night I watched my son perform in his school's second grade musical which was a much better production than I had anticipated.
i went to the film and my favourite hero.this movie is very nice to create innovative film.
2 months back i purchased another phone.
I enjoyed having my son who is in college in Canada come home to visit.
I bought a new (used) car.
LAST WEEK I MADE CHICKEN BIRYANI. FIRST TIME I MADE IT, SO VERY HAPPY FOR THAT
Last week i propose to my girl friend she is accepted my love.I love her last five years now only i told her.This day also my unforgettable moment in my life. 
My german shepherd had an incident where he injured his hip.  The vet told us we might have to make a tough decision.  Two months later after a round of shots of Adequan, he is doing great and won't need surgery.
I was happy when I got my new care 
In last month my brother got a boy baby.It was very happy for me, since i had two girl babies and i like boy baby also.But i could not gained.So i was happy.
My wife and I went out to a brewery that has been open in town for a little while. They have gotten better. It was a rainy day, and we sat there had a few beers, then walked home.
I took a vacation with my family, who I hadn't seen since Christmas.
I went to Chicago with my mom and dad.

My son won the school science fair at his elementary school
I had a follow-up appointment with my doctor after one year to determine the effectiveness of a Reclast infusion, following her reading of results from a bone density test and was thrilled to learned that my bone density had improved dramatically.
My tax refund was deposited in my account.
When my son asked me to go with him to select his tuxedo for his first prom.
Meeting my brother's new dog.  It is so nice to see my brother have a companion as I know my brother has been very lonely for a long while and having this dog to take care of and focus on, gives him a sense of purpose where he is not dwelling on his unhappiness.  This dog has a very kind spirit and his presence is infectious.
My nephew was born
My application for a working holiday visa in New Zealand was accepted.
My son made the Intermediate league baseball tryouts.
I was happy when I found an earring that I lost.
Meeting with friends from the university, after 4 years of graduation.
Visiting Disney World with my daughter
Another happy experience in my past three months is flying a kite with my son.
My nephew tells his mom how proud and cool I am when I am not around.
I cleaned the whole house and it made me feel good, because I'm kinda lazy cleaner.
I bought a new car two month ago and I was very pleased with the decision that I made when choosing a new one.
After I found a my hardbound "Illustrated Classics" which i had misplaced, just by accident when I was clearing up my cupboard.
A good friend of mine just released a new song that is getting radio play. 
Getting to see two friends I hadn't seen in years both in the same day made me very happy.
One of my best girlfriends got engaged. 
My girlfriend surprised me with tickets to go see Chris Rock for my birthday.
Being a stay at home mom, I don't often leave the house to do things I enjoy. Over the last weekend, we found an abandoned place to explore, and take pictures. (photography is a hobby of mine). The location was absolutely beautiful, and it filled me with great joy and happiness to be out exploring with the people I love, doing something I love doing. 
Purchased a food product off of Amazon which I read good reviews about.  I was pleasantly surprised that it appears to match the good reviews which people gave it.
i had helped my mom for cooking.
After several years of treatment, my cancer is under control though not in full remission.
I reached a desirable ranking on my favorite game for the first time.
Last month weather change instantly and my plants were in bad situation,but as a week ago they survived and showed that they gonna make it,the color is back totally and i was so so happy about it.
I did very well on an interview for a potential new job.
I got my school tuition payed off
I had a meaningful conversation with an old friend.
Stopped using drugs.
I celebrate my 30th Birthday on last month. This birth day is most memorable day in my life because lot of friends  celebrate with me like school , college, protest friends  meet in a single day
My husband spent 3 days in the hospital, and was released feeling better than he's felt in months.
I am beginning to work out and I am noticing positive changes in my body.
I bought a nice black three-piece suit for the first time.
The day I thought that I had found someone who I could spend the rest of my life with.
I got a great career compliment from my boss.
around two months back, my sister got engaged to her long time boyfriend of 6 years. they are ready to tie the knot this September and the whole family was happy when she announced the news. 
I brought my bench press inside out of the weather. I went out and carried it in one piece at a time.
I watched the season finale of my favorite show, The Magicians. 
An event that made me happy in the past three months was getting approved to take a field ecology course for next semester.
My grandson's 4th birthday, which we had at our house. Nothing spectacular, just family, but just seeing how much he has grown and matured is mindblowing.
I adopted two dogs last fall. Last month, the one that was having the hardest time adjusting, slept all through the night in my bed. It made me happy to realize she had started trusting me.
I took my daughter to a playground and she really enjoyed herself.
Eating chocolates during lectures , sitting in last benches in class
my mummy birthday celebration function very well 
I got to go home to visit my childhood dog.
When my father gifted me a bike.
My family and I had a special Easter breakfast (actually 3 days of these breakfasts) with cracking Easter eggs (Orthodox tradition) and having Greek pastries we haven't had in a long time. It was very special and we all felt happy.
I took a vacation to the mountains.
I lost 10 pounds.
I planted my first flower bed and made plans to plant more
I went on a trip with my girlfriend it was a nice trip.
I ate some ice cream.  
I attended a party with my coworkers at the home of our boss.
I quit my day job.
I am a Video Editor, I submitted a work on a Television channel 3 months ago. After few days, I got a message through my office email, that was from abroad, Message was , one man (A Doctor) who love the video too much that I submitted, and he appreciated me.   
We had just acquired a large client for work thanks to our efforts.  
My boyfriend confessed to me that he wants to marry me, and is making plans to talk to my dad first. 
My daughter is terrible at spelling. We would practice all week, and yet, she bring home her spelling tests with a lot of misspelled words. Last week, she finally brought home a test that she got a 100% on! YAY!
My daughter was accepted to her College marching band for this upcoming year for her freshman year.  I am so excited to see her on the field and for her to get to perform for big games with the school. 
My son has spent a lot of time in the hospital, and we recently received news that he should have a good long break before the next flare up of his rare disease.
I went on a trip to brazil to see an old friend. 
I bought a new car to replace one that had been totaled in an accident.
I got an excellent grade on my final project in Reaction Kinetics and realized I donat need to take the final exam.
It has been my observation that the happiest of people, the vibrant doers of the world, are almost always those who are using - who are putting into play, calling upon, depending upon-the greatest number of their God-given talents and capabilities

Another event that makes me happy is when my daughters co er the 120 miles and her and my grandkids come to visit.


Being able to find the exact item I need to use as a replacement for something in my house.
Happy Man Park is a well-manicured garden located in Mysore. It is a popular place where both some enjoyable moments. The highlight of the park is the gigantic statue of a Happy Man, resembling Laughing Buddha. The beautifully designed park features wooden bridges, little streams and lush greenery, besides a mini zoo. Visitors can also see hens and ducks roaming around freely in the lawn.
I took my cat for a walk on a leash and he really enjoyed it. He ran around smelling everything and was wagging his tail. I was so glad that I could give him a natural experience like that. 
My sister just got accepted into her favorite college!
Buying a new car. Last month, I bought a new car from a dealership. It was the first time I owned a never used car and it made me happy. I felt accomplished something big. 
last week Attend one of my best friend marriage. i really enjoying and exciting too saw the friend new life. 
In the month of January last i participate jallikattu protest against ban jallikattu. this is good opportunity to known my traditions. 
The day I was hired at my new job I couldn't believe it and I was very excited. 
My youngest and last child celebrated is first birthday.
An event that made me happy was when I received a pc game that I'd been wanting for almost a year.
I ran a good time in my track race. I ran a new personal best in the 800 meters.
This morning, I went out for shopping & purchased a new dual cool A/c for ny son & also immediately installed by the vendor for free of cost.

I got a new job.
A C-level executive spoke to my team and then came by to tell me I was doing a good job managing them.
My sister and I get along, but talk infrequently and she called last Sunday to wish me a Happy Easter.
Meeting Mickey Mouse at the Magic Kingdom and he actually talked to me.
I was driving home with mom from somewhere when I was about 4. There was a bag there in the front seat and I asked what it was. She said it was for me. It was a Playmobil set of a construction site with scaffolding and a megaphone for the foreman. I asked why she got it for me and she said it was for being good. We played with it together when we got home.

To this day I can barely keep it together when I'm reminded of that day
One thing that made me happy was when I started moving up at work and getting more challenging opportunities.
When I didn't have money for 5 days and finally got my paycheck.
I got hired to work for AppleCare. It was a joyful moment since I had been trying to find employment. 
Got my Income Taxes filed on time, big relief.
Me and my spouse got a new car together. This was a car her and I were looking at for a long time, and finally got the funds to get it. 
I jumped into the hot tub after work to relax.
Grilling a piece of chicken on my barbeque grill three days ago. 
I won a snooker tournament with the toughest guy and was very happy and proud
Replaced the fuel pump in a car saving over $500 in mechanic's fees, and the car runs great
I went on a very long walk with my dog, and he was absolutely thrilled. 
I was happy to hear from an old friend. 
Me and my girlfriend started our springtime garden with lots of food and flowers for thew pollinators.
When my 2 y.o. son learn a new word.
My nephews 4 year old granddaughter, told someone they said a bad word! I had to laugh, she is so cute!
I was happy spending and afternoon tasting wine in Santa Cruz with my husband making friends with the other patrons
My guppies had a bunch of baby guppies.
I earned the highest score in a large class at my university on a recent calculus test 
I attended to a concert of my favorite band.
I was happy to find out that a family members cancer is not has grave as I thought at first.
Filling out my vacation form for my upcoming two week vacation made me smile and I was happy.
Another happy moment was when I discovered that my mother was going to have a new baby because I am 31 years old and did not expect to win a brother at that age.
I got an interview for a job that almost 700 people applied for!
Making ground on a big project at work.
I won 50 dollars on a lottery scratch ticket.
my birthday i was with all my best friends
Finishing High School made me happy.
One day, I was waiting to board a plane for an 8 hour trip to Orlando.  The person that was going to be assigned next to me was over 500 lbs and smelly.  Well, he dropped dead of a heart attack prior to boarding.  I got a seat with an empty spot next to me.  It was relaxing.  
A client at my job sent an email to my boss complimenting me which in turn got me a promotion within the next few days. It was a little gesture that pushed the decision of the new positon in my favor.
My son and I spent the day together and had a wonderful time. We went to lunch and starting collecting funko pops together. 
I got promoted. 
An event that made me happy was when a friend from Kansas came to visit me for by birthday. 
I have bought a ps4
Buying a new laptop.
I decided to close my costume shop and focus on selling my artwork instead.
today my little daughter walk individually so i m very happy about that moment
I found a replacement series for a show that I liked.
I mastered performing a song on my guitar using bar chords which I had trouble with for such a long time before.
I take a drawing class at college and I had been making a few bad grades on my project. This week I turned in my most recent project and I got an 94 on it. I was too happy because I worked really hard on that piece.
I was happy when I went off-roading with my friend.
Past 20 days ago my mother in law gave gold chain to my wife which made both of us very happy.
I was watching a television show that was a comedy.  The show is a parody to bad film and I laughed during the show.  
Another time I was happy was the time I found out I got a 100 on my physics exam. I studied really hard for the exam and was really happy to find out that it all paid off in the end.
My niece told me she loved me.
My husband and I took our first vacation in a long time to New York. Walking with him through city streets talking and holding hands made me happy
I successfully ran 4 miles in under one hour.
When my wife set up a river cleaning effort, and it gained support from the community on the first event.
I bought my ps4, got some money and i bought my new video game.
I lost 15 pounds in the last 3 months and that makes me happy.
Finding out we could close on our house sooner than we expected.
I went to a party and flirted with a really cute guy.  We exchanged numbers and he's called me since for a date.
Winning from the DOTA tournament give such happiness.
I painted my apartment into nice colors last month. I enjoy looking it everyda.
I recently started dating someone
On the second home game of the season the Cubs had their ring ceremony and I have not known a happier moment in my life.  
I bought a new Laptop.
My mother cooked delicious foods for us it made me happy
Last tuesday was my birthday, my family members arranged for a birthday party in the evening,I wear a new dress and  I cut the cake everybody wished me, that moment gives me a lot of happiness.
I was happy three weeks ago when my surgeon pulled out the drainage compartment that I had in my abdomen and I was finally done with having to fuck around with doctors, that shit stings like hell by the way, there is a tiny hole it comes out of but man you can feel it, glad to be done with that mess.
I talk and share with a girl I like, since a month ago. I think She likes me too. 
LAST WEEK WE VISITED TO MY NATIVE PLACE AND I MEET A PERSON WHO IS VERY CLOSE FRIEND TO ME DUE TO SOME PROBLEM WE WONT TALK PAST 3 YEARS AND THIS TIME SHE CAME AND TALK TO ME AND WE ARE COMPROMISE. I FEEL SOME THING IN  RELAX MY MIND AND VERY HAPPY.
I was wondering that I got bonus from my company along with my salary.
I quit my job after 24 years of service
I met my old schoolmate
I was lucky enough to hit a hand pay at the local casino.
After a long struggle, our family found an affordable and safe place to live.
Last week i went to a picnic with my friends to hill station which was 80 km far from my house. I enjoyed a lot with my friends in fire camp with lots of happiness.
I had a brief opportunity to spend some time with the love of my life when she was visiting from college for a few days. 
MY BIRTHDAY PARTY CELEBRATED WITH MY FRIENDS
Seeing my younger sister get married made me happy. She's been waiting for the day for a long time and her groom is an excellent man. I was glad to see them commit to each other.
I adopted a dog two months ago; it was a celebration of starting my new life without my ex who hates dogs because I love ogs and have wanted one for a long time.
STUDING WITH MY FRIENDS
enjoy my work
am placed to happy 
I joined the Cuban-American Student Association at University and it felt amazing sharing so much in common with a large group of people. 
I was able to complete a 2 1/2 mile jog at the gym.
I celebrated my birthday.
I very much enjoyed the game to entering the badminton
Today my daughter (step) and i played pokemon outside, she had made various pokemon out of modeling clay and we walked around "catching and battling" them, it was adorable.
I was happy when I received an A for both of my college courses.
We had a birthday party at our locality club house. One of my friend's birthday party was there and we had a good time there. 
The day I found that I was pregnant with another baby boy. 
I built a pond in my garden and Put 10 golden carp fishes in it. It was after many days of heavy digging and effort that I was able to finish it. I am happy to see the fishes thrive in the pond alogn with the natural pond vegetation.
I had a really good double scoop ice cream cone after I had been craving one for month.
I got my hands on Nintendo Switch on day 2 after waiting for several hours in front of Target
While walking in the neighborhood, a neighbor's dog came over and I petted it.
A difficult client of mine acknowledged that the work I did for him a few days back was fast and met his needs and expectations.
My local convenience store was offering free coffee on a day that a big cup of coffee really hit the spot.
Approved for mturk
I was happy seeing my daughter's dance performance in school.
I ate some donuts which was quiet good as it was a flavor I have never tasted before.
I had saved money for buying a mobile of latest technology and finally 2 months back I bought my mobile I phone 7.
I and my girlfriend got engaged a month back . I and my girl friend where in a relationship for the past 1 year. Initially my parents were refusing to accept my girl friend based on their family background. After a great struggle I made my parents to accept the girl last month. I was so happy and I'm still happy for it and I can't wait to get married to my girl.
The day that I got my dream job working with snakes at the zoo filled me with joy. 
My friend sent me a short video of my cat who cannot live with me. 
My roommate won a trip to Thailand. I was very happy for her because she has been waiting for it for a long time
My nephew's operation by stem cell therapy for being mildly autistic was successful. The doctors have given him a good chance of complete recovery.
When I succeeded in launching a new computer training institute with my partners. The premise is located a bit distant from our main office in Burdwan. But the good thing is that it has the beauty of rural India and staying there at night during the first day was a special occasion. 
The day I gave money to a homeless person.
My new phone made me happy because it was my first smart phone.
My cousin's daughter named her doll after me.
when I completed the hike up a mountain in gerogia
Made new friends in college from college event
Last month my close friend told me she was pregnant.
My wife made my favorite meal. I was thrilled to see it out on the table
After not seeing my brother for over a year, he was able to take leave from the Marines to come down and visit this past February.
I found out that I was accepted to present my research at a prestigious national conference.
i visited a orphanage by seeing children made me to felt happy and spent a while with them.
My grandson went on a trip to Sweden with his college professor and wrote a blog about his experience that was published in the local newspaper.
We found out we're able to move back into the rental house we were hoping would come available in time.
We got to see Steve Martin and Martin Short perform live at a show.
Got to see my nephew.
I got a job offer from a competitive program on the other side of the world. 
I felt happy watching my four year old take preschool graduation pictures.
I got a new car for business 14 passenger seater a friend of mind bought it for me 
I felt happy when my mother found a new place for us to live
Went to the dog park the other night, to decompress from a stressful work day.
me and wife today went to kappad beach after a long time, that too after sunset , wah it was a wonderful experience
My husband, son and I had our very first out-of-town in Boracay which we enjoyed so much compared to the first time we went there with our entire family.
One event that made me happy was buying a car and signing all the paperwork for it.
I went to a party and got to visit with old friends that I hadn't seen in a long time.
I am taking a running class at college currently. I was suffering from the stomach flu at the time and still recovering, about 2 weeks ago. Even though I was feeling still sick, I forced myself out of my bed and went to my class. I ran 1.5 miles straight without stopping, and felt very great afterwards. For the rest of the day, I was more active and was able to walk/run throughout the day going around campus and ended up doing 10 miles, my personal best so far.
I got a raise at work.
I went out to dinner with my whole family and my grandma tone of my favorite restaurants.
I finished an important legal matter that took months to complete
I decided to let my son go stay with my mother. This will enable him to finish his school work and start 9th grade on time.
Seeing my children interact with their fellow classmates, have fun and knowing they are becoming good people
My husband and I planned a trip to am amusement park in the next few months.
I was very happy when i brought my sedan car for my family.It was a mind blowing experience when i first drove it.
I reached out to an old friend from the past and we reconnected.
Talking to one of my partners (I'm polymorous) on the phone. He and I had fun fun watching Mystery science theater: 3000 and talking via skype.
I went to a party at a friend's house for his birthday and had a great time talking with and getting to know his friends.
Being able to sort through all the clutter and find a system of organization that makes me fell less reactive.
i will complete my redhat certified system administrator for past 15 days.
I got big bonus from my company before 2 months ago.
MY DAD GIFTED A YAMAHA BIKE TO ME. THAT IS MY PRECIOUS MOMENT .HE BUY THE BIKE AND GIFTED AT MY BIRTHDAY GIFT. MOST PRECIOUS MOMENT OF MINE.
That my friend after losing her dog unexpectedly recently finally got a new dog, as she lives alone quite far away from family, and she is getting over her loss with a new rescued dog that she is having shipped from Texas.
OKC Thunder made the playoffs which made me happy as an Oklahoman
I shared a recipe of mine on YouTube a few months back.  I filmed myself making a dish that I really enjoy and oddly enough, by sharing it with other people and maybe teaching them how to make it too; it makes me happy. It makes me happy everytime I see that I get more views on the video because it means maybe I am teaching my recipe to someone. I think it's really cool.
My husband and I were chatting about something, nothing in particular, when he said he loved me.
My partner built and entered a competition with a robot that he worked really hard on.
I registered my oldest daughter for kindergarten, and she was so excited and looked so grown up.
The day that a sister of my ex-girlfriend made me feel better about myself after the bad breakup.  She explained that I was not in the wrong, and that they don't believe I am the terrible person her sister makes me out to be. 
My girlfriend's brother's son was recognized for his efforts in his sport. 
Something else that made me happy is going over my friend's house yesterday to chill and play board games. It was a good night with good people. 
I went to Disney World with my family last month.
Earlier today I got a new pack of Juicy Fruit Gum, which is my favorite type of gum.
At work I had a customer tell me that my smile was very welcoming and warm.
I passed all my final exams this semester.
I got a good grade on a paper for one of my classes.  I had worked very hard and stayed up all week doing it.  
I became a keyholder at my job
I went over to my friends house and we played with snapchat filters. We had such a good time and laughed a lot.
Another event that made me happy was when I was able to give my old magazines to people on vacation.  I feel happy that I was able to provide them with some entertainment when the weather wasn't so well on the beach.
i will get into the habit of dreaming big are more likely to accomplish their goals than those who don't. If you dare to dream big, your mind will put itself in a focused and positive state
I threw a successful party and everyone had a wonderful time. 
We sold my father's house and could pay his debts.
My dog survived a surgery a couple of months ago, and I was so relieved and happy to still have him with us.
I was offered an amazing new job last week, which I accepted.
it was my son's birthday and he was very happy!
won APS10 on a scratch card.
This morning, my dog was sleeping inside of my shirt--he crawled inside of the shirt while I was wearing it and he fell asleep!
I got a free coffee at Philz.
I returned to my home town after a couple of months off and my dog received me with a lot of enthusiasm.
I got a large bonus on my check from work that was not expected. 
One evening, my friend picked me up to do a little girly shopping and then we joined a third friend for a ladies night out- dinner at a lovely restaurant without the kids!
I met someone new and we have become good friends.
I was really happy when my team won a T20 cricket game championship which was played in our local area.
My girlfriend cooking dinner for me as a romantic evening, being surprised to see that she was thinking of me and did something nice for me.
I finally bought a special Infiniti automatic curling device.
I passed my final exams on my nursing program which means I will be in my 3rd semester in a few weeks. It made me happy because my friends also passed as we are going to be great nurses.
I attended a tribute concert for David Bowie and Sting made a surprise appearance playing one of my favorite songs.
I watched my 6 year old daughter conquer a fear by independently doing a flip over the bar in her gymnastics class.
Two months ago, I was finally accepted into nursing school.
My supervisor at work wrote me a great evaluation where he mentioned specific tasks I had completed that I was proud of.
I spoke to my family on Skype at Easter after a few months of not seeing any of them. 
Shooting guns with some friends. Shooting is one of my favorite hobbies and it was great taking them for the first time 
The day when I got my huge raise at work and and I am able to start saving money now.
I let my dogs run in the big yard.
My grandson graduated for a local Vocational/Technical college.
I taught a class at my former student's martial arts school.
My son and his wife coming over to visit.
I went to Las Vegas for the first time with my friend.
I finished writing an essay I had been struggling with for far too long, which was a huge relief.
I spent my birthday with my girlfriend and we had a lot of great moments that day.
An event that made me happy in the past three months was when the 76ers won on a last second basket.
When my son stayed home to make me happy.
Two weeks ago I passed an exam missing only one question out of one hundred.
Painting my daughters fingernails and toenails.
Another event that made me happy over the last three months was I attended my Army friend's bachelor party.
DRIVING A NEW AUDI CAR
I watched my son do an excellent job in his role in the high school musical.
I got the highest grade in my biology class for the semester. 
After moving into her house, and bonding with her children, her oldest daughter, who was shy at first, eventually warmed up to me and started requesting hugs from me.
I had dinner with two of my best friends.
My boyfriend decided one day to bring home flowers and a card, it made mw feel so appreciated and wanted
I was happy that I didn't owe taxes for the year 2016.
My boyfriend took me to a Japanese restaurant. 
Using my disability money I was able to buy a trailer (aka mobile home aka manufactured home). I now, regardless of what else happens, own my own living space, and have the security in knowing that no one can make me leave.
I had sex with a girl i met from tinder and she was amazing in bed.
A few days ago I found out that the weather was going to be really nice this upcoming weekend, which made me excited.
I took a long walk while listening on my headphones to good music and it was a beautiful afternoon.
My daughter had to write an essay at school about someone she admired and she chose to write about me.
a journey with friends having a lot of joy to me everyone cares about another one and even some jokes on other
Congress was unable to pass a bill replacing the ACA (Obama Care)
It was warm enough now that I started my weekly summer volleyball pickup league that is in its fifth year. It will be fun to catch up with friends. 
My wife and I spent a night away together with another couple where we ate great food, drank great wine and had wonderful conversations in the outdoors.  
I won $20 on a scratch ticket
A friend and I began booking our flights and hotels for our trip to Australia and New Zealand, a trip we have been dreaming about for years.
My Husband got transfered near to our hometown.
We met some cool people in the past few weeks.
Being told "you're exactly who we're looking for" when applying for a part time position.
visiting of my children during vacation
A few weeks ago the sun came out and the temperature warmed up to around 70 degrees for the first time since last summer. This winter it's been quite cold and snowy so the sun felt really good and the temperature was great. I ended up taking my dog for a walk and just enjoyed the outdoors.
I got a new job at a waffle restaurant where I make a lot more money than I every have at a restaurant. 
My son hit a ball that I through to him for the first time. We have been practicing for awhile now and he was finally able to do it. 
I successfully transferred my business to a new owner. 
My parents, brother, and grandparents came to my new house to have a work day outside
I found out that the man I am interested in sings.
I met with long time friends for a long lunch on a Saturday back home. It was wonderful to hear what they've been doing and the changes, the good and the bad. 
I impressed my parents by showing them what I do at work every day and I felt like I made them really proud.
I talked to my dad and my dog on the phone
Whe I graduated
last week me and my friends went for a trip 
i selected national cricket team.
Receiving the news that I passed all of my classes at midterm this semester.
I went out to dinner with my friends
My son hit a baseball for the first time in baseball practice.
I attended a workshop for my job. This included going to a school in Manhattan for a study on curriculum. It was highly informative.
i made a new plan about work process for my company, which would make everything easy and organized. all the staff and higher authorities of company liked my plan and implemented them. they also asked if i had any other plans similar to this and praised for my work.
My other happy moment in last 3 months is when I got promotion and 10% hike in my salary, it was the biggest hike in my salary in my life and not I feel like a king of my home. 
I went to a movie theater, and saw an interesting movie.
I was happy when an old friend stopped by out of the blue.
The day I proposed my lover
I got to have a delicious meal after I was really hungry after a long day at work.
strongly believe that ordinary yet priceless things such as health, family solidarity and closeness, important people like friends who will always be there for you no matter what and job satisfaction can definitely lead to happiness. I am opposed to the belief that money makes everyone happy and replete. Although money and wealth are essential elements for human life as they help people cover their expenses, do things they want and purchase materials people want, I don't think that they are the determinant factors. Furthermore, self-contentment could be another important ingredient for us to be happy. We can be happy with however little we have only if we have the self-satisfaction and self-contentment. 
Sunday church service, it was very uplifting.
I was able to go out with my girlfriend to her appointment and bought us some very good Chinese food at a takeout store and to bring it home so we could both enjoy it.
I was able to distance myself from a very toxic situation.
Last month it was a unseasonably nice day and my husband and decided to take our dogs for a walk. We took them to a really nice park with a lake and walked around and even saw an otter swimming.
I was very happy last Easter Sunday when I and my boyfriend decided to go on wandering around our neighboring towns. We've been to places we've never been. 
My contract for my job was extended. 
When I went to visit my nephews, they met me at the car with a bull frog they'd just caught in the creek. They thought it would freak me out, but it didn't - I thought it was really funny. I love those kids and I enjoyed spending time with them and seeing their frog buddy.
I was able to book my first international cruise with my best girlfriends.
I made my own homemade lemonade. 
My friend gave me $2000.00
My mother received a good report from her surgeon regarding her recovery progress on Tuesday last week.
On march 26th I was dropping my daughter off at my parents house before I went to work. When we were saying our goodbyes I gave her a kiss and she kissed me back. I was so surprised to already get my first kiss, she was only 3 months old.
Got an amazing grade on a research paper I worked really hard on 
I was in the drive though line at Starbucks and when I pulled up to the window to pay for my drink the cashier told me the lady in front of me already paid for me. I decided to pay it forward and pay for the car behind me which was a great feeling!
Despite having scheduling conflicts, I was able to meet with some friends and spend some time with them on a small vacation.
We played with our kids at a really fun little place that had basketball hoops - in a smaller size, good for 6-12 year olds - and other physical games like that. We played for about an hour. It was new to us, and the boys had a blast. They took turns, and really enjoyed each other. No fighting, no sad faces. It was wonderful.
The day i got new job in new company with high salary.
When I understood finally what my formula was to lose weight.
I watched one of my best friends place first in a powerlifting competition today.
I went out for a party after four long years and had a lot of fun and it felt really good
when i saw a smartest person of my life virat kohli i wanna marry him but unluckily he is already booked but i will evr love him.
This was when i realized my efforts are working and i am able to stay as a witness for long.
My husband and I went to mineral water spa, spent entire day relaxing there, afterwards had a dinner at a restaurant.
The day I reach UAE.
I bought Google Pixel smart phone last month.
An email from sister telling me a visit by me would make a lot of people happy.
I took a relaxing bath and got a back rub from my girlfriend, which really got rid of my stress.
One day I went to my relatives home. There, our family loves a lot. We usually speak a lot and will have the fun. One day we went to picnic. We took all the necessary things for cooking. We cooked a delicious chicken curry. It is very likable to my family and me. We enjoyed a lot there.
Meeting my brother and sister after a long time at the airport. I was waiting for them since morning at the airport. When they arrive we hug each other and all of us went to hotel, as both of them were new to the city i toured them to the city, and i can feel them how they were happy like me
I got a raise after all of my hard work at my job. I am in complete.
Last week, while out on a date with a very special girl, I experienced what can only be described as love at first sight.
I received an escrow refund check.
My girlfriend came to visit me.
I had a get together with my high school friends. 
My ex-employer who was horrible lost their business due to their ineptitude.
I had the opportunity to spend a weekend with our grandchildren two weekends ago.  We had a great time going to the park, playing ball and enjoying our time together.
I was happy when I discovered that I only have 15 classes until I can graduate.
The day I visited a new hill station
My son turned 2 years old in March, and he is the youngest of our 3 children, this day was a huge event for my family because he is the only boy.
I got a promotion and a raise at work that was completely unexpected.
The day I was offered a new job position and went back to work.
My boyfriend and I spent a rainy day watching a marathon of every Pixar movie ever made
i got to see the first Falcon 9 first stage to be reused as part of an orbital flight.
I found some a composer whose music I like and was able to download his sheet music for free and begin to learn to play. 
I spent the day with my partner just chilling - reading, picnicking, hiking.
My son was moved to first heat for his track events. This is quite an accomplishment for him and I am extremely proud of him for his efforts.
The day i heard that my job is going to be permanent.
MY HUSBAND AND I HAD OUR 51ST WEDDING ANNIVERSARY
My friend was suffering from anorexia recently and I reached out to her, hand-made and drew her this big card with everything she loves and wrote a message inside telling her how she is funny, smart, and makes everyone happy, and so on, along with this I gave her a box of goodies which included things like a movie and a candle.

It took her a few days to receive the card and at the time I was feeling a bit down myself, suddenly my phone beeped with these messages of absolute happiness and that I was able to make just one person's day, or even week just a bit better made me so happy.
I spent the day with my 5 year old niece. I took her shopping and out for ice cream.  She doesn't live close to me, so it was a treat for both of us!
The next event that made me happy was going to France! It was a long time coming and I finally got around to doing it. 
One another event was when my parents came and stayed with me for 2 weeks. I miss them a lot.
Throwing a surprise Birthday party for my best friend. 
My step-son and daughter's combined third birthday party was yesterday. 
After a month of not seeing college friends, we all met up on campus, played video games, and got drunk.
my wedding day is the best memorable event in my life.
My five year old son told me that he loves me so it's his job to take care of me after surgery. 
I finally quit my job, after 6 years of being mistreated and taken for granted.
I got a translation certification in the field I've been studying for several years.
I got a text that my child felt better from a stomach ache.
I lost ten pounds. 
I published a paper that got a lot of press.
i discovered i can manage people
My boyfriend surprised me by cooking dinner.
I met a guy named Chris at the gas station that was selling the exact engine and drivetrain I had been looking for, at the low price of only 600 dollars. 
My sister visited my home, Me, my wife, my son and daughter very happy
I was happy being cast in a local film.
My daughters enjoying their lives. 
I was very happy to receive positive results on an over due doctors appointment.
Making the first sale for a startup that I work for brought in a sense of accomplishment as well as confidence for future sales.
I made money online
 Another event that happened in the past the months to make me happy was when I got hired on a cruise boat.  It is an awesome job and I'm surrounded by good people. 
big event..she is the one and only doctor in my family and my place also
Learning how to made extra money doing side hustles. I often search online for more streams of extra income and use them to help pay off my student loan debt
I was off work on Monday after Easter. This gave me a four day weekend. It felt great to be off work for four days.
I gave my friend a ticket to go see a concert for their favorite band.
Coming home from work and seing that my daughters had cleaned my living room made me happy.
MY BROTHER CALLED TO WISH ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
I got to take a nap on a rainy day, and when I woke up I had found that my kitten had chosen to snuggle up beside me.
When I decided to embark on a career change - I essentially left a job that was making me very unhappy and unfilled and decided to start my own business and focus on other pursuits.
I attended a local fiesta event with my girl friends where we drank wine and sampled food from many local vendors.
When I found out I got the transfer at work that I wanted, I was thrilled.
I felt happy when my boyfriend came home from his work trip. He had been away for a month and I was missing him a lot. So.when he came home I was so happy to see him.
The day of my brother marriage we met with many relatives after long time and we have a great get together and bring smile in Every face.So basically all cousin are met and have a great fun.
My girlfriend and I spent the day out and about.
Taking my little dog to pet smart, 
I saw a guy I hated get hit by a car.
I spent Easter with my Aunt and Uncle, who I usually only see for Christmas. I got to see their new house. I even got to use their dishwasher, which I enjoyed because my families dishwasher has been broken for almost a year now. They even said we could take their old dishwasher, which still works if we could figure out a way to take it with us.
See win the soccer team of my region, the game was a classic against the most difficult rival.
I bought tickets to a music festival.
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me "I don't know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this much"My husband birth day party at the moment happy in life.
Watching my granddaughter paly in the bathtub made me very happy.
I was able to group multiple rounds in a 3 inch diameter with my new 1911.
I was happy when I fit into a smaller size of jeans after working on losing weight and running more frequently.
I went to a baseball game with my father.
My mom was not able to get me a jacket at christmas time because it was sold out, but she was able to buy it for me later and surprised me with it a few months later. 
I traveled to Maui to stay with my son and granddaughter for 2 weeks.
I finished cleaning and organizing the garage, now we can find everything!
Going to a college football game with my daughter.We have fun cheering for out team. 
My supervisor at work told me that he is retiring at the end of this year.  I really do not like my supervisor so I am looking forward to his retirement probably more than he is.
I paid off a huge chunk of my student loan.
I was happy to celebrate my child's 2nd birthday. 
I was happy when I took my daughter to seaworld for the first time she is only three and loves the sea animals.
Two brilliant interns that I hired were promoted to junior artists and they're both loving their jobs.
i was recently able to secure a small but cozy condo that i have had my eye on, my husband and i have moved in and we love the place.
I was given a bonus and a raise at work. 
THE BORN OR MY GRANDCHILDREN FROM MY DAUGHTER HAVING IN MY ARMS FOR VERY FIRST TIME IS WAS A VERY HAPPY MOMENT
I went to a car show and entered a raffle in which I won a 25 dollar Starbucks giftcard.
My two daughters sent me a plane ticket to join them for my upcoming birthday.
I was awarded a fairly large graduate assistantship at a university I had recently applied to.
I had successfully cooked salmon all by myself. I was nervous about attempting to cook fish for the first time.
I was happy when I discovered a new recipe that I really liked.
When I heard the insurance company had generated my check. 
I got an A on an exam I spent a whole week studying for. 
My boyfriend and I attended a concert out of town, which we had a very great time.
When I came home from work, my two cats were at the door to greet me.
My grandson was accepted at a nice private school.
I have been dieting to lose weight before hip replacement surgery and yesterday when I pushed myself up from sitting in a chair, I noticed it was much easier.
I was happy in the past three months to be given an opportunity to interview for a position I've wanted for many years.
1. My mom traveled across the country to visit me 
Another event that made me happy in the past three months was being able to take a trip to Europe with my husband and daughter.
Another event that made me happy was celebrating my niece's birthday.
I found and got a home under contract and it was my dream home.
1 month ago, I saw 69 kg. at the bathroom scale for the first time in 2 years, and felt very happy. My goal is to be 60 kg but I could not manage to weight less  than 70 kg. until that day.
One of my students remembered my birthday although I only mentioned in the classroom once and in the middle of other things. It was a small but pleasing surprise.
finding out that my mayoral candidate did well in a caucus. It was a competitive race, still is, but he did well.
The day I went to the beach and to the waterfall afterwards.
The moment I got accepted back into college after my gallbladder surgery! 
I was happy when I got to spend time with my neice and nephew who live very far away and I do not get to see often.

3 months ago I got my first job as a professional in engineering
I was cooking a butter cake this morning, and my daughter decided to grab a hold of me and squeeze really tight and said, "I love you mommy, and when will the cake be ready?  I have the best mommy ever."   She is 9.   I am very blessed.
I was very happy to receive a few nice birthday gifts from my girlfriend in Feb.!  I love getting presents but from her they were extra special to open and see.  
An event that made me happy was skyping with some friends from college for a meeting of our online book club.
While taking a break from my computer work, I went outside and stood in a sunny spot, and listened to the birds and felt the breeze and warm sunlight upon my face, and I just had this calm and happy feeling inside.
Getting to go to my parents house and see my dog.
I received a promotion at work and one that i have been wanting for so long.
Another event that made me happy was the day I found out how to sell music online.
The girl I wanted to date sent me a message me out of the blue.
I had a really nice weekend with my boyfriend over my birthday weekend.
Spending a really great day with my whole extended family at my dad's house. 
Getting a good grade in microbiology.  I have not had time to study with work but I felt good knowing I could at least regurgitate information from a lecture.
I went for a walk during our lunch break with my coworker who is also a mom.
I applied for a position with a local non-profit that I wasn't quite qualified for, and the response of my interviewer was that I was their best candidate because my references were some of the most impressive folks and gave stellar views of my character.
I was happy when I spent an afternoon exploring downtown with my boyfriend. 
I finally completed the school yearbook for my children's elementary school.
I have gone for a walk three days in a row.
Spending a daughter/mommy day with my daughter.
Finding out my sister is moving closer to home made me happy because I'll get to see her and her family more often.
I booked a vacation to Disneyland to surprise my kids this summer. 
I was happy after an inital shock of finding out that I am expecting for the fourth time.  I was happy because I have all boys and it gave me hope of having a little girl a dream I have had my whole life as I have thought that what I should have been having the whole time even thought I love my boys more than anything.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months is when DSCE finally made a support order and I started receiving child support.
I was offered a photography job from an acquaintance who is familiar with my work. 
Watching my neighbors dogs makes me happy.  She has 3 and they're so sweet. She also pays me which is a huge bonus.
Last week, I started training for a new job.
When I decided to create my own company and actually succeeded, it made me happy.
I found a necklace I thought I had lost.
I got biopsy results back that I was convinced would be bad. They were not.  
I was happy when my son with dyslexia completed reading a chapter book all by himself.
I made plans with a friend I had not seen for a few months.
I felt so happy taking my kids on a shopping spree to Old Navy!
We took a weekend trip to a beach community in the off season.  It was great family time with just the right amount of relaxing and doing things.
My son learned a new word.
When I went hiking a month ago on my own, I was happy because it was beautiful outside and I got to enjoy nature and relax while also feeling health and good about my body. 
When I heard my daughter was pregnant, I was so happy and couldn't wait for the birth of my 12th grandchild.  On April 10, he was here.  This was a wonderful and joyful event for me.  
another small but weird one - a package that I was waiting for, arrived.  It was some mixed emotions because I tracked it online and it says it was delivered,  but I did not see it by the mailboxes or in front of my door.  I kind of freaked out because I thought it got stolen, but it was placed in a package locker that I have in my building.  So, I was doubly thrilled that it arrived as I was anticipating it, AND it was not stolen
I went out on a date swing dancing.
Finishing a story that I had been working on for a while made me happy.
I have been learning a second language and a native speaker complimented me on my language skills.
completed a car repair that saved me hundreds of dollars
I often go to old age home and i spent time with them. I provide food and clothes for them. They feel very happy.
I was feeling poorly after eating badly for a week due to constraints on my income. My husband brought me simple chocolates, because he knows how much I enjoy that kind of candy. It was sweet of him, and made me feel valued and loved. I am still smiling about it.
I ate a a burger at the place considered to have the best burger in Chicago for the first time.
The day I received a copy of my favourite author's book on the first day of release as a gift from my husband.
Being alive and enjoying life after my surgery.
THIS MONTH MY SISTER'S WEDDING DAY
My mini garden on my apartment balcony is starting to really explode in growth and soon the plants I started out as seeds will be flowering, and hopefully some will produce fruits and vegetables.
went on a holiday with my family. it was a much needed break. totally had fun.
It was when my sister got married off to the person she loved.
My sister and I had been together since forever. We shared (and still share) a bond that needed no physical presence to strengthen itself but that day I realized how much I needed to be with her and get tickled by her.
It was indeed heartwrenching to see my sister going away but simultaneously I was so much relieved by the fact that my brother-in-law loved her like anything.
After a long fight with the city that I live in, I won a fight to have some city owned trees removed from my property. After 10 years of them breaking during just about every single wind, ice and snow storm, the satisfaction of not having to deal with them anymore and the fact that my property looks much better really makes me happy. 
I paid my car off in full last month.
My dad bought me a new car that I have been wanting for a long time!
My wife gave me a watch as gift for my marriage anniversary
Getting praise from my supervisor for a project I have been working on for 6 weeks. 
I finally was able to get the car of my dreams a few months ago. When I thought it would take me years to get the car I wanted, it turned out that I would be getting the car sooner than I thought. 
I accompanied my friend to the hospital for a sonogram and it went very well for her. 
I bought a new phone, it's top of the line and it's really expensive and I was saving for it for a long time and I felt happy to finally able to purchase it and use it.
The day I met my roommate from college again after a span of more than 3 years!
I helped cook a healthy meal with some family members who were visiting from out of town.
A friend surprised me with the coffee and food I had been craving for weeks when she found out I was really sick. 
Recently, I purchased a stroller/bike hitch for my dog, whose breed cannot deal with long distances but she absolutely loves nature. I haven't had a lot of good things happen to me up until these last two years. I got to buy a bicycle, with my hard-earned money, and bring it home so I can take her on long bike rides through the beautiful bike trails we have here. The feeling of being able to not only provide for myself, but for others is something I can't describe.
When my nephew got a government job made me feel very happy.
Another event that made me feel happy was losing weight. The medication that I'm on cause me to gain weight. It is discouraging to work out for hours and to change your diet only to find out that you gain more weight. About 3 weeks ago, I decided to add swimming to my exercise list. The results has been wonderful. I lost 5 pounds so far. While 5 pounds may not mean much to most, it makes me happy since I had only previous been gaining weight.  
My Grandson rolled over for the first time.
Well it was my week off the next day and I was called to office by my manager. But I had some urgent work at home and did not want to go to office. The next day when I was getting ready and just about to leave for office, my manager called up and informed that I need not come to office as they  had found an alternative. Well that made me very happy that day
A friend of mine said I was one of her closest and most trusted friends, and I made a difference in her life.
My birthday was a few days ago.  The employees in the office bought me cupcakes with purple icing.  The purple icing was to symbolize my favorite artist Prince.  I walked into my office and the desk was lined up with purple cupcakes.
It made me really happy when my newborn niece has a part of my name in hers.
long days my favour my son punal marriage, last two month We have celebrated this function in all our family enjoy this day.
awarded as the best student of the year .
I went to the beach for the first time this year on the Oregon Coast last Friday. Last Friday was a warm dry day that I was very excited for because it rains all the time here in the winter. I decided to take my daughter to the beach on the warmest day of the year so far and on that day I was happy.
I lost 10 Pounds doing a strict exercise and diet plan. 
My friend finally moving out of reading, Pa.
New bike
One of my best friends got a good-paying job after looking for a long time.
Me and my husband bought a new house last month.
when i got passed in my mba exams with good marks.
I went to other city to meet my friend and since i met another friend to whom i had not met since our college days and that moment actually was surprise and made me very happy. to see my friend after so long and meeting them made me very happy.
I HAVE BOUGHT A NEW RING.
Pride in my daughter's response to a difficult situation at school
We had a barbecue for our family and friends last weekend. Everyone came over to our house and enjoyed playing games and eating the good food we cooked for them. 
I had sex with a girl i found attractive.
Well, what made you leave your old job in the first place? Whatever the reason, it is most likely still there and not going to change any time soon. Considering that, it sounds to me that you are right in thinking this won't be a wise decision in the long term. Think about how hard, unfair and embarrassing it might be for you to quit a job you returned to after 3 months, for the second time. You should only go back if you are absolutely 100% sure you are going to stick at your old job for a least another year, if not more. If that thought makes you miserable - don't go back. Cause you won't be able to leave in a dignified way.
I was really happy when I started getting my pending payment.
 
My wife and I finished our fire pit together.
I was given an opportunity to talk in a gathering.
I realized I am at my goal weight after dieting for a few months.
Last week i am participant the cricket tournament in my office. i get 50 runs and 5 wickets.
My team won the match. i get the man of the match award. I am really very happy.
I participated in a gift exchange & received some lovely goodies!
My daughter and I went to the County Youth Fair two weeks ago and we had such a great time, we go every year and we watch all the shows, enjoy great food and get her face painted.
WHEN MY MOTHER GOT FREE FROM CANCER
The day i got married to my husband
Yesterday, my Cleveland Cavs swept the Pacers in the first round of the NBA playoffs.
my happiness is my friends
Watching my son pitching in a JV game (he's 14) and doing a fabulous job, especially when the team got its first win! 
I bought a new car for my use which is the happiest moment
I won a certain sum of money and was able to pay some bills.
Last Valentines Day when my wife and I got to spend the night in a very nice hotel and had a romantic dinner without the kids.
I was happy when I passed my glucose test for gestational diabetes.
I had a birthday party with all my friends.
I was able to take off work to go to Detroit and spend Easter with my family.
I received an at home seasonal part time work position grading papers in the education field that I wanted. 
I received a pay raise and a bonus at work.
Meeting a friend after 2 months made me happy.
A few weeks ago, I found out that the baby that I am pregnant with is a girl. While I would have certainly been happy if it were a boy as well, I am still incredibly excited to learn more about that baby that we are going to have.
Yesterday my wife hit an important goal with our business. She had been struggling to get out of her comfort zone so I was excited to see her grow and change.
Just the way he said it cheered me up. I couldn't stop smiling for the rest of the day!
Experiencing warmer spring weather during the past few weeks.
When I see netflix with my girlfriend on weekends
I had my birthday and got a lot of cool gifts from friends and family -- including a new xbox.
My daughter sat right next to me telling me all about her day at school while I was doing dishes.
Got a appreciation form my senior manager for the successful completion of the work.  
Coming home and finding 2 bunnies eating in the garden was a joyous moment.
My wife and I played hooky and went to an ice cream place we love at ten o'clock in the morning.
My girlfriend and I made passionate, fulfilling and mind altering love.
2 months ago I got a good job, is also a happy moment in past 3 months.  
Visiting my college roommate at her apartment in New York City, catching up and hearing about her new life there. 
Having dinner with a good friend and her daughter.
tested a theory successfully. all these events are mixed, some happy aspect and some not. 
Attending the memorial of Christ's death.
Another thing that made me happy was when someone told me that they had nominated me for employee of the month.
I got a new job with better pay and close to where I live
I celebrated at a birthday dinner for my oldest son where my entire family was present.
My girlfriend got to go to Europe, which is something she always wanted to do.
After leaving town for four days to visit a friend in Munich, I returned to my cat and played with her.
I went to a trampoline park with my two sons for my youngest son's birthday.
Watching "Doctor Strange" on Vudu. It was another entertaining Marvel movie and I was glad to finally catch it.
It made me happy that my Dad stopped over-taking his pain medication. 
Another event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when I won a sports betting tournament and won $500.
My 1.5 year old son said Mama for the first time. 
I am new to working on my team with my manager Andy. He seems very understanding on one side and very serious on the other side. He recently awarded me with 500 points for being on his team.
I helped my son learn how to ride a bike. 
My first anniversary with my boyfriend.
Someone paid for my groceries at the grocery store.
When my boyfriend brought home a small piece of candy, unasked
My cousin in Sweden let me know that we will be able to go into my great-grandfather's house on an island in Sweden.
The day an old friend visited from out of town. 
My friends and I participate in a bar trivia league and our team won last week. It felt good to have fun with friends and win money after we finished with the most points out of all the teams. 
I purchased tickets to go see Metallica when they come to Arizona.
My husband bought me a dozen roses and took me out to a romantic dinner and evening.
A lack Happy leck.
We are able to save money.
I volunteered at a homeless warming shelter during a winter storm and was able to help dozens of people.
An event that made me happy was when we took our oldest son to tour his college choice with just his dad, him, and I.
I have raised my grade in a college course that I thought would be impossible. This boosted my confidence and made me really proud of myself. 
At my son's Taekwondo class he was surprised by the instructor at the end of class because she gave him a special reward (a cool key chain) for doing such a great job during class.
I WENT FOR A SHOPPING IN CHENNAI TWO MONTHS BEFORE. I PURCHASED NEW TRENDY CLOTHES. I WAS VERY HAPPY AND IT SUITS ME WELL.
Exams are over and now its chill time
My nephew started to sit in the chair by himself and mostly do things without supervision.
Being able to play collegiate softball.
i live in a very dry place in Venesuela and it is rainning right now.
I am very happy when i got my first job
I adopted a kitten from our local animal shelter.
At valentines, I got a surprise package delivered from my mom, a box of my favorite pears. 
I went on a week long Caribbean vacation.
When I met my old school teacher at the super market and she recognised me by name. 
My wife told me she believed in me.
My next happy event was visiting my new granddaughter, who is almost 9 months, old and spending a week and getting to know her little personality. 
 
A stranger complimented a scarf I was wearing that I had made.
When my daughter insisted to buy some food for an old lady standing on the street.
I went to Orioles opening day and they won on a Mark Trumbo walkoff home run
I stepped on the scale and found that I had lost a significant amount of weight.
I was able to pay off my credit card debt in less time that I had anticipated. 
My pet ferret made me laugh with her playfulness and affection.
I work full time and don't often have much time to do activities with my close friends, but this past week, I was able to spend some time gaming and chatting with my friends. 
I had a cheese pastry yesterday for free at Panera.
I met my 9th grade English teacher on Facebook after a five or six years. She played an important role in my life and when I found her on Facebook, I was elated. She was the reason I began writing and she was the reason I actually enjoyed it. She had just started out her teaching career with us, and it was wonderful seeing her grow with us. She was fun, funny, carefree, smart, and magical. She was the best teacher I've ever had and I owe her a lot. 

When I found her on Facebook, I immediately sent her a friend request. I didn't think she'd accept my request or that she'd remember me, I was in for a sweet surprise when I saw that she accepted and she had sent me a message. It was something like, "Wow! It's been so long since I've seen you! How are you doing? You've grown to be a beautiful woman!" We started chatting with each other and I found out that she had changed schools - states, actually. She was doing well.

I informed her of my writings on Quora, my articles that were published, and my short stories (which I'm still working on a new one). She was proud of me, I mean, exceptionally proud. She said she knew that I'd grow as a writer because she could see the passion in me. I actually had tears in my eyes when I read her message. It was an amazing feeling to know that I've done my teacher proud, especially one that had a significant role in my life.

How does it feel to meet my teacher? It was amazing, I can't express the joy I felt when I found her on Facebook and actually started having a conversation with her.
I went to a baseball game with my spouse, we sat up in the bar and drank beers and chit chatted about the game. the sun was out the air smelled like junk food. People all around were laughing and having a good time It was great. 
See my country manifest against a government that represses them
My daughter said "mama" for the first time.
I recently started leasing my own apartment, which is bigger and has more amenities than my last.
Being able to have my favorite meal for breakfast recently which is perfect for me.
I got a good grade on a huge English paper. 
my husband telling me he liked the birthday invitation I'd made for my daughter. 
I played cricket after years with my village friends made me exited. I got 10 days holidays to spend time with family. I was invited by village friends to play cricket, the game I played 4 years ago. I was really happy that I was able to bowl with line and good speed and took 4 wickets.
I bid on two old wooden rocking chairs in a local auction and won them.
My husband cleaned our sons milk bottles without me asking him.
One of my lizards stopped eating as soon as I left town, but a week before I came back home she started eating again. I makes me happy knowing that my pets are happy and healthy.
I had an awesome Sunday that I spent with one of my nieces who lives in Boston.  We did our own mini bar crawl and had a great day and night.  It was really nice to spend time with her.
When I my crush smiles for first time.
My friends and I went to Escape Room for my birthday.
My favorite football player made a great game and the team won.
When I ate a lot of food that my grandmother made. It was amazing
I found out I was getting a raise at work starting in July! My co-worker told me months before I was supposed to know and I was so happy.
In the past two months, my family moved to new apartment where we felt more comfortable for living with good environment around.
I went out to dinner to catch up with an old friend.
I was happy when one of my friends from high school came to visit me at school.
my husband surprised me with new car.
My husband and I bought an additional Russian Tortoise and were happy to welcome her!
I took my children to Medieval times and they had a blast. 
We celebrated my daughter's 15th birthday.
I got to take my kids to the zoo.
I felt like a hero and I was very happy, when i saved a dog.
My pride and joy, Meeka, a beautiful, 2-year-old Tabby cat, escaped from my apartment when I wasn't home. My roommate had accidentally let her slip past him when he came home from work. I live next to a four lane highway. I feared the worst. Online I found out that cats can sometimes get lost out there and need something with their scent to make it back home. I immediately grabbed her favorite chair and blankets she had laid on and put them all out on the porch. Within a few days she returned, hungry, but safe! She also gave me a litter of kittens that I am now taking care of! 
Last week I found $50 in the pocket of my jeans that I had thought I had lost.
I bought a new cell phone.
I became happy when I finished my thesis paper for Law School.
I found out I won a state award for work that I performed.
Another time I remember being happy is when I purchased a car that I had previously owned.
I was happy when I made a huge trade and came away with big profits.
My huge mastiff-poodle mix puppy finally learned how to get up the stairs all by herself without my help or encouragement.
Getting internet after many weeks.

I found an experienced realtor that is willing to help me find a new home to purchase and sell for a profit.
When out to dinner with my son and husband we were discussing marriage and partners. My son commented that he used our relationship as an example and that his dad was lucky because he had found the "perfect woman" ( meaning me) 
I got booked to be in a movie featuring Kevin Hart.  
My smallest granddaughter told me she love me for the first time
Last week, I was examining our company's message board when I saw that I was being promoted early.  I was anticipating my promotion in October/November, but the message stated I would be promoted as early as July.
I tasted a delicious chocolate bar
I received $60 for my birthday.
The day that my ex-husband just called to talk to me. 
Buying my girlfriend flowers.
Last Sunday I went with my family (wife, daughter and dog) to an outdoor event on a public park near home. 
In the event we met with several friends that we had not seen in a while. We ate organic and homemade food in stands that were placed temporarily at the park.
We received an email indicating that we were approved to rent the house we had applied to rent.
I was reelected social chair for my theatre company, which is one of my favorite things in the world! 
I went outside for a walk 
At the beginning of April, I started to notice that the flea medicine we administered to the cats is working as I am no longer being eating alive and living a miserable life.
I switched jobs to a new store, it's awesome and I like everybody.

While doing laundry one cold bitter morning I found fifty dollars which was extremely helpful.
The depressive period that I've been in for the last 2-3 years has finally lifted to the extent that I'm able to meet my basic needs, and complete basic activities of daily living. 
I got my first decent car.
I performed well at the stand up comedy festival.
I had complications from a colonoscopy and the bleeding eventually stopped after 1 1/2 months of the problem occuring
I went for a 60 minute run.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when I had Easter dinner with my parents. 
I played with my niece and nephews.
2. My boss told me in front of our executive director that i'm doing an excellent job.
Once you accept the fact that life is not fair, you'll be more at peace with yourself. Instead of obsessing over how unfair life is, just focus on what you can control and change it for the better.
With today's politicians, bankers, lawyers and public service executives, it is hardly surprising that old farts like me and my wife (that's a novelty today) resort to remembering old times to grasp at happy memories and feel better
I traveled to a beach in Florida for vacation and spent time with my family.
When I laid down to go to sleep, my cat nudged me, laid with her back against my face, purred loudly, and flipped over half way because she wanted me to scratch her stomach.
When my girlfriend called me on my birthday and later that day gave me a present.
When my husband told me he decided to quit his second job in order to spend more time with the family.
A few days ago I discovered a Youtube series that I really like and showed it to my sister. The series has the same sense of humor that we do, and it has made me laugh out loud and smile multiple times since I've been watching it.
About a month ago a friend i had not seen in years came to town and stayed with me for a weekend.
I did my first hike of the season several weeks ago, and that made me happy. The trail ends in a waterfall, and sitting, watching the water pouring over the rocks under a brilliant blue sky was a fantastic moment. 
Not anybody can brag about having a mentor at their job. A mentor is not only a teacher, it is the person that inspires you, the person from whom you want "steal" the knowledge's of the job or you want to enjoy his "success secrets".
My husband bought me new comic books I couldn't afford at the time.
Drinking a ginger tea , that's all there is , this week hasn't been very exciting or happy , in fact it's been rather tiring and stressful but it's fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.Talking and laughing with my friends and family makes me happy.I slept throughout the night hugging the man that makes my heart beats fast and giving me laughs.

I broke up with my girlfriend of six months!
I was happy when my daughter learned something new at school.
A new acquaintance paid for my ice cream.  
I was so happy when my daughter called me yesterday and told me she had a job interview today. She has been looking for a job for a long time. I finally stepped in and sent her links to multiple jobs I had found. She followed through and she also has another interview this week. I am so happy that she is moving forward and being responsible.
After my daughter finished high school, seeing her go off to college.
We recently moved in to a house we had been remodeling.
last moth me and my family members are going to temple its very long trip and we enjoy well 
I bought a new fridge.
My husband got a doctor to run an important medical test and now we are hoping he will get help more because before no doctors would listen.
I finally bought a new car after saving money for years to buy it.
Helped foster a mother dog and her 8 puppies for 3 weeks. All dogs were eventually adopted
My daughter and her husband moved back from California and now live within an hour's drive from us.
The second event that made me happy in the past 3 months is recovering from an injury. I tore my ACL last year. And this past week has been one of first times I've been able to run on it again.
I had lunch with friends.
THE DAY MY DAUGHTER ASKED ME FOR A HUG AND KISS AND TOLD ME SHE LOVES ME.
An event that made me happy in the last 3 months was getting off from work on a Friday evening and being able to enjoy my weekend.
I drove to my friends house for a all day grill out in beautiful sunny warm weather
Another event that has made me happy was taking an hour long walk after dinner tonight, to Dollar General. It wasn't the walk persay, it was the cool weather, the scenery of my neighborhood, and of course, listening to Kevin Gates' "Satellites" sure made the mood.
I decided to leave my jerk of a husband.
My favorite food was on sale at 50%.
WHEN MY GRAND CHILDREN CAME TO VISIT ME 
I actually won money on one of those lottery scratchers.  I usually don't put much faith into those as I usually end up winning nothing.  But I purchased one when I went to the grocery store as I had change for the machine.  I ended up winning $100.  I was so happy as it was so unexpected.  It isn't a whole lot of money but it was more than I expected to win.
How much a social event can mean to a person.
I had the opportunity to travel to San Diego for work and thoroughly enjoyed spending time at the beach, touring the city, and seeing the sights.
Buying food for children that was begging in the streets of my town. My country economy is the worst of the continent and children are the number one victims of this chaos. I was waiting in the line of a local bakery. This 8-12 years old boy he approached me and asked me for some money to buy food, but instead of giving him money I decided to buy him 4 pieces of bread and 3 pounds of cooked ham. Besides that I bought 2 liters of orange juice for him. I felt very happy and satisfied for what I did, seeing the face of the smiling child, I knew I had done well.
THIS SUMMER MY FAMILY MEMBERS VISITED A THEME PARK, WHAT AN EXPERIENCE, FEEL, JOY THAT'S REALLY WONDERFUL.ENJOYED ALL THE RIDES AND WATER SLIDERS. 
I got bonus from my boss for my work appreciation in last week as a cash payment.
I went to my favorite produce market.
I went to the casino and won a good chunk of money.
I booked a Disney trip. 
I found out one of my best friends is moving back to the area where I live.
Free product to review from a really nice cosmetic site.
My cat finally had a solid bowel movement, which is an embarrassing thing to be happy about, but she had severe constipation for weeks.
My college student son sent me a text that said "Mom, I Love You."  
The day we won the championship final, it was INCREDIBLE

Recently my girlfriend told me that we are having a baby and that made me happy. Another event that made me happy was going to the casino and winning some money.  Lastly living in San Diego always makes me happy.
We adopted a retired search and rescue german sheperd dog.
My family lives kind of apart and at my dad's birthday we all met together and went to a restaurant. We had a great meal and a lot of fun. We talked a lot and everything was perfect. Everyone was happy - I could feel it! 
The day I received a big salary bonus
The day I visited the Smithsonian Air and Space Museum, a place I always dreamed of going to.
I felt happy last week when the clothes i ordered online fit me perfectly.
Gifted my sister a new phone.
I spoke about the calendar system to an audience of about 100 people.
An event that made me happy in the past three months was being able to fly in an airplane. I do not frequently travel and it is commonly done by car. Being able to experience the thrill of taking off, flying, and landing in an airplane is an event I will not soon forget.

Although I was not excited about the Super Bowls participants, I wash very pleased and ecstatic with how the game turned out and thought it was one of the most exhilarating moments of sports I'd ever seen.
My son started playing his first organized sport at age 5, soccer, and he was so excited to get dressed up and play.
I reconnected with an ex-girlfriend who meant a lot to me.
This morning, I went out for shopping & bought a Diamond necklace which was my dream so far.
I saw my dog.
My daughter is starting day care for the fist time and first mile stone of her life.
I booked a cruise to the Mediterranean with my sister and our friend for January.
A very beautiful moment in my life is my brother. He went to study in germany making his dream reality. This was a very beautiful and happy moment for our whole family
In February my oldest son did a dragon sculpture for art class and won 1st place in the county wide art festival.
my wedding
Watching the sun rise, getting a raise, putting a smile on someone's face these are all examples of when a person may feel a happy. They are all diverse, just like the individual's in the world. Happiness is acquired through countless stimuli, whether they are material or emotional. One can not give a general definition for happiness, due to the fact that each person has their own perception of what happiness is. Happiness lies in the eye of the beholder, and as the beholder I see happiness as:Thus through this essay I will describe what happiness means to me, by discussing the above mentioned. I have found that through completing my "Happy Moments Journal," that my family is a huge element of my happiness. Over half of the entries in my journal involved some interaction or thought of my family. A couple of examples include having Sunday lunch with my family. Everyone basically, comes together after church and we sit down and eat lunch together and then spend the rest of the day talking and just enjoying each others company. Also, going out with my sister and cousin on the weekends is always brings happiness into my life.
I was very happy when I came home to my cat after being away from her for a week.  The way she came running towards me was adorable.  
When my neighbor called with a sewing machine problem, his description was so funny I laughed all evening. 
When a board member complimented me on the copy for a commercial that I wrote. 
I was able to fix the hardware and software problems that my laptop was having and the laptop of my boyfriend. 
April 10 its my 32nd birthday and i got many gift and wishes of many people and i got 5 shirts..
I got my tax refund back and was able to catch up on bills and purchase some items I've been needing.
Got installed AC at home, My daughter thanked me that i completed her wish
I performed well on my annual review at work.
The first time my daffodils bloomed made me happy, to me it is the first sign of spring and that makes me happy!
We got to check out Moana from the library, and quite enjoyed watching the movie a couple of times.
Last week, driving in my newer car with the sunroof wide open and the radio playing.  feeling very grateful for the good stuff in my life such as my ability to work, be productive, enjoy great health and have good relationships & meaningful friendships
My dog ran to me when I got home from work.
I went to a show with my friend.
I landscaped my yard and made it look more appealing.
Two months ago my husband was invited to a drawing at our local casino. It was an invite only dinner and cocktails. It felt great to get invited to it. There were money prizes being drawn and I had no thought at all that he would win. But when it came to the prizes of 1000.00 cash, they called his name! I was so excited I could of jumped out of my skin! I could not believe it. It was amazing to have such a blessed event happen to us! We really needed the money that week and it surely helped out. 
Yesterday i went to shopping, I enjoy shopping! It is a nice way to spend some time. Can be social. It is always fun to try on clothes, see how they go together and plan future outfits.

It is also nice to see the new inventions they create. I watched "The True Cost" that makes me question and despise a lot of things in shops now. I can't help but get drawn in sometimes though. The shops market things in such a way it's hard to not enjoy shopping.

They make us want to buy things to improve our lives and feel loved. We/I need to remember that they are only material things. New clothes and furniture won't really change how people feel about us, once they get past the initial judgements.
Made some new friends within my new hobby
I found out that I no longer need one of my meds
Me and my husband went to Florida to visit his family. We had so much fun and a really lovely time. We went to Disney world and Bush Gardens. 
My friend's computer died, so we hadn't been able to email for over a month. I mentioned this to my techie roommate and he had an extra computer that he said she could have. So, we took it out to her. he set it up and now she has a great computer and we're back on email.  
I made an illegal uturn at an intersection one day and was pulled over by a police officer. I was in a rush to pick up my daughter at daycare and luckily the officer understood and let me go with a warning. I was very happy that I did not get a ticket and also made it in time to get my daughter. 
My daughter received a scholarship and grant to a college and it made me very proud and happy because she deserves it and it is much needed for her to go to college.
I had been away from my wife and daughter for a few months. When i then got the chance to go visit, my daughter didnt know i was coming over so when i walked into the car, she sleepy looked at me and said Daddy. Then went back to trying to sleep then suddenly realized i was actually there so she shouted DADDY!!!!!!!. That's my Daddy to her cousins who were in the car with her.
When my dog chased after a leaf in the yard and ran into the fence.
I was feeling happy when I was pushing my 6 year old little boy on the tire swing and our dogs (1 jack russell mix, 1 husky, 1 lab) were laying around us just watching us . 
I bought a new vegetarian cookbook with a lot of recipes that I enjoy
My husband did the dishes while I was in class without being asked.
An event that made me very happy was when my husband told me what a great mother I was to our son, he doesn't often tell me things like this.
I went to the casino about a hour from my house. I started out with 20 dollars and I walked out of the casino with 160.
Being on a friday and having finished worked and looking forward to a weekend where I don't have to work 
I went to a concert with my boyfriend and had a great time. 
I completed a task at work that I thought I would not be able to finish in time.
My gentleman friend remembered that I can't eat meat and so he made sure there was food at his house that I can eat. 
I found some free icon packs for my Android phone. 
This week I stumbled upon the secret hiding place that my chickens had been laying their eggs. There was over a dozen eggs there and it made me laugh out loud. 
I attended a wedding with my girlfriend.
I joined a new band. I have always love music, playing and singing. Now I have the chance to actually go somewhere with it.
I was able to go out with my Sister and some friends for breakfast and a chat fest.  It was so wonderful and so awesome to just sit around and chat and drink good coffee.
The event that made me happy was getting a text message from my sister. I was having a rough morning and I really needed a pick me up. She texted me out of no where and it made my morning! 
I sold old items on eBay that helped me clear out much needed space and put some extra money in my pocket.
I was happy when my boyfriend proposed to me during our weekend getaway for our two year anniversary.
I was very happy when I found out I won $100 on a instant lottery ticket
i was happy when i was drinking my cofee this morning while whatching a few episode of bojack horseman (an animated tv show).
My oldest son is almost 19 and in his freshman year of college. He was just hired to be an R.A. for next fall, which saves him $11,000, money he will not have to borrow in student loans!! 
Going to a Wilco gig. They're my favorite band. It was at the Roundhouse, and the sound quality was so good. I was also with my best friend in the world, so I think that was my happiest moment so
My daughter hit a home run in a softball game.
On my birthday ( a few days ago), my husband bought me a gift and made y day special.
My daughter's 16th birthday party
Being able to fit into a dress size i'd never been able to fit into before.
I took a few days off from work and made a city trip to London.
I won $50 in an office pool.
I was very happy when Kent said that he would include me in his will.
My son sat next to me on the couch, snuggled into my side and said "I love you, Mommy".  
One of my students brought me coffee at school, without knowing that I was almost through my grocery budget and couldn't afford to go get coffee. 
I gave birth to my second child, my first son.
Last night, I ate my favorite dish, risotto with artichokes at the restaurant near my house.
My husband brought me home my favorite chocolate bar.
Watching my four year old open up her Hatchimal on Christmas morning.
I can think of a lovely surprise to share yesterday my last event.  I'm going to tell something what it was, where it happened and when, and then explain exactly why the unexpected happening made me so happy lest event, I really like last event in my life.
My husband surprised me with a frozen treat.
An event that made me happy was when I washed my car after it was all muddy.
I recently found out that my wife is expecting our first born in early November. 
My husband decided to start a new business coaching IT professionals.
I coordinated a big project for work and it was a success. 
The second event was simply using a rental car from work. I usually am always someone who is very conscious about my money and that plays a large part on my traveling. I love getting out and driving, by with more responsibilities now those moments are incredibly limited. So when I had a nice mini van that I could use at my leisure, I spent an hour just driving. No where in particular to go, but simply enjoying the sensation of traveling. The moment was made even more special by the satellite radio. During this drive, I was able to listen to music I grew up with and simply just enjoyed being alive in that moment.
I found out that Rick and Morty Season 3 Episode 1 had finally been released on April Fools. 
I took my family out to dinner to Olive Garden. It is one of our favorite places to go, but we have been struggling financially lately, and have been unable to go out. However, we had enough money to go out and had a really great dinner and a great night because of it.
When a guest at my work gave me a one hundred dollar tip for my hard work over the Easter holiday.
Being offered a volunteer opportunity at a local non-profit environmental/educational organization. 
I finally booked an appointment to get a tattoo that has been on my mind, that I've been wanting to get for months.
I got tickets to Hamilton.
I am happy because I graduated from college with my Associates Degree after two years of working very hard for it.
When my mom got her puppy. I never wanted my mom to get a new dog after her dog passed. But then she got him and i love him so much hes so cute and really filled the sadness of losing our other dog.
My wife posted a post on facebook about still being in love with me after 14 years 
three months back I had faced abig surprising thing that had my bava is loving me a lot but he is not expressing it but my bava and I knows that we love each other but we don't want express it out so we are being calm but nobody knows that we love each other because we will fight each oter out side but my bava will share all the feeling the day works when our marriage proposal came I was so happy inside and my bava also.
I received a gift for my birthday. 
My girlfriend gave me a jar of love notes and tells me to open one every day before I go to work. Some of them are so funny and others are so sweet. She is an amazing girl and every morning I get so happy when I read them. 
When I was walking home from school I happened to find a five dollar bill on the grass that I used to buy pizza later that day.
I SAID TO MY WIFE I AM READY FOR OFFICE....AND I SAW DOWN ,I FORGOT TO WEAR PANTS
I bought a new guitar last month.
Finding out that I can buy cherry airheads online, as cherry is my favorite flavor.
My dad came to visit and we saw Seinfeld at a stand up show.
Interviewed with a business woman who offered work in web designing on an as needed basis. (but became indisposed after two months)
It made me happy when found out that last month I made more money than I've made in awhile in a single month. 
My husband and I were able to plan a date for ourselves.
Redoing our house.  After renting for a few years and moving in together the home needed some updating.  From painting rooms to making an outdoor sitting area.  
I had been trying to sell an old car and on this day my son called to say he got a buyer who has already deposited the funds in my bank account
My husband and I found a wonderful apartment to move into. 
My oldest daughter gave me a kiss on the cheek after she ate her dinner that I made for her.
An event that made me happy was the evening I was able to go out to dinner with a group of my girlfriends.
I won $50 from a small sweepstakes and I was so happy because I could use the money and was completely not expecting it.
Getting to play a really fun part of a new video game I have. 
I was having a bad moment with a tool I recently purchased and was getting frustrated. My youngest daughter came over and softly grabbed my ear from the back. I turned around and she smiled at me. It made me forget about what I was doing and gave me a sense of happiness that I cannot explain.
Winning a small prize in a local lottery.
A strange person picked up trash and put it in the trash can
On Easter Sunday, I was happy because I got to see my cousin from out of state.
My teenage son wanted to play a video game with me, and we played it all day. 
When we got a new cat.
My wife and I planned our honeymoon. 
My son celebrated my birthday with me was another event that made be happy in the past 3  months.
My puppy who was only 14 weeks old was playing inside with me, when she stopped and went outside through her pet door. I watched her from the window and she went potty on her own!
The day I got an email from a former employer asking me to come to work for him.
I submitted a couple leads into work and they changed the rules so I showed up to the meeting and ended up getting forty dollars cash just for submitting leads.
Applied for a job I think I will really enjoy doing and it looks like I might be getting it.
being approved for mechanical turk. i have agoraphobia and am pretty dependent on other peoples money so in the past i have not done much, just stayed at home (not helpful to my condition) so i wouldn't frivolously spend other peoples money. when i got accepted i felt like i could finally contribute to  the house hold... add to my fiance and my income so money isnt so tight. it makes me happy because i feel like a grown up even though it can be a little dicouraging sometimes 
I went to a rock concert in November. It made me feel great and excited.
Last week my girlfriend and I were able to make it out to dinner by ourselves, and then later relaxed at a bar having drinks for a bit while her parents watched our son.
I went to a new parent support group for the first time.
Yesterday we learned that our offer to buy a house will be accepted.
The day my nephew Andrew was born is one of the top 5 in my life
I won a local golf tournament at the golf club I work at.
We got the foundation repaired on our house, and now our house needs no more foundation work.
I had a good conversation with a friend I had not seen in a while.
One of my students, who struggles socially, told a really funny joke and the whole class laughed.
I won two door prizes at a work function.
A happy moment I experienced in the past 3 months was when I leased a brand new car. 
I was over-joyed when I was able to go visit my grandmother in Arizona.  It had been well over 10 years since I had seen her.
I went on a skiing trip with my boyfriend to Vermont and we stayed in a beautiful chalet.
While we were eating lunch with some of our good friends, they asked my husband to be a groomsman in their upcoming wedding.
I felt very happy when I finally finished my Calculus 2 project that took me a month to develop.
I acquired a new piercing.
An event that made me really happy was watching my daughter take her first crawling 'steps"
I was happy when I marched for science with a lot of people in DC.
My son was accepted to his first choice for middle school.
I had a doctor's appointment this afternoon and the doctor was running very late - well over an hour.  When she came in, she apologized profusely and then she was able to 'unload' a bit while I listened and I felt that I was helping her ease some of the stressors of her day.
I found a book I was looking for.
I drew a picture for a student and everyone who saw it thought it looked really great.
I was told by an administrator at the school that my son will be able to graduate on time with his class! He has struggled badly all of his time in school due to being born very prematurely and the complications associated with him  not being able to process information as quickly as others kids. 
I went on a trip to Iceland with my girlfriend and had an amazing time.
I was happy when my family and I went to praise the Lord together at church a few Sunday's ago. 
I finished paying off my car.
Every time I came home and had complete solitude. I despise being around people, pleasant or not. Human beings are lower than pigs to me.
I turned in my very last essay, signaling the completion of my degree.
I was accepted into my school preference, after a several months of waiting for a response.
I play intramural soccer and we won our game.
What made me happy in past 3 months was that I was called for an interview for a new job. It makes me happy because I feel like they know my worth in their company. 
My dad's treatment for his prostate cancer is working. 
I passed the final exam for this term.
About 10 days ago the temperature began to come up above freezing during the day and the 3 feet of snow we received this winter has finally begun to melt rather quickly.
I colored my hair with a new hair color and it turned out to be a good color for me!
When my wedding dress arrived and it was exactly customized on my own desire
I had some time to spend with my son building Legos.
IT WAS MY BIRTHDAY. MY FRIENDS THREW ME A SURPRISE PARTY. 
I felt happy when I saw my three year old cleaned her room all by herself without me asking her to clean it.
An event that made me happy was when a child at my work told me that I was her favorite teacher she's ever had. It made me feel really special knowing she felt that way about me.
I have since seen more progression in my skateboarding and I have less pain in my foot. 
Upon arriving home, my wife surprised me with my favorite meal
It made me happy to go for a run at my favorite park
I was happy just 2 weeks ago when 2 friends and I went out on a motorboat on a lake, rode around and spent the afternoon relaxing and drinking
I went to the gym today and lifted some weights. I felt so much better and happier afterwards.
when i got a job
I retired from my job yesterday and am now fully retired.  I have mixed feelings but overall relieved and happy.
Growing up, my dad always left for work very early. My routine was to wake up with him and he would make me breakfast. It was always a super simple meal. Usually frozen waffles with butter and honey. To this day i swear he prepares the best frozen waffles! So much so that i will not make them for myself. I recently found myself spending a night at my parents house. He no longer works early morning but he still woke me up before everyone else so we could have waffles together, just like old times.
Moving forward in my relationship, My boyfriend decided that he wanted to move in with me.
My sister who I haven't seen in a while visited me.
I took a hike to several lakes with my daughter and stuck our toes in on the first day is was finally warm enough outside to do so.
I went to Hawaii to see my sister get married.
When I was cleaning, I found a magazine I had misplaced.
One a regular working day i entered office as usual morning passed by and suddenly everyone was asked to assemble and our MD addressed the gathering and he said he is going to announce a surprise award to someone and was very curious to know who it was and suddenly he announced my name and said as the best HR of the year.I was so very happy which made me think I was floating in the air and was super excited.  
Finishing a book that I had been working on for a while.
Last week my wife had to go foe an endoscopy to see if something was wrong in her stomach, it turned out she was fine, this made me happy.
I received an email letting me know that I had received an offer for a graduate assistantship next year, including a furnished apartment, a meal plan, and a tuition waiver. 
The day when I figure where measure theory comes from, I was doing my homework and ended up looking at youtube video. One of them taught me how to do these sort of things.
A family trip to Canada is being scheduled for the next week and the booking details are confirmed.
I spoke with my boyfriend via video message and it was great to see him today.
I got a great deal on some clothing items that I had wanted for a while.
I spent almost a month with great anxiety regarding my result publication. I started speculating so many things and many of them were negative. I could hardly keep away the tensions about my upcoming result. The result was so important that my college admission would mostly depend on it. I could not sleep well in the night before the result publishing. I think this is a common anxiety for students and I was familiar with this type of anxiety. However, this particular exam results game me more nightmares than any other time of my life.
We finished getting ready for the baby to come and it made me feel so much better.
When my son was playing he was stretching his legs suddenly his pants tore and a small fart happened. wen ever we think about it we became so happy.
Moving out of our apartment in preparation for our move to another state.  When we finally cleared housing, it was like there was a weight off of my shoulders.  I had been super stressed about the whole thing.  With that off the To Do list, I was able to relax and plan for our awesome move to another state.  
When my brother had problems with his visa not transferred to his new passport so he had come back and that gave me more quality time with him! Had the best time catching up with our mango cravings and durian hunting.
my son started to eating egg
I got a nice refund on my taxes, instead of having to pay like I did last year.
After saving up for a couple of months, I was able to purchase a fishing rod and reel that I've wanted for about a year.
ATTAINS BIRTHDAY PART OF MY SISTER
I felt very happy when my sister organized a surprise birthday party for me. It was feeling like they care for me and love me.
My wife and I enjoyed a quiet, relaxed evening together and made each other laugh a lot, which made me think of how much I love her.
I felt happy when I received a raise at work last month. 
Going to see my only grandson play tennis with his mom and dad.
I put a down payment on a new car.
My daughter's art work was chosen to be displayed at a local mall. This made me feel very happy because I felt proud and honored.
I talked on the phone to my uncle whom I hadn't spoken to or seen in 30 years.
My daughter said "Blue's Clues" which is her favorite show.
I got a new Yorke puppy named Max.
I saw an ultrasound of my unborn child.
my daughter held our son for the first time
After what seemed like an eternity finally getting approval for additional coverage on my life insurance policy via work
My parents gifted me a large amount of money that will enable me to reach personal goals more quickly.
Four weeks ago I was hired for a new position at Bank of America, which included a large pay increase. 
My friend surprised me with concert tickets.
My birthday was in late February. My young adult children usually forget my birthday and I didn't expect this year to be any different, I even forgot about it. Most likely on purpose because this year I turned the dreaded fifty.
I was cleaning the house when someone knocked at the door, when I opened it, there was a delivery man with a beautiful bouquet of flowers, with a balloon that said, "Happy Birthday," and a box of chocolates, along with a card from both of my children with a note, telling me that they loved me and that they are glad that I am their mom.
That was the first time that day I smiled. 
My husband sent me a random out of the blue text message saying he loves me so much.
I have been in treatment for PTSD and had to isolate myself for some time, so when a neighbor brought me food one day, I was really impressed with her generosity.
I told my employer in Beijing that it was massively corrupt and incompetent, and that I had no desire to continue my employment in their decently paying, but soul-sucking position.
My 6th year anniversary with my girlfriend. 
Last week, my boyfriend and I had our first date night in months.
My 9 year old made 100 on her AR test after taking my advice of reading and rereading a book then allow me to ask her questions. She said my technique worked and she had more confidence in her reading ability and comprehension. She was so excited. She said Mama I need to listen more often to get good results in school and life. 
I went on a date with a man.  Even though, I didn't like the guy, I was happy to go on a date!  And, I can say to my friends I had a date in the last two months. 
We got a cat. Being ill, it gets lonely at times. At first I didn't think it was gonna work out, but he started to take to us. Now when I'm sick in bed he comes and lays with me. Sometimes he plays, sometimes he sleeps, and sometimes he just sits and watches me on the computer sticking a paw out as if to type every once in a while. 
The day we sold our stock and got 40,000. I was so happy because we were able to catch up on a lot of out bills that we were behind in. We were also able to take our kids on a vacation 
An event that made me happy in the last three months occurred yesterday when my neighbor brought over some fresh tuna he had caught the night before.  I don't get to eat fish that often, and to have such beautiful meat that was fresh was a real treat.  I enjoyed cooking and eating it all night.
We were able to pay off a credit card debt that we had. 
Finally learning this month how to bow my violin to reduce the "beginner" sound of squeaks and whistles.
God blessed with a Baby girl as like me. That day no one happiest person in the world rather than me.
Another event that made me happy was visiting with my mom. She came up from Florida to visit with my brother, me, and my family. She has always been there for me even at my most difficult times. I suffer from depression so having her here helped me get through my sad moments. However, she was tough at times it always helped to hear her advice. I will always love my mom even through our most difficult times and will never forget the lessons she has taught me. 
In March, I had my friend/love interest visit me from Ireland, we spent an entire weekend together.
The announcement of a new game in my favorite series, coming to the game console I want it to.
The other morning I brought my girlfriend coffee while she was still in bed. I laid down next to her while she drank it and woke up. She is so adorable when she wakes up. She was also very appreciative of the coffee. We cuddled for about 10 minutes then watched short videos of puppies and kittens on YouTube.  
I was happy when I got to see my family come to my house and visit! They don't live in the same state as me, so it made me very happy to spend some time with them. 
Seeing my girlfriend for the first time in almost 2 months. 
My best friend will be coming to visit me from out of town this week.
I ate a bag of spicy tortilla chips that are hard to find in my area.
I finished my shopping for the week.
We got a new border collie
For the first time, I felt a strong urge to kiss this little fairy child. She was so beautiful and adorable that I thanked God for the gift. My mother asked me to hold her and kiss her but I was afraid to touch her as I thought that might hurt her. I felt like I was flying on that day. My mother gave birth of the baby in a hospital and I was so happy and attached to the event that I denied returning home at night. I stayed in the hospital cabin for about 4-5 days till my mother and sister came home. I came back home with the most precious gift of the world. 
I took a bike ride.
Travelling to Florida last month made me happy because the weather was beautiful, I had a lot of good food, and I was able to relax away from work for a couple days.
Coming to work to an empty office. My manager (lovely woman) and 2 other workers in the office were away. It gave me a pleasant feeling checking emails in peace and quite this morning.
The first bonfire of the year after a long, cold, windy winter season. 
I was able to attend a panel at a National South Asian Conference that featured a variety of queer South Asian activists. 
decorate my living room and my mother-in-law liked it very much.
My plane landed in Arizona and the first time the sun hit my face it felt warm and intense.
My husband brought home flowers for no reason, just to say he loved me.
I got a stock bonus at work. 
I reconnected with some old friends that I used to teach in my youth group. 
When I met my friends new dog.
I saw a friend I have not seen in quite a few years and even though we only saw each other for a few seconds in passing it made me happy to get a big hug from her.
Last month I got a bill from my endocrinologist that was much smaller than I thought it would be despite having blood work done and an ultrasound on my thyroid, the extra savings felt really great to have in my bank account. 
An even that made me happy in the past three months is when I had shoulder surgery done a month ago on my right shoulder. It helped me to get better to do more physical activities that I was unable to do previously. 
I received a gift from a family member.  It was a car, so I was very excited.
It was having a spring break vacation at home and being able to spend time with my husband during that time.
My cap and gown for graduation arrived in the mail.
Juventus Torino won against Barcelona with 3 0.
Two months and five days ago, a fellow author notified me that I'd made the list of the Top 200 Most Influential Authors 2017--I was listed as number 98!
i watched the finale season finale of my favorite show, which i followed from the beginning. 
My sister in law sent me a video of my niece and nephew playing together.  My nephew is less than a year old and my Niece will turn 2 this year.  They are just so cute together.
yesterday, my twin sister made me a delicious garlic steak taco. 
Having dinner with friends a month or so ago and some of our guests were impromptu and it was just a big group of people from different backgrounds but a lot in common.  we just watched movies afterwards.  It was nice to spend time with these people and make new friends.
Another happy moment was the vist of one of my best friends. I live far from home and was very happy to see him and go out as we did as adolescent, drinking beer and talk until late
I attended my grandfather's surprise 80th birthday party.  
I recently left my job and the feeling is amazing! I committed myself to working on my lifelong dreams of becoming a rapper. 
2. I and an aquaintance from church went to the Easter Service which was very beautiful, joyful and the singing very power packed due to a great choir and a packed church.
My daughter got me a very special gift for my birthday, something I will keep forever.
I volunteer for a Wildlife Safari Park (one of the parks where you can drive through and see cool big animals).  I've been monitoring the bluebird boxes throughout the park to find hatchlings or eggs.  A few weeks ago was the first time I reached into the nest and touched an egg.  It made me happy enough to even giggle.
I was happy when I came home from work and my boyfriend had cleaned the house and had made food for us. 
It made me happy when my partner offered to take care of cleaning up the kitchen.
I successfully fixed an ignition issue on my old car without asking for help, just using YouTube tutorials and borrowed tools. 
I think this was the end of February my mom took my daughter , she is 2 years old to Florida . It felt pretty good to get some time alone again . I know this is going sound silly but I finally got a chance to eat sushi again . I hadn't had any since I found out I was pregnant .  I was at home and still had to work but I felt like I was on vacation . 
We were able to get a diagnosis for our son. 
My husband took me on a surprise date out to dinner.
I was informed by my boss that I would be receiving a wage increase.
I helped a stranger at the clothing store pick a tie out for his graduation.
In the past 3 months, an event that made me happy was winning $300 in gift cards in a contest.
I ate a delicious chocolate cupcake.
I got to go to lunch with one of my favorite people. 
Receiving a check in the mail for $100.
Asked out a friend. she said no, but the fact that i finally got up the courage to ask made me very happy. I am a very shy person so it was a huge, positive step for me. 
I tried Zumba dance class yesterday for the first time. 
My daughter woke up one morning this past week, rolled over, smiled at me, gave me a hug, and said "I love you mommy." That made me smile.
The day my son hit his first base hit in baseball made me so happy and proud of all his accomplishments. 

A month ago I finished a very long book, and the end was fantastic.
Seeing my cat for the first time in a while
I finally discovered the truth about my family's past after searching for two decades.
I stayed over at a friend's place who I had not seen in over 4 months and stayed up all night talking, laughing, listening to old school music. 
It made me very happy to receive my jeweler's certification.
The day my husband no longer had to work long hours for his company's outage because I got my husband back and my daughter got her dad back.
My spouse let me sleep in last week and when I woke up she had made me breakfast.
Seeing the daffodils and forsythia blooming.
The guy I was dating surprised me with tickets to a Red Sox/Yankees game!
We bought a stroller for our cat so she can come on walks with us
in april, I took my grandkids on a vacation to the beach. 
Went hunting for over 3 hours calling for turkeys and eventually had 2 big toms come in of which I was able to bag 1 of the 2.
My husband recently surprised me with an evening out.  He arranged  babysitting and even had the house cleaned while I was away.  He took me to a place that is especially meaning full to us and we spent the evening talking about our goals, hopes and dreams.  It was a wonderful that we really needed to connect again.
I successfully landed a big job for a new customer at work. 
I was at a friends for dinner and her son (2 years old) ran up to me and wouldn't let me go!
My friend bought me a game unexpectedly because I had really been wanting it
Last night while I was putting my three year old to bed, completely unsolicited, he looked up at me and said "I love you forever, Mama, to the moon and back again" and my heart just filled up with happiness.  
I was happy when I went out to a great dinner with my boyfriend.
Yesterday my husband and I ate at Five Guys, our favorite fast food.
My Mom and Dad told me they are coming to visit me next month for my birthday.
I went to the aquarium with my family and we had a fabulous time.
After 20 years of marriage and never being able to afford a wedding ring my husband surprised me with a wedding set that was beautiful and perfect for Valentines Day. 
It made me very happy. I wasn't expecting it at all. 
Getting a new car
Another event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when i got a tattoo in remembrance of my grandma who passed away.
My son, who is almost two, is starting to mouth his ABC's. We catch him watching Mickey Mouse and other shows and when the ABC's or other similar scenes come on we have seen him mouthing the words and sounds. He even does it when his grandmother calls and says the ABC's over the phone.
I got my bonus! It was cash, and free trip anywhere in the US. Through that, I was able to travel together with my family!
I got invited to a friend's wedding which I wasn't sure I would get invited to.
My friend gave me free tickets to a music festival for a weekend and they ended up being VIP tickets so we go to be treated like VIPs, for free.
I got approved to perform a procedure at work on my own.
A shawl I crocheted sold for more than I expected ($50 instead of $25)!
My dad video chatted me while visiting Washington DC.
I was struggling at college, having a hard time studying and trying to get higher grades. I had an exam yesterday. after it a friend told me "I'm proud of you! your persistance despite everything you've been through is remarkable and I admire you for it"
another important moment of happiness was to see my family reunited for my mother's 85th birthday 
Me and mom drove to see my brother that we have not seen for over year.
I made a high enough grade on my psychology test to make an A in the class. I thought I was going to make a B all semester.
I was happy when I was given a free gaited mare. 
having some moments with my siblings. 
I was the best man in my best friends wedding.
An event that made me happy was when I had a conference with my son's teacher and was told about how well he is doing in everything.
I went to my parents' house and spent time with them, their dogs, and my grandmother.
I found my engagement ring. I misplaced it a few weeks ago and I finally found it. 
My roomate, who I am in love with, came home. I was really happy to see them.
My mom visited from across the country for a long weekend.
Feeling my daughter kick while still in the womb. 
My supervisor told me that I did a great job on my very first work project.
I was very happy the day I quit my job. I was working in IT sales and absolutely hated it. In addition to not being into IT or technology in general, I hate selling people things, and I had an awful boss and coworker who made my work environment miserable. Quitting was the best decision I could have made because now I have a job that I love working outside. 
I was able to get a wfh job opportunity. I wanted a work life balance and this company permits that. 
I reached a long term weight loss goal.
In March I had a neurological examination for the first time in many years; everyone, from the staff to the doctor was respectful, and from the discussions and resulting exam, I gained new, useful insight into my condition.
I was happy when my teacher moved me up to more advanced matetial.
I got to hang out with friends I hadn't seen in awhile and that made me happy.
When my dad bought me my favorite candy.
Another event that made me happy was when I watched my oldest daughter compete in canoe paddling for the first time.
I quit drinking after years of struggling with alcohol abuse.
I'm an introvert that has been working in a cubicle environment with some very loud cube-mates for the last 12 months.  A good friend of mine was in a state semi-close to me.  Although he was there for training he invited me to visit.  The introvert in me really needed the 16 hour drive to "clear my head" and I was ecstatic my friend invited me.
I was very happy when I had a successful surgery and not having the health issues that that I used to have.
I hosted my first party at my house.  I had a baby shower for my best friend.  We had about 40 people over to the house.  Afterwards we had a BBQ. 
I was very happy when I got a raise at work. 
When I got my very first new car.
I was playing outside with my 2 year old son, I showed him how to hit a ball off of a tee and he picked it up immediately.
About a month and a half ago, my boyfriend's oldest daughter told me that she loved me.
return back to my country after two months of vacation/work in another country 
Being surprised with a new Playstation VR set for my birthday, my wife knew I wanted one but we were unable to afford it but she saved up and was able to get it for me. 
Being with my whole family on Easter all day.
I dyed my hair a new color. I usually dye it almost black, but because the weather has finally started to become warmer I thought that I would try something a lot lighter. I'm naturally blonde but right now it's more of a chestnut brown and I think it really suits me and looks more natural than the black. I've been feeling a bit more confident.
Another event that made me happy was finally getting to set up my new shelf, after waiting so long to do so. 

Being with my youngest daughter (4) when we went down a big hill on a sled.  We caught the whole event on a cam corder. Listeing to her giggle and laugh was so much fun.
An event that made me happy was having an extremely productive Board meeting, where all members stood up for something that was right.
My golf handicap became lower than it ever has been.
I found a pair of shoes that I have wanted for a while on sale for a good price.
I am a psychology student and a few weeks ago I won an award at my university's academic symposium for my research presentation.
The day when i get promoted.
My fiance asked me to marry him last month while we were on vacation.
My friend called me to invite her birthday party.
The night that I celebrated Valentine's Day 2 on February 16th, not the 14th, with someone that I care so much about.
l I have a hope list.
When we found out we were getting a really large tax refund.
I chopped up a tree that was threatening to fall on my house and did not break anything.
I went to the doctor two weeks ago for my first ultrasound and saw my 10-week-old embryo and got pictures to take home. 
My daughter moved back home after living in another state for the past 4 years.
I made a really good grade on an Electronics test.
Our homes are an extension of who we are: what we do within the walls of our abodes shapes our mood, affects our productivity, and influences our outlook on life. Scientific studies have shown that we can have an impact on our happiness by adjusting the tiny little habits and routines that constitute our daily lives a we are, in fact, in control of our outlook on life.
Seeing a very good movie having gone into it without very high expectations.
I supervise incredible and interesting people and interact with them on a daily basis in meetings and evaluation cycle.  The conversations are engaging and interesting.  One individual in particular makes me a better professional and I always enjoy the conversations with her.  
Someone acknowledged my upbeat attitude.
Spending quality time with my boyfriend makes me happy because he is a truck driver and always on the road.
 i have a one rose plant  that plant started the flowers
An event in the past three months that made me happy was receiving a package in the mail. It contained something I was looking forward to. 
When I got to see my old friend Rebecca after not seeing her for 4 months.
Two weeks ago Friday, I reunited with three former coworkers I had not seen in over 6 years and it was wonderfully awesome seeing all of them again.
Last month while in the church group, Father asked a sudden question that who wrote the first 5 books of the bible and I was able to answer it correctly while other could not. Father appreciated me and it was a good feeling.
After 6 months, my wedding video finally arrived and we just watched it.
My daughter bagged the first  state level prize in art competition.
Two months ago I received a check for $4500 from an engagement ring that was lost in the mail and it helped me pay off the bill I owed to the jeweler. 
I went out yesterday to a public garden and read a new book I just bought.
just one day before my two years old son was participated one stage program where his performance was so good. he was appreciated by chief guest. i was so happy that moment
Found a way to make extra cash on the side
today when i wake up, I go outside the house and watched children playing, i realize my childhood days.
My husband took me out for a surprise date night at my favorite restaurant. 
My daughter brought home straight A's on her report card.
Squirrels forgetting their nuts and me picking them all up HAAA
News regarding selection of my Grand son in National Cricket Team made me happy.

My husband and I had the day together , and we went for a spontaneous hike and picnic to a scenic overlook by our house. 
We got a new puppy.
hanging out with my friend
I went for a run earlier
I helped someone save money on their prescriptions at work.
I took my dog for a long walk.
I ate special pizza slices for pizza week.
I started talking to a friend that I had not heard from in awhile.
I asked for some time off so I can go to Pismo with my girl and was granted it!
I am gaining the weight that I would like to
Visiting my nieces made me happy.
I bought a new computer for a great price that I use to make money and play games on. 
I got a bonus at work for my project.
I got a new puppy.
Going to a professional baseball game. 
A work colleague told me that I am doing a great job and everyone likes me and my work. 
I talked with a good friend I hadn't talked to for over a month.
I got to take a month off work
The snow melted and my friend and I went hiking yesterday and was able to get some amazing photos from on top of a mountain
i met up with my family at a ranch
I bought a blu-ray set from Amazon.
I found a perfect burnt orange jacket to wear at an event. 
A new baby was just born into our family and she's absolutely beautiful.
My daughter's first tooth finally came in; she is nine months old!
I fucked my friend in a hot tub.
There are two types of people in the world: those who choose to be happy, and those who choose to be unhappy. Contrary to popular belief, happiness doesn't come from fame, fortune, other people, or material possessions. Rather, it comes from within. The richest person in the world could be miserable while a person living in the slums of a third world country could be happy and content.
My wife brought me lunch at work.
I was FINALLY feeling better after being sick half of spring break with a stomach virus and strep throat.
I got to sleep in this morning. It felt amazing to not have an alarm clock to wake up to. 
Spring finally came this year. It was a long winter. 
Doing a class of Yoga last week made me feel happy and good.
Happier is a software company whose purpose to help its users be happier. It has been called "a social network dedicated to happy moments."[1] The company is founded on scientific research that shows focusing on the positive and sharing good things with people someone cares about makes the users happier, healthier, and more productive
Today it was raining, warm, and sunny -- all at the same time.
Getting my current job in the field that I specifically wanted to work in.
I received a shipment of 36 bottles of my favorite salsa from Dallas, Texas.
i took my wife to visit a new nature preserve near our home.
My friends threw me a surprise birthday party.
I was also happy with my work promotion and salary increase.It's a big help for my family
Going to the lake and jet-skiing with my girlfriend as our dogs ran around on the beach playing.
I spent Easter with my significant other and had a nice meal.
I can remember many happy events of my life and out of those, I would like to talk about the event that I can still remember vividly regarding my success in the board exam. The moment I heard that I had been awarded a scholarship based on my performance in the board exam
My son has started playing the drums and he is fabulous.
I spent a holiday with family and good friends for a wonderful fun day
I finally passed my college exam that I had been studying for a lengthy amount of time. It was very nerve wrecking. 
Taking the Victoria Clipper for a day trip from Seattle to Victoria.
it may not what yo might be looking for, but i'm being totally honest here. i have problem with erection. and a few weeks ago, i woke up with a solid erection, like the ones I used to have when i was young. Good nutrition had something to do with it, i guess. that made me really happy. 
I went on a date with someone that I was introduced to by a friend and it went well.
An event that occurred within the last three months that has made me happy was when I was at home cooking for my wife.  I enjoy being able to make her happy, so I took the time to go out shopping and picked up ingredients to make her favorite meal.
playing soccer in the park
My friend just found out she doesn't have cancer anymore,
I found a 20 dollar bill in my car unexpectedly. 
My contract period for the current project has been extended to another two years.
I caught up on my favorite shows
I got a 100 on my last speech in speech class
Received a call from Carla  a childhood friend I've had for over 25 years. She is positive, funny down to earth, and selfless.She is my go to person if I need to connect with someone or feel a bit lonely. No matter how many years months or years that go by it's always so easy to maintain our friendship.
My family and I visiting our favorite restaurant over the weekend made me very happy.
I was happy to see my mother enjoy playing the piano for her neighbors in her retirement community.
My college team won a weekend series in baseball.
I spent Easter Sunday with my family and watched the NBA playoffs. 
when I have had a meal that is really good
I ate some strawberry ice cream.
I exceeded my weight loss goal towards the end of February.
I got accepted for a scholarship to go to a conference completely for free.
I was able to help a friend of mine through a difficult patch.
I found out my aunts are coming down to visit again. Excited since I do not get to see them much anymore.
I was happy and relieved when my parents returned home safely from their trip to Japan.
I was happy when I learned I saved $2000 in one month.
I was able to successfully start up a new online business, after months of hesitation and doubt.
I've had a chance to catch up on the news. 
I ate a big greasy burger from Jack in the box on a refeed day for some carb input. I hadn't had any carbs for a week before then.
I went paddleboarding in a beautiful cove.
I purchased tickets to a music festival.
I cleaned my apartment the other day and it felt wonderful.
last month my family members with my relatives are went to the 5 days vacation trip and we enjoyed a lot at there
Last month the 3rd was an amazing day,when me and my family celebrated my cousin's wedding in her house.Different from Europe countries, we Vietnamese families are often celebrate at home,
A stranger smiled at me while passing her on the street. 
I ate carne asada tacos and chips and queso yesterday. Tacos make my stomach happy.
i got a raise in my job.
I won around $500 playing poker at the casino.
Happy people understand that it's better to forgive and forget than to let their negative feelings crowd out their positive feelings. Holding a grudge has a lot of detrimental effects on your wellbeing, including increased depression, anxiety, and stress. Why let anyone who has wronged you have power over you? If you let go of all your grudges, you'll gain a clear conscience and enough energy to enjoy the good things in life.
I was given two replacements for one bottle of expired komboucha. may seem silly but they are expensive and was very happy to get an extra one free.
Waking up to Tom every morning.
This always makes me happy because I love him and its one of the most secure feelings in the world to wake up next to him.
My husband got a vasectomy 
Last thursday my sister came over for dinner. We ate and drank wine and just hung out talking and watching netflix.
I took my dog walking this morning. It is a sunny day and walking my dog always makes me happy.
Paying my car note yesterday, I have been really stressed about it 
I received a coupon in the mail for a free pizza from a new restaurant that opened in my neighborhood.
I got a new puppy.
I drove an elderly lady who recently had a stroke to her ladies bible study
My fiance made me a pair of crown headphones.
The fact that my pug is still alive makes me very happy - she couldn't walk a month ago, and I took her to the vet for meds and she walks again.
I took my dog to the dog park so he could play around
When my daughter called me to tell me that she and her boyfriend were planning to come and visit in August and that we would be able to spend time together at Disney I felt extremely happy because she lives very far away and I don't see her as often as I wish I could.  
sitting and having  a beer on my deck.
I had lunch with a friend I hadnt talked with in many months.
I won a few dollars from a lottery ticket.
I got a hairstyle I like.
Going skiing last month on an epic powder day. There was 29 inches of fresh snow and I got to put down about 10 runs worth of fresh tracks. It was amazing and exhilarating in a way that no one who doesn't ski could ever understand. It's like floating. It was amazing.
Last night, my wife and I played Mario Party 8 on Wii-U together. 
I met and fell in love with an amazing guy who has been so sweet and kind to me!
My retired brother loves beekeeping.  However, this past Winter took a toll on the hives that he shares with some neighbors.   Many bees were lost.  I am happy that he is still working hard at establishing a new hive because he deserves this hobby happiness after many years in the US Navy.
My Friday class got cancelled, giving me a three day weekend.
I had the opportunity to visit historic Philadelphia and see the Liberty Bell while traveling to a gymnastic meets. 
I helped my daughter paint her bedroom.
Getting a massage to work out the kinks in my back.
When I got a tattoo for the first time in my life. It was suggested by my girlfriend, it's a daffodil, her favorite flower. Looking at it makes me think of her.
When a complete stranger in the grocery line started telling me jokes. He kept telling them to me after my transaction was over and even told me I was cute.
My best friend finally introduced her longtime boyfriend to her parents.
I saw my girlfriend after getting off the road, she waited a long time for me.
After interviewing for a job, I was soon informed that they wanted me to work with them.
I became good friends with one of my coworkers.
I went out to eat at a restaurant, which is a rare treat for me.
I got a raise at work. 
I went shopping with a friend. 
My mom always smile but does not generally laugh out loud so pulled a prank on her and she just started to laugh
Drinking a ginger tea , that's all there is , this week hasn't been very exciting or happy , in fact it's been rather tiring and stressful but it's fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.
I got a message from a close friend that i haven't heard from in a while. 
my neighbor was taken to a living home and we finally found each other and both share tears of joy!!!
I would like to talk about the day that I was blessed with a little sister. This was an event that I still recall vividly. I was then only 7-8 years old and when I saw a little angel was crying on my mother's lap, I became the happiest man in the world. I was the only son of my parents and when I heard that I will have another sibling, I got very excited and I was counting days when this brother/ sister of mine will come. I speculated and imagined lots of things I would do with my sibling. The day that my sister came into the world was one of the happiest days of my life.
I successfully cooked some bacon on the cast iron skillet without burning it to a crisp.
The Dallas Mavericks won the last game of their season.
I received a small raise at work based on my work performance over the past year. This was a small event but one that made me happy and content
I had a new hair cut. All of my friend said that I looked 5 years younger
This is my older brotheras birthday .it took place at our home 3 months ago . he was 27 years old .there are our relatives and my parents .
i got a new card game
I ate a large amount of ice cream.
I woke up without a hangover
I bought a puppy. I welcomed the newest member to the family a couple weeks ago, he has been amazing in every way, and he is a pure breed!
The show's premise centered on one member of a family (or group of people) who was given one week to practice a certain task before the episode's taping. A video camera was provided to record the rehearsal process at home. At the end of the week, the contestant (and his/her family and other supporters) came to the studio to perform the task. The contestant was given only one attempt; if successful, he/she won a pre-selected prize package worth $25,000. If unsuccessful, he/she received a $2,000 consolation prize. Two contestants appeared each episode.
Being with my significant other in a different, far away place.
An event that made me happy in the past three months involved me getting the repairs done that I needed on my car. 
Got to Skype with my oldest daughter on Easter Sunday from the dinner table and she got to talk to all the family and feel like she was there.
ate strawberry pancakes
Being able to spend Easter with family and friends was an especially happy time of socializing and joyous celebration!
The weather has improved and it's gotten to Spring time.
I received free training for three months on Pluralsight. 
I took a walk around my house and the weather was perfect.
Last week spring finally started to come and there was a beautiful weather day. I took advantage and payed outside relaxing in the sun for an hour or two.
My friend's parents got me a very generous gift, even though they're already doing so much for me in my time of need by letting me borrow their spare care.
I went out to a bar with friends and had a great night.
A woman I met was flirting with me pretty heavily.
I was happy when I got on the weight scale and realized I had lost a few pounds.
I recently got approved for an apartment and I'm very excited because I finally get to move out on my own and live out the rest of my life to its full potential and be responsible for myself
My roommate and I finally decided where we are going to move to when we can.
I applied for a job within the school board and got hired. I had been wanting this job for a while.
The recovery of a smile in my life, after a long time.
Paid off all my bills and caught up on all my debt
When I finally cleaned out my back living room of all the junk and garage sale items and cleaned it, I finally felt some calm (after removing the stressful items) and pleasure being in the room (which was now clean and tidy).
I went to New Orleans on vacation with some of my closest friends.
My spouse surprised me with some spring flowers for our Easter table. 
I played with the cat.
I finally got to make some extra space in my room by throwing out a old CRT monitor that was taking up a lot of space in my already tiny room.
Making money on surveys and hanging with friends
I drank tea after not drinking some for a few weeks and it felt very relaxing.
I went to Mexico with my oldest grandson to see his mom.
Last month I bought a Wayne Gretzky rookie card on eBay and re-sold it for over a $1000 profit.
Going shopping with my sister made me happy because we had a lot of fun looking for bargains, laughing at some of the styles, and sharing some quality time.
When I received my Brooks bicycle seat from Amazon and rode it for the first time. This is a special model with springs and it makes all the difference in the world when riding on it. 
I met an old friend whom I haven't seen in 2 years.
I spent money on a new game console that enabled me to play a lot of good games I had wanted to play. 
I was able to spend time walking and playing with my dog.
I joined a book club with some friends, and started a group chat for it.
Watched my son play lacrosse and truck one of the other players. 
My coworker brought cats to work, and I got to pet them. 
starting exercising and lost 20 pounds
An event that made me happy was watching my son perform in a first-grade school play.  
I watched videos.
I was happy when I saw the beauty and the beast movie
I bought a new tank for my e cig. 
I had a great workout today.
I traveled to Cedar Point in Ohio with my friends.
I received a 25$ bonus on mturk yesterday.
My wife brought her relatives to our home for holiday vocation.
I found one of these HITS that asked what my happy moment was, and those are my favorite HITS. 
My mother started to eat again after radiation treatment.
An event  that made you happy in the past 3 months is helping children with there homework
I came home and the entire house had been cleaned after we had a party.
When I got 35 miles per gallon on my last trip back from work.
I booked a trip to Japan for this fall!
My daughter won the good character award for the third quarter of school!
I went to the mall.
Spending an entire day in the kitchen, baking and cooking and getting the freezer stocked with meals.   
I played soccer with my brother. I am not very good at soccer so he beat me so bad, I got to really start training and getting better.
Hanging out with my friend at the diner, and just having a really good conversation made me feel very happy.
We are renovating our home.
My sister sent me photos and updates of her new baby and things that her family has been doing.
New music. I am always looking for new music from my favorite bands. I connect with the music in ways I neve thought I would and it brings me joy. 
Came out to my doctor and he went above and beyond to make me feel supported today.
I went on vacation to Las Vegas. My buddy was getting married and my wife and I went and had a really good time.
last month am celebrates my brother marriage day,All my family members are present at that occasion.We all together prepared for the Tet like cleaning,and decorating.
When my daughter first slept through the night and woke up with a huge smile on her face.
We recently bought 7 chicks, so we can have fresh eggs.  They are very cute, and I love to go spend time with them.
I got a bunch of brush cleaned up in my yard and it is all clean now.
My favorite team won the game.
I made $700/month for three months in a row on Mturk.
I can save some money
I went for a beautiful hike in a state forest.
I ran into an old friend I used to work with randomly and we chatted for about 10 minutes catching up and it was great and we were both laughing a lot. 
I saw the movie "Moonlight" and it was really well-written and the acting was wonderful.
My uncle came down to visit and we hung out over a weekend.
I went to a national park in Utah. 
I sat on the beach with my husband for a whole afternoon and watch the people there and swam. 
My birthday was two days ago and, while I didn't expect anything big, my girlfriend got me, a 32" samsung curved monitor for it. It was a very nice surprise. I'm using it now and it is fantastic.
My wife hugged me and told me I'm awesome.
I got promoted.
My husband worked an extra long day at work and when he came home he surprised me with two scratch tickets, a bottle of wine, and a dozen roses.  I was shocked and it made me feel so special.
my son had a great time on his 8th birthday.
Finished my bathroom remodel in less than 3 months. 
My wife bought me a pair of t-shirts for valentines.
A few days ago my wife and I went fly fishing on the Big Horn River in Montana. 
I felt very happy when my son put three words together for the first time.
I went and took care of errands that I'd been procrastinating on taking care of for a while all in one day. It felt really good because it gave me a sense of responsibility and took a load off my mind.
I went to the annual a corgi beach party at a nearby beach.
Getting laid is a good deal 
I cooked a nice meal for myself and it turned out very well.
I won something at the travel show! Sadly not any of the big travel prizes, but still, it was something (a couple bottles of wine, and some snacks, including two boxes of real Australian Tim Tams)
I got to go on a vacation with my children and mother.
Having piece of mind that I will be okay even if I do not get the promotion at work.
I went to eat at Gold Mirror, an Italian restaurant.  
Happy that ronnie took me out for pizza
Just the way he said it cheered me up. I couldn't stop smiling for the rest of the day!
Numerous patients wanting only me to work with them showing that they trust me and I was able to convince them to what they need to do to improve themselves.
I was very happy when my husband found out he did not have cancer!
Met many new friends at my new workplace
I had a really good meal.
My stepson decided to live with us.
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me "I don't know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this much"
Just the way he said it cheered me up. I couldn't stop smiling for the rest of the day!
I was able to get a day off of work that I really wanted to get off.
I saw bands I really like in concert.
On every 14th February, all over the world,  candy, flowers, and gifts are given to loved ones all in the name of St. Valentine. According to other theories, in some countries it is related with commencement of spring, while in others it is celebrated as an agriculture festival.

Valentineas Day offers lovers many ways to express their emotions. Many people around the world celebrate Valentineas Day by showing appreciation for the people they love or adore. Many people give greeting cards, chocolates, jewelry or flowers, particularly roses, to their partners or admirers on Valentineas Day. It is also a time to appreciate friends in some social circles and cultures. So February 14th is the day to spread the love and exchange affectionate gifts to one another.

However, Valentine Day is gaining popularity among young lovers in the Asian countries also but it has been opposed by various Hindu and Islamic traditionalists. They consider it as a threat to the values and cultures of their society.
I saw a really cool movie 
I woke up to a text by someone that I really care about, just checking on me to make sure I was happy.
in last month we are traveled from Hyderabad to Goa with my friends that time we are enjoy  a lot with my friends and we dinner at top famous five star hotel.
after how much thus whole experience had hurt me and how much i had to suffer in the last few months that we where broken up, it made me so happy to not have this feeling in my chest anymore. this agonizing, burning pain. like some rammed a hot iron through my heart. for the first time in 3 months it was gone. that made me very happy
I was happy when my wife and I took our dogs for a ride to McDonald's and got them cheeseburgers for a treat.
My Dad sent me $500 out of the blue for spending and doing things that I enjoy.
The new season of "Prison Break" is great.
We were able to help finance a trip for our good friends to take for their 30th wedding anniversary.
My wife surprised me with a party at the casino for my birthday. 
My friend asked me to be a best man at his wedding early next year. 
I went above and beyond to help a customer clear her driving record, and she was grateful for the help.
I bought a new phone and upgraded from my current one.
going to a dodger game tonight
A presentation I made for a new client at work was successful and that client ended up hiring my firm following my meeting with him!
I went to the gym.
I got a bonus on my paycheck.
My son got transfer to a branch of his bank very near to our home.
Finding out that my best friend was pregnant again. She hasn't had any luck in that department so for her to have this happen finally was a great feeling. 
A small event that made me happy was when I ordered chinese take out and it arrived hot and delicious. 
The Clippers lost their first game in the playoffs.
I had time to set up my own office.
I went to a concert
I found my wallet.
I played fetch the ball with my dog one day; just seeing how happy he was when I threw the ball to him made me feel good inside.
I had a great day at work.
Seeing the smile on my parents' faces when my son and I made them presents for their 30th anniversary was very pleasing.
I listened to a song that I hadn't heard in years. This made me nostalgic in a good way. I enjoyed these few moments of musical pleasure.
Cooked chicken breast on the grill even though it was cool outside this evening, included some grilled veggies as well
Getting home from grocery shopping without spending our whole paycheck
I went to Opening Day of baseball season and saw my favorite team win the game.
Discovered some fun new mobile apps (Plague inc and Virtual town)
I watched the New England Patriots win there fifth super bowl. 
I got a promotion at work.
I finally saw a movie that I had been wanting to see at the theater with my friend.
I found out my mom doesn't have cancer.
having dinner
I made a couple of pillow cases on my sewing machine.
I have some time now that I ordered out, so I'm looking forward to having some more down time. 
I visited my brother and his wife in order to see my niece be dedicated at their local church. 
I am always happy on the days that my employee and I work together because we accomplish so such when we work together.
I bought a Nintendo Switch.
My dad bought tickets to the NBA playoffs a few days ago and me and him will be attending the game this weekend which I am already excited for.
Going to my first yoga class in months made me happy.
Last month I went to visit some family out of state with my husband. We got to spend time with my uncle and little cousin and go to the park. I really enjoyed hanging out with family that I hadn't seen in a long time. 
I bought new pants and slippers in preparation for my vacation.
My workplace will be a better place with Rob back.
I'm happy that so far this week, I have met my Mturk goals.
One thing that made me happy in the past 3 months was taking my nephew to see the movie Logan.  While I'm not a big comic book movie fan, he is, and it was good to get some guy time with him. The movie was really good as well.
Watching Neda get evicted on big brother during the double eviction!!!
i went to the pet store. As soon as i got there, i saw the most adorable puppies. They all came and jumped on me.
Finally catching up on some television shows that I've been meaning to for a long time made me quite happy.
I was happy when I was given chocolate.
My power clean form improved. 
I went out to lunch with my mother.
I just found out that one of my favorite netflix originals "The Ranch" is coming back for a 2nd season this summer and I'm really excited. 
I won an online trivia contest that my credit union held, and I received 25 dollars in my savings account for it.
I took my girlfriend out to a nice restaurant in the city for a date.
After stressing about the possible damage of road salt on my car, I was happy to have time to take it to the car wash to get it clean and sparkly again. 
I was given an opportunity for a part time job on the weekend. I have done the work before and was glad that I was invited to come back and make some more additional money. It made me feel very confident of myself for being invited back again.
I went on a hike to the ocean and met some horses on a field on a cliff.
I started my filly(horse) that I have raised since birth under saddle last week; she handled it like a seasoned pro and I am still beaming!
I am watching my favorite show.
I decided what I want to do for my 30th birthday.
I bought Iron Maiden tickets for the third time, and plan on making a summer vacation out of it.
My supervisor announced that they need workers for overtime.
Receiving my grade for a 2 month class
My three year old daughter gets along with the newborn very well.
I got a raise at work for my hard efforts.
I got to draw with sidewalk chalk outside today with my kids. It was fun watching them try and draw and using the same colors with me.
My mom brought her dog over.
Starting a job as a firefighter. 
I planted a garden in the backyard and the plants bore fruit.
I finally finished a huge project at work that has been stressing me out for months.
I took a nap with my cat.
I got a promotion where I work
It made me very happy to get a job from home that generates good income.
I took a long walk on an extremely pleasant day.
Finally going to the Mt on Sunday for church
I was hired as a work-from-home transcriptionist.
My sister is buying a house nearby
It (2017) trailer
I was able to sleep through the night. And felt rested today.
I completed a project at work for a key client that we had worked on for 4 months.
when i have overcome my anxiety
I was happy to be able to get a new temp job which will help me earn some more money.
The other day when my 4 yr old daughter looked at me and said 'I love you daddy.'
Hearing that my mom finally got a new job after a long search for a job of over 14 months. 
I WAS HAPPY WHEN I TALKED TO MY BROTHER FROM CALIFORNIA YESTERDAY.
I will be decorating my house soon by making it bigger and spacious.
I was preparing a scrap book for another friend for her birthday. It had screenshots of our chats during the past year, photos, and notes. She teared up going through it and told me "I don't know what have I done to deserve people like you caring this much"
Helped girlfriend with her Japanese homework!
I spent 5 days with my in-laws, so I could take some rest from my 3year old daughter. 
Donald Trump took over as President.  I am excited about the changes he is going to bring to Washington and how he is going to help the country.
I went on a blind date a few weeks ago and met someone I really like.
Have you ever experienced something so incomprehensible that the only words you could muster up go something like, "There are simply no words to describe?" Or: Have you ever tried to name or define an object or concept and discovered that nothing in that dictionary you carry around in your skull matches? Well, there's a word for that: ineffability.
I purchased a new car after my old one was having engine trouble.
I got a new schedule at work that gives me more nights off.
I made a suggestion at work and they are going to implement it.
I bought a new pair of shoes. 
I won $1000 in a lottery
I published a paper in a prestigious scientific journal.
My brother visited for Easter.
I bought a golf cart.
My wife brought a Kit Kat bar to me during my workout. 
I felt very happy to have my daughter chosen as the brand representative to a clothing company.
I was gifted a bath bomb with a tiny blue dragon hiding in the center.
The evening commute went mostly smoothly and I was not delayed coming home from work.
I went for a jog outside.
My parents came back from a trip. I had not seen them in months.
A third event that made me happy is my close friends birthday party where we played board games all day.
I saw the buds on the trees outside my apartment starting to grow.
I was happy to take my dogs on a long walk.
Bought my first electric bike. I felt thrilled because I am now able to skip traffic and get a nice and relaxing ride each day before work. 
One of my favorite happy moments was spending time with my mother at one of the famous tourist spots in my city. It was one of our first real exclusive mother and daughter trips since an unhappy incident that shook our family life. 
I got a new car that has great gas mileage.
MY BROTHER WORKED IN OUT OF PLACE. HE CAME TO MY HOME. AFTER LONG DAYS I MET MY BROTHER. SO I FEEL FANTASTIC. WE WERE GO TO MANY PLACE.
I got an email saying I was selected to receive a free bagel every day for a month reward on my Panera Bread card.
I quit a job that had been making me feel awful. In some ways it was a bad decision, but I feel so much better now.
I gave money to a homeless person.
I got a phone interview with a recruiter in order to get a job lined up for graduation
I received a phone call from an old friend of mine and found out they were getting married.
I got a fit bit!
My aunt came to visit for a long week, which was the first time I've seen her in a year.
My significant other and I have date days every week, and during one of these days my SO surprised me with a Himalayan Salt Lamp that we had seen in the store and I had commented on really liking. 
When I saw my mom last week in her new wig.  She has cancer and said her hair was falling out and I was afraid to see her, but she had her new wig on and she looked adorable and me telling her so made her face light up.
When I went out with my girlfriend for drinks.  We talked and laughed over a bottle of wine and appetizers.  It was a great evening!
I received a raise at work. 
My husband and kids and I took an impromptu trip to Tennessee to see my inlaws. 
I found new tenants to move into a rental property that my family owns. 
I found a side job that I can can do from home to help supplement my income.
I made the decision to pursue an online degree by enrolling with Udacity.  
Starting a new job.
I received a cruise from my partner for an early birthday present!!!
Eating a delicious meal with my spouse.
I was happy when I had an really good conversation with my aunt and grandmother whom I was visiting in the hospital.
Laughing with an acquaintance as we entered a building and both of us were soaked from a sudden downpour.
We ordered pizza and had a nice dinner.
I filled my collection of army kettles and mess tins with several more kits that I didn't have until now.
while i do a different dishes and appreciated by each and everyone in my family at last week
When eacher said  assignment wasn't due yet, it made me quite happy
i got praise from my boss for doing well at my job.
I ate some Easter candy earlier today.
I got a new fish for my salt water tank and it's doing great.
My grandfather had a short stay in the hospital and wasn't doing very well but now he's out and he seems better than he's been in a long time. He's even making full, coherent sentences again. 
Finding out a hated ex coworkers business collapsed and she went bankrupt.
My puppy rested her head on my shoulder and gave me a kiss when I was feeling sick.
I ate a really amazing pizza at a local pizzeria with a friend last week. 
I played with Nerf guns with my sons for the first time.
Everyone works at his own pace, so why compare yourself to others? If you think you're better than someone else, you gain an unhealthy sense of superiority. If you think someone else is better than you, you end up feeling bad about yourself. You'll be happier if you focus on your own progress and praise others on theirs.
Got some debt put on delay and better payment plan that will help us so much!
I received a blu ray concert by my favorite Kpop group in the mail after waiting nearly a month.
Planning an upcoming trip to a tropical location for next Winter.
Working out at Santa Monica beach then hopping into the ocean to body surf and swim around was a lot of fun.
I overcame my fear of snakes.
I order a good $100 worth of shiny awesome fidget spinners to help me itch my brain, I have issues with attention sometimes.
I talked to my best friend on the phone
I played with my cat.
I set up a small easter egg hunt for my kid and her younger half sibling.  The reason her half sibling exists isn't a high point in my personal history, but she is a good kid and it was a lot of fun to see her follow her idol (my child) around during the hunt.
I finished cleaning my apartment and it didn't take nearly as long as I thought it would.
My sister told me my nephew asked for me by name for the first time.
We went to the MGM casino.
Getting an offer on the sale of our apartment over list as the result of a bidding war.  
My brother bought me a brand new tablet computer.
I got my hair cut very short, I an ecstatic about it.
I got approved for unemployment benefits so I will be able to earn a little bit of money while I am looking for a new job.
My son's 4th birthday was a rare 65 degree day in Michigan. It was a gorgeous day as the sun was shining. We had cousins over for playing and dinner. 
Ate some really good Subway again today. Was made fresh and I'm still full from it. 
I played an Easter egg hunt game with my family, putting prizes in each egg.
I bought my mother a cake for her birthday. 
I had an excellent dinner with soup and garlic bread
My daughter tweeted how lucky she is to have the love and support of her parents and she doesn't know where she would be without us!
My husband and I had lunch with his family on Easter. The day was sunny and warm and we were able to eat and socialize outside all day. It made me happy.
Finding out my brother got engaged to his long-term girlfriend.
My girlfriend walked out of the airport and watching her as she didnt see me gave me goosebumps.
I got an email message via ancestry.com from someone who said they were my cousin. It was very exciting, especially after I did some googling and found out that not only were they from another country (UK) but we both have a number of things in common. It's very exciting. 
I got back into art and started enjoying life again.
The weather is getting warm again and I just recently went on a hike with a group of friends and then dinner afterwards. It was a nice bonding event and gave us a chance to catch up on what's happening with everyone nowadays.
I recently had a birthday and I was happy to hear from my friends and family and receive their congratulations and appreciation.
Ranking up in League of Legends.
I feed dogs that i didn't own,with permission.
Today my baby learned to hi five
Got a free soda from my local deli
it would be last month when i weighed my self and saw i lost 5 pounds from working out 3 times a week
My dog healed from whatever was bothering her.
A friend of mine out of the blue decided to surprise me with a few world-class beers for us to share together and enjoy.
I got a promotion  at work, now I'm a manager. 
after returning home my parents felt very happy
I joined a social organization.
I celebrated a birthday dinner with my family.
I try to go out of my way to do nice things for people to brighten their day. I never expect anything in return. I went to work today and one of my coworkers had bought me a Dachshund Calendar, magnet and paper pad. I realized how much the little things I do are appreciated and she paid it forward.  
The volunteers that I appointed to replace me on the pet website celebrated their one-year anniversary.
There is a lovely finch couple building their nest on my carport which I've been monitoring these past few days.
It was a very memorable day for me yesterday as i met an old true friend of mine who was not in touch with me for a long time.We partied and had great fun together
My brother had another baby with his wife, so now I have 2 nieces! 
I went to Coachella.
I felt happy when I listened to my friend's band.
I spent the day with my husband at a friend's wedding.
Playing hokey with my friend and staing in and drinking and playing video games. 
My co worker brought me my favorite soda.
An event that made me happy was witnessing a veteran co worker re enlist in the military.
I found out we could pay down our debt with our tax refund.
My review at work went exceptionally well and my boss couldn't say enough good things to me, about me. 
I got an assignment back that I had to make a last minute executive decision about and I ended up being right about the problem. 
got breakfast with my wife
When my husband shaved his beard voluntarily and I didn't need to remind him multiple times.
My grandmother visited me from Argentina. I had not seen her in a few years and she came to visit me with my brother and his wife. I was thrilled. 
In the past 3 months I was able to feel loved by someone.
Passing all my classes
I received a gift from a friend on my birthday
About 4 weeks ago I got a new camera lens and it has enabled me to take some really nice photos because of its great quality in low light conditions.
I bought a puppy.
I got to take my oldest son golfing on a beautiful day.
Something that made me happy recently was a burrito I ate. It was really good, okay?
I got the sunroom decorated, and I love how it turned out.
I visited a travelling art exhibit on Italian sculpture.
I beat the game "Night in the Woods"
I was sitting in my garden after work and looking at the new blooms on the verbena we planted last year when I saw a hummingbird moth.  And then another. And another.  I had only ever seen one hummingbird in my life before that.  Now I have tons of them!
This last Monday, I was informed that I would be getting a raise at work. The raise was a fifty cent difference. This made me very happy as it was out of the blue. I was not expecting a raise as we are not giving yearly raises. 
I like traveling. I'm very thankful to god because giving me a family that loves to travel. When I go for traveling with my family, there are a lot of interesting place that we visit. Between traveling at bigger city and go traveling at Island, I will choose the Island to travel. I don't like travel at bigger city because it was so noisy and a lot of pollution. Enough for me to live and always trapped in the traffic jam especially when I'm go back home to my own town Johor Bharu. My parent will take us to go for traveling especially when school holiday is coming. A wonderful holiday that I still remember until now is when my family and I went to Tioman Island when school holiday. That was the first time and first experience I went to Tioman Island. We stayed at Tioman Resort about three days. About seven o'clock early in the morning, we took a car to go to Jeti Mersing from Kota Tinggi. Around nine in the morning, we arrived at Jeti Mersing and my father parked his car at there. We take a bot at ten o'clock. Our journey from Jetty Mersing to Tioman Island is about one hour and thirty minute. Along travel to Tioman Island by bot, I saw many interesting scenery like a lot of monkey when our bot is near to the near Island and the water was very clean and clear blue in colour. I'm the one who was very excited to arrived at Tioman Island. At twelve noon, we safely arrived at Tioman Island. I was very excited. The scenery was very amazing with the birds flying anywhere just like to welcome us. It is so fascinating to be there. When we went out from the bot, have a car exactly like when we see when people playing a golf was waiting for us to take us to the resort. Along in the car, we found a lot of monkey was climbed the trees. The driver also looked very friendly and love to tell us about Tiomal Island. 


I saw a beautiful double rainbow after a thunderstorm. 
My Australian Rules Football team (St Kilda) winning a game that people said they would lose and my favorite player coming back from injury and kicking a few goals.
I was able to get a good nap on the subway ride home.  I felt a little more refreshed.
I managed to master twenty yards on the range as an instinctive re-curve archer.
I was happy when I was able to sleep in last weekend. My son woke up at about 3am and came into my room and bad, then he slept until 10am. I can't remember another time I got that much sleep since before I was pregnant, so the rest was amazing. 
Just today learning that I am going to be an Aunt for the first time!
It made me happy to go to a baseball game with my dad because it was our first game together in a few months and my team won. 
Girlfriend and I agreed on vacation plans for visiting Ireland and bought the plane tickets we'll need.
on that day my family and me did celebrate my birthday with cake and coffee and other soft drinks. My mother asked me what kind of cake I would like to see on the table and she said I can choose two different pies that she will buy then. I said I would like to see a (Cheesecake) and a  (Bee Sting Cake). Then my aunt did call me by phone and asked me as well what kind of pie I would like.. I must explain that my aunt loves to bake Pies and she is master in that area! I answered that we will have already two different pies but I knew my aunt would ask her question again as baking is her passion and she did. I said I would like to see a Black Forest gateau There was plenty sweet stuff !!
I met a friend for lunch.  It was such a long time since I last spoke to him.  It was so good to connect.
Good friends, family, and I went out to celebrate my dad's birthday.
My little niece, who i haven't seen for a couple months, ran up to me, hugged me, and said i missed you. 
I took a good nap after my new lover left. I haven't slept so well in months. I woke with a smile on my face.
I got a video game that I have been wanting for a while
I went for a walk with 2 of my good friends for the first time on Sunday because the weather was finally warm and when I left my one friend gave me a bag of really cute shirts that she couldn't fit into and that I really liked and needed.
When my brother gave me a mini-rose for Valentine's day.
I spent time with a family member who I have not seen in a very long time.
A Japanese Maple in my back yard that I thought had died over the winter is showing signs of life.
The offsite with colleagues was great fun. We had stimulating discussions.

Getting a new book i loved.
I cooked an experimental gumbo for my wife and sister, and it came out much better than expected.
I ran 10 miles.
I was happy when I bought ice cream about the store.
I was happy on my birthday because I went to brunch with all of my friends and we had a great time.
I bought a bottle of champagne and enjoyed mimosas with a good friend.  We got a little tipsy and a lot happy.
An event that made me happy in the last month was doing an art project with friends.  I love to do art and used to do it a lot, but haven't recently had the time.  It was so nice and relaxing to be able to do something like that and take time for myself.  It was a great creative outlet that I haven't had enough of for myself lately, and it left me feeling happy and wanting to do more like that. 
I went and ate a picnic beneath the cherry blossom trees.
I went to my first baseball game of the year. Baseball is my favorite sport, so this made me extremely happy. We won!
It made me happy when a friend from Texas texted me with encouraging words.
Getting to watch NBA playoff games in the evening.
before a month i bought a new mobile phone for self purpose.though i have been using smartphones for ages I had a special bond with the new iphone i have bought.I feel like i finally found my right phone.I always feel happy whenever i see my phone.
Receiving a MacBook Pro after using a slow laptop for the past 6 years.
I bought a new laptop.
I got booked for a photoshoot.
I found out that my brother got a prestigious internship in DC this summer. I was very happy and proud for him. He worked so hard to earn this position. I was also happy that this would mean I would be able to visit him this summer. 
My fathers hair is almost all grown back since he had chemo.
I won $100 at Mohegan Sun Casino.
I was happy to see a candidate that we're running perform well in a town hall.
I met my old friend.
I went to an improv class for the first time.
Recently, my husband told me he is considering having another baby. 
several of extended family member stopped by to visit after a decade after their last visit.
I went to the theater to see Into the Woods in April.
I got a coupon in the mail for a free chicken and family style salad at Whole Foods.
I adopted a dog near the beginning of the year. 
My daughter made herself her own lunch.
When I opened up my desk at work and found some granola bars that I had forgotten about. 
I was able to stop working with a particular co-worker who got on my nerves.
While grocery shopping with my grandmother two days ago as I bent down to lock her wheel chair I found a gift card that had been lost with fifteen dollars on it.
I got my tax refund back and was FINALLY able to get caught up on all of my past bills and still have some left to stash away in savings. 
I was happy that my fiance let me pick dinner and we got to have sushi.
I got a new dog
I received an Easter present from my sister which contained a sparkling pomegranate drink that I had yet to try, but am dying to.
examination result  
I watched my hometown baseball team win a game.
I got to give a family friend a nice surprise.
On Valentines Day my husband brought home a puppy.
When I went to mail my income tax forms at the post office, there was barely a line so I was able to get my stuff mailed quickly and didn't have to wait too long.
Reading the book which describes the evolution of humans
I saw a puppy and its owner let me pet it.
I felt happy to know that a visit to a friend's house helped them to be less depressed, or at least stave off suicidal tendencies.
I found a picture of my mother that I thought I had lost for good.
My cousins baby was born.
Spent time with my family watching some funny videos.
My mother went to the beach with me last week. I was so happy and exited. I was looking forward to go with to the beach in particular, it was my vision since I came down south for the first time.
I bought tickets for myself and 3 friends to attend a professional baseball game.
I received an unexpected check in the mail for a substantial amount which I was pleasantly surprised by.
Booking a flight to see my sister whom I have not seen since Christmas 
When I received and email from my Mom with my Grandson's latest drawing / work of art he had done.  Incredible for a 7 year old boy.  I was / a one proud Grandma and so excited about his natural artistic talent!
I won $50 on an instant lottery ticket last month.
My child was excited about Easter
I located a side job to supplement my income.
I decided to help out a friend of mine for a day. It worked out.
Last weekend I decided to wash my bike and I enjoyed this because it is a simple activity that I like to do.
I stopped caring about certain things that used to bother me!
Drinking a ginger tea , that's all there is , this week hasn't been very exciting or happy , in fact it's been rather tiring and stressful but it's fine , a cup of tea can fix anything.
Receiving a compliment on my new tattoo.
My kid won first prize in the state level Yoga co petition and selected for the next level.
I ate an In and Out Burger 
One of my cats that doesn't spend a lot of time around me spent last night cuddled up next to me purring.  I was very happy to have her attention, and it made me very calm.
I was happy that I got a good deal on my oven when I bought it last week.
I practiced dancing with my dad.
I found out that my favorite band would soon be releasing an album of new music.
Got to watch the new season opening episode of Doctor Who with the family. It seems to be a great start to a long awaited new season.
I discovered a hidden gem. I am a ramen lover by blood and found a very good ramen place. Somehow the ramen tasted like a gift from god. It just hit the spot real well and I was beyond content.
I did my Bible study this morning.
My young kid overcome an unknown disease symptoms and became well and started to play with his siter yesterday
The amount of work coming into my company should really start making a difference for my budget.
I ordered a new pair of sweatpants.
My daughter scored the highest number at her choir UIL.
I received a raise.
I was able to find something extremely rare at the flea market for a good price.
I played with video games with my wife during a lazy Sunday. 
Last Sunday, we went to my parents house for Easter, and my dad had bought two little four-wheelers for the kids to drive around the yard. My three-year-old son got on one and after a little bit of initial difficulty was able to drive it around the yard in circles. Watching him learn how to do it and managing to drive it around the yard on his own made me very happy.
Doing several things today that my wife normally does as a way to help her when she is feeling sick.
I went for a hike with a friend and my daughter.
I got a new video game system and that made me very happy.
Had Lucky Charms for the first time in a while.
The first nice weather day I took my Jeep out and was able to drive around with the roof and doors off.
Someone from a local municipality commented to me that she enjoyed my blog and thought my writing was really enjoyable and unique. 
i am very happy in mobile game and watching movie
Finding out that i was getting back a tax refund instead of having to pay taxes.
I finally paid off a credit card that had been carrying a balance for several years.
My wife and I made profiteroles from a new cooking book - they were delicious, easy, and proved that we could move on to making other things we've never even though we could make before. 
My sister and I made up, we were talking for a couple of weeks
My daughter both came home with A's on tests on the same day.
I got a good grade on a test.
