Skateboarding alters your perceptions of urban space forever. Bland 1960s architectural eyesores become a creative challenge awaiting skate exploration. With the streets as your playground, loyal friendships are formed a a wolf pack of sorts a with whom you roam, hunting out new challenges and opportunities and Relationships with fellow skateboarders traverse international borders because the sport brings with it a global bond of sincerity. You know endless good times await a you're a global conquistador aboard four wheels and seven layers of Canadian plywood.. and when i fall my friends cheer me up. when i land a trick that the most never ending happiness.
I waited patiantly for my income tax return and finally received it. And no i haven't went rogue with impulse purchases. I just did  the noble thing to do and take care of home, made a couple of investments and put the rest in my bank account.
I am happy when i purchase a new vehicle 
My husband purchased a new nan for me.
Summer vacation. It was a long journey to Ooty from Delhi, but we thoroughly enjoyed it. We reached Mettupalayam by train. From there we took another train for Wellington. This journey, in the little mountain railway, was quite exhilarating and unforgettable.


During the journey we saw breath-taking scenes of Nigeria hills and forests. There were my maternal uncle, aunt, their little daughter Jasmine and 2 attendants to receive us at the station. We were overAjoyed to see and meet one another.

The following day, and then on the week-end, we visited Ooty. On both these visits we enjoyed the beauty, freshness, food walking, horse-riding and excursions. Situated at the height of 2,286 meters on Nigeria hills, Ooty is a very popular and famous hill resort of South India. It is in the state of Tamil Nadu. Full of rich tourist- activities and possibilities round the year, Ooty was discovered in 1819 by the then collector of Combater, an Englishman, Mr. John Sullivan. He constructed his summer residence there. He was the first man to do so. He was soon followed by numerous other Englishmen. It then became the summer seat of Provincial Government of Madras.
The temperate coolness attracts a large crowd of people from nearby areas, provinces and distant parts of the country. Originally it belonged to the Toads, a hill tribe which still lives in the Nigeria Hills. This aQueen of the Hill Stationsa is full of nice outdoor activities like hiking, boating, fishing, horse-riding, long walks, excursions and shopping. There is a big and wonderful botanical garden in the very heart of the town. It has more than 600 varieties of exotic plants and trees. We visited the botanical garden and then enjoyed boating in the lake.

We went to Deadbeats Peak in our uncle's car. From there we had an excellent panoramic view of the plains below. Is the highest point and boasts the height of 2,638 meters. There is also a telescope for the viewing pleasure of the tourists. We also visited and immensely enjoyed the nearby Samas Park, a nice picnic spot full of many varieties of plants, trees, herbs and a fine pool full of lilies.

The shopping in the small but colorful market of the town is an unforgettable experience. Mother bought a few silk sarisa, spices and some other items as gifts for our friends and relations. I bought some special tea and items of woodcraft. Ooty, overlooking blue hills and lush green valleys, is a very pleasant place and tourist resort. There was a big crowd of Indian and foreign tourists.

We also visited nearby Connor, a small but colorful town amidst sprawling tea gardens. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit to this still station. We also exposed a number of films to capture beautiful and natural scenes, events and memorable moments. These photographs will help us to keep our joy and memories of the place ever new and fresh.
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.
A horse that I knew got shipped to slaughter, was tracked down right before the Mexican border yesterday and bought from the kill buyer.
The woman who has recently found the identity of her birth mother emailed my wife and me.  We had sent her an 18K gold pocket watch that her grand parents bought in 1950 and had engraved with their initials.  She was so moved and wept at the kindness and the reality of holding this moment.
For the first time in about 6 months, I drove to my tea shop and bought 4 oz of Kenilworth Ceylon tea.
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.
I needed to buy guacamole for tacos  during my Sunday shopping trip and when I picked up the container I noticed it was 75% off due to it being close to the sell by date. 
Actually yesterday evening i for the firsttime i prepared a home made facepack by using different flowers i bought, to my cute sister, which she liked so much, which made me really happy.
is something small-i just restive a order i was made from alliexpres...wow is so fast 
I bought a $1 scratcher ticket earlier today and won $40.
We went Mahalaxshmi temple yesterday evening at 6.30pm .So many public in inside the temple.We pray the god 30min ,then we ate pongal prasadam in temple.We purchase some items in out side the temple then we back our home.
yesterday we made a shopping along with my wife and she enjoys the shopping with good variety of sarees and chudidhars by selecting the appropriate.She also insist me to purchase a new shirt and purchased. We enjoyed very happily with this shopping.
Last night I watched an episode of amounam sammathama with my Mom and Little sister soumya after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks
I purchased tickets to Planet Comicon KC and a photo op with John Barrowman for my 60th birthday.
I purchased a squeaky toy for my german shepherd. He was very happy with the toy and pranced around the living room showing everyone in the family the new toy.
we planned to go to tour on summer vocation.my father showed me a  buying tickets. i was surprised
Went to my favorite seafood restaurant for dinner and ordered my favorite food. (Scallops)
It sounds silly but I NEVER make it in time to Sknic to get their happy hot price on a slushy but I did today. I even ordered the extra large since it was 93 degrees out and I was outside ALL day!
A simple WhatsApp conversation and the fact that I had food to eat I just bought new DSLR and the moment my young kids opened the box my house was full of giggles and chuckles .. Hehe huhu..this made me extremely happy.
Yesterday morning I did watering to my plants, When I was done the watering to my plants. My uncle came to me and ask, really you're good! daily Iam watching you, you're caring lot to these plants I like your habits and I too will follow these things from the tomorrow I will buy some plants and kept it in my home. I would like to make green earth, thank you for teaching this. I replied uncle Iam not teaching you. This is basic things to do in our life. Yes we should keep our earth green and clean air. Thank you for following this. He replied yes thank you and welcome. Youare so nice. I was happy and replied good to hear from you. Thank you.
the baby set i ordered finally came and i set it up without any issues that i would normally have
My wife got me a very thoughtful birthday present. Something I would've never purchased for myself.
I have been searching for the latest Nintendo console since it came out but due to a large demand, I could never find one until one day I went to a large retailer to purchase an unrelated item when I walked over to the electronic section and saw three consoles in the display case as I quickly went to purchase it!
My husband bought  a new car first time after our marriage
Received order from OldTimeCandy.com containing many nostalgia inducing favorites I hadn't had in years.
I have buy new android phone and i take selfie wherever i go then i recall the event . That make me very happy.
I bought a new puppy named Buddha and he is a miniature Schnauzer.
We purchase the new washing machine yesterday 
3. April in Pocatello, ID has been a mixture of rain, snow, wind, interspersed with a few really nice days.  A few weeks ago it got up in the 60's and although I have never been diagnosed with SAD (Seasonal Affective Disorder) I noticed that my mood went from somewhat blasé to very positive. 
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.

My daughters face when I arrived at her door with the 10 size 24 mths onesies that she wasn't able to get out of the house to purchase.
Last month we went to Hyderabad because of my husband he have some office work we saw the nan and park and buy any things for friends and family
I enjoy seeing neatness and orderliness and every time I straighten up the garden it makes me feel really happy.
I recently bought a new car, and I wanted it to be louder. A nan exhaust would be close to a thousand dollars, so that was out of the question. Instead, I got a resonator delete, and got a straight pipe put in place of it. It sounds better than I expected. 
Yesterday evening (05.05.2017) around 8:00 PM I am at office. I have received a printing order worth Rs.2000/- Per day income of Rs.2000 is a big money for me. I am very glad and finished the work up to 11:00 PM and went to home. Early to this incident, just my shop owner came and asked for the rent. I am very sad about not to pay him at time. But now I am very happy. 
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On that day, My brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very blissful. 
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On that day, My brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very blissful. 
Unfortunately,  I went to my grandma house. On that day, MY brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to gift shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very blissful.
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On that day, My brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very blissful. 
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On the day my brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to gifts shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which I selected, he felt very blissful.
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On the day, My brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to gifts shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which I selected, he felt very blissful.
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On that day, My brother came there, That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very blissful.
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On that day, My brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddently I am go to gift Z shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very blissful.
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. on that day, my brother came there. That day is his birthday suddenly I am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things, on seeing he gifts which selected he felt very blissful
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On that day, My brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to gift shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which I selected, he felt very blissful.
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On that day, My brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very blissful.
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.
My daughter ordered LuLaRoe for my husband to give to me for my birthday! This saves me having to drive him around to shop for me as he doesn't drive plus I am sure I will be happy with the gift.
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, God's photos, etc. he said that it prices each Rs.250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs.350. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, God's photos etc., He said that it prices each Rs.250. But a gentle genuine  man bought that all times for each Rs.350. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, God's photos, etc. He said that it prices each Rs.250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs.350. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, God's photos, etc. He said that iit prices each Rs.250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs.350. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, god's photos , etc. He said that it prices each Rs. 250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs.350. I really felt to salute him what happens.

I was shopping the other day and was looking for new shoes.  The shoes I loved were on sale 50% off.  I wasn't going to buy them until I double checked the price and couldn't believe they were on sale
I ordered to a friend living abroad in Asia a rare and hard to find incence, but I was not allowed to be sent by post, and finnaly a friend could bring it back to me last week ! I've been waiting for it nearly one year.
Searching online for platform beds and memory foam mattresses that I plan to buy in the next month because I'm excited to get my new set!
I bought a bike and a bicycle at the same week last month. I've been dreaming of having my own bike for as long as could remember. The bicycle was also a bonus present for the family and we're all truly happy about it.
On April 30, 2017 I obtained a new credit card that had zero percent fees on purchases for 15 months, plus 5% cash back on some purchases.
Today I got to be a super couponer at Walmart and walked around just buying things on the iBotta app.
My best friend's correct diagnosis of gender dysphoria and her subsequent seeking of treatment for the condition in order to be able to live their life honestly.
I bought pop tarts for a really cheap deal from slick deals website. And it was cinnamon flavoured, so yummy.
due to married am unable to go for job by that time i got one reference and got online job which can be done from home. its easy for me to earn more money and now am more happy to buy all things
I purchased a beautiful vintage gold foil art print that changes color depending on the light source.
My much awaited desired prolonged Velankanni trip.

One of the greatest pleasures of being in Chennai is your proximity to a lot of one day getawaysa| and nothing more exciting than planning a trip.

Even though we are in the first quarter of the year I have exhausted my leaves due to our clichA(c) dialogue personal issuesa.

Now that canat stop me from holidaying ;-)

When I sat down to plan the places to visit on my bucket list the first one that popped up was Velankanni, to visit the shrine of lady of good health.

In times of sickness this was always on my mind that when I get back to optimum health I will go and stand face to face with this mother as a sign of gratitude.

Hailing from down south in Kerala the trips to Velankanni were often registered as tedious, dirty, long trips.

I decided to create a better memory and enjoy my trip.

I did my research on climate to start with, modes of transport, hotels food, mass timings, and other tourist spots around Velankanni.

For the last two weeks I have been doing my research on the internet about Velankanni and speaking to the best hotels available for tariffs.

Something or the other came up and my two day leaves were not working out.

I planned a one day trip.

Departure - 10pm Chennai the busy Koyembedu bus stand

Arrival at the holy soil a 4.30 am.

I rushed back from my hectic weekend at work and quickly packed my backpack with clothes and other necessities, cookies to munch on and water.

Not to give extra strain on my back I preferred a Sleeper bus. There were hardly buses to Velankanni (surprisingly).I took a non a/c sleeper bus as A/c was not available. The humidity currently is beyond words could explain. I kept my fingers crossed that I should not fall ill or claustrophobic in the bus.

I thanked all the bloggers and their wonderful reviews which were so helpful choose the bus and hotel I wanted to stay in.

I would be using the hotel only during the day to refresh and catch some sleep which I have been deprived of.

Koyembedu and travel from that super busy noisy bus stand was not new to me. I sat down waiting for my bus and remembered my college days of how reckless and daring I was to walk in to koyembedu buy a random ticket to Nagercoil and further take buses to Trivandrum.

Today in spite of all the planning I was worried,

The bus reminded me of a fish .Tall and sleek and way too silvery.

Even though these thoughts happen on my thought bubble I laugh out loud, followed by an embarrassment.

The sleeper was an upper berth and had sliding windows. The bus started to move and the air fought to gush in.

I didnt want to reach velaknni at 4.30.I prayed hard for a delay in departure contradicting to the prayers of fellow passengers.

I had a small talk with the bus driver and conductor and asked him if he could drop me  at amathakulama(this was the landmark the hotel reception gave me.

After a long halt at a toll before reaching Velankanni the bus pulls in to Velankanni by 5.30.The sun was out and I was a happy child. A proactive bus conductor asks for a couple of directions and drops me at VPN hotel in Matakulam or Our ladyas tank.

The bookings we done prior to my visit and they offered 10% discount plus complimentary breakfast after my sweet talk and enquiries.

The hotel was relatively new and the rooms were spotlessly clean .

I hit the bed and woke up at 8.30am.A quick shower and nibbled through a bit of everything on the buffet, took my camera and stood outside the hotel.

Being very enthusiastic and experimental that morning, I took a shortcut to walk to our ladyas tank.

I walked and walked through a dry dusty road with no signs of a tank. Occasionally there was a signage pointing to the direction I was walking to. I finally reached my destination. There were trees with cradles tied all over with bright yellow threads.

There was the tank with a metal covering and a cross and Hail Mary stencilled on it. I could look through the small holes and see a reflection of it in the water beneath.

I walked towards the Shrine of our lady of Good health and by then the sun was at its peak. Sipped from a bottle of water I was carrying and I could see devotees crawling towards the tank from the church as a belief. I saw an exhausted woman in the verge of collapsing on the sand. She drank water from my bottle and I proceeded to the church. There was a malayalam mass happening at that time and I took that as a sign from Mother Mary Welcoming me to her abode.

I sat on the floor outside as the church was full of Malayalam speaking devotees. Post the service I entered the church and I quickly tried to remember the names I had registered in my mind of people who needed special blessings.

I felt that I was pressurised to pray and not to forget.

I did my generalised template of prayer and prayed for My parents, grandparents, uncles ,aunts, cousins, their children, relatives, neighbours in all houses I have lived in, people I have met in all cities that I have lived in, my school, colleges, juniors , seniors , classmates, faculties, teachers, mentors, guides,doctors,people who are unwell, troubled, colleagues at work, bosses.

I have always found myself in a very difficult spot trying to pray in a busy church. I never get a Holy feeling or connect.

There is always suffering around.

Visited a museum near the church with pictorial depiction of how mother Mary appeared to the milk man .The church was founded its founding is attributed to three miracles: the apparition of Mary and Jesus to a slumbering shepherd boy, the curing of a lame buttermilk vendor, and the survival of Portuguese sailors assaulted by a violent sea storm.

I walked through the dirty crowded humid roads with fruit, shell, and pirated CD vendors and reached the beach.

The sipped some tender coconut water and clicked a few pictures of the ocean.

I ate raw mangoes and cashew apple.

The resinous cashew juice burnt my stomach as I walked back to where I could take a rickshaw back to the hotel. I ordered food to the room and slept. I was content that a long term dream came true and I was relaxed after the good sleep and food at the hotel.

I lay on the upper berth looking at the beautiful full moon from the window and the wind stroking my hair getting recaps of the day which has gone bya|in spirituality and relaxation. I would probably not want to go back to Velankanni but I have memories well etched.

I was in the drive thru line at Tim Horton's coffee shop about a week ago and when I got to the window to pay I didn't have to pay because the car in front of me had paid for my order.
I needed a deep color red  pair of shoes, I had purchased an outfit and I needed this particular color in order to go well with the dress, I went to so many stores as looking for this color online, would not be effective. After three hours of searching, I finally found the correct color and I was able to stop searching.
Itas a trip to Kanyakumari from Bangalore. Kanyakumari is the southernmost tip of mainland India and is surrounded by three water bodies. Bay of Bengal towards east, Indian Ocean in south and Arabian Sea in west. I think it is the only place to see sun rise and sun set in water bodies in India. Kanyakumari town is named after the goddess Kanyakumari amman, a popular deity of the area. Legend has it that the goddess Parvathi in one of her incarnation as devi Kanya did penance on one of the rock of this landas end to obtain the hand of lord Siva. Tip of the day a Never ever wear any footwear which is difficult to open in Kanyakumari like sneakers or other shoes. Every place you visit, you have to open your shoe even in museum. 2nd tip of the day a Always wear socks to protect your feet from heat. 3rd tip a Protect yourself with best sunscreen lotion you have. 4th one a everybody speaks Hindi. 5th one a Hardly any non veg restaurant. Everyone is veg and I figured out only one non veg which became my favorite. Ok ok lots of free trip.

Its 22-March-2017 10:30 PM, we have boarded Nagercoil Express in Bangalore City Junction station. Since this train does not have any pantry, we had to get packed food. When I am traveling I am always double hungry than normal days. The train was full, but it was totally empty once it reached Madurai next day at 10:00 am. Runai and I were thinking whether the train will go till Nagercoil or not. Then I saw there was another family far end in the same coach.

We reached Nagercoil Junction station at 23-March-2012 2:30 pm. We came out of the station and saw lots of taxi waiting to take you to Kanyakumari. We know that they are going to take you on a ride if we hire them, so thought of taking a bus because it 20 KM from Nagercoil to Kanyakumari. There lots of local public bus very frequent to go to Kanyakumari. But then I came to know that it will take 2 hours to reach in this type of bus because it will go everywhere and will stop in every place. One person told us that if we walk a kilometer from there to reach highway, then we will get direct express bus for Kanyakumari and will take hardly 20 min to reach. Along with us there were another family who came to highway road bus stop. After waiting for 10 min, a bus came and we boarded that bus. Ticket was Rs. 18 per head and we reached Kanyakumari around 3:30 pm. We asked one fellow passenger to drop us in Kanyakumari Railway station. I had a printed google map of all the places from Kanyakumari Railway station. Anyway we got down and saw that itas the entrance for Our Lady of Ransom Church.

We decided to go to the church and then search for hotel. We did that promptly. Itas a beautiful church. A bit of information about this church a Located on the shoreline of the Bay of Bengal, the 100 year old Church in dedicated to Mother Mary. It was built in the Gothic style of architecture with a strong Portuguese influence. It is 153 feet high and is crowned with a cross of pure gold. One lady near the entrance asked me if I know Tamil and I replied yes. May be she knows only Tamil and wanted to communicate something important. She told me that behind the church, there is a staircase and on top there is a new smaller church build and we also get to see beautiful view of Bay of Bengal from the terrace. We opened our shoe and went inside the church. Interior was very simple just opposite to the decoration on outside. Then we went backstage and went to that new church which was pretty small and from the terrace we can see the beautiful sea. We could not take any picture because we did not yet open our luggage.

Next was our hotel search. Tell you something, if there are 100 houses for local resident, then there are 1000 hotels for tourist. So we decided to go near the beach and get a hotel. In the midway we found a budget Hotel Sangam. We wanted to enquire the rate and they told Rs. 1300 and 1000 for A/C and Non A/C double bed. We told its too much and we were about to leave and the receptionist told us, that they have room for Rs 600. Basically itas the same room and since it is off season, they lower the rate and I instantly booked it for 3 days. After refreshing we went to the restaurant downstairs. We did not wanted something fancy so ordered for 2 plates of lunch meal. Tell you something, I donat know what they gave in food but I till late night I was not hungry. So we decided that we are not going to go in that restaurant anymore.

We headed toward Triveny Sangam (which is the meeting point of three water bodies). I am confused here. Till now I know that there are 3 different Triveny Sangam (one near Srirangapatnam, another near Coorg and next is this one). If a traveler ask for Triveny Sangam details, where will the person refer to? Anyway itas a rocky place and no sea beach as such. There are plenty of shops for sea shells and they are pretty cheap AMO. Big shells were for Rs. 200 whereas in Chennai they are sold for min Rs. 500 for bad quality ones. We can have a so-so view for sun rise and sun set from here with lots of obstacles. After the sun set and few photographs, we left the place.
After celebrated alagar festival we went to thamukam ground to saw the exhibition with childrens then we went to shos on that ground and buy the cosmetic's items.
After celebrated alagar festival we went to thamukam ground to saw the exhibition with childrens then we went to shops on that ground and buy the cosmetic's items.
I bought a deep fryer so i can make homemade donuts 
I think a key part of why learning new skills can bring happiness, is that you need to concentrate in order to make progress. The flow state has been found to trigger happiness.
I bought excellent new work boots that fit well and are comfortable.
Got a cannon pixima printer for free, just need to buy ink. 
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.
I purchased a new video game two weeks ago, "Mass effect" for my playstation. All of the reviews were pretty sub-par, but i figured i would give it a chance. To my surprise, not only was the game fun, but is something that i look forward to playing (at least for the now) quite a bit.
I found a great deal on hard drives and bought a 2TB one for $30
today i bought 2 gold studs from a jewellery, which i liked it very much, which makes me happy.
I have a crush on this girl I met through an app and we've met about a month ago and have been talking since then.  I've never met her in person but we have facetime each other, well we had an argument a week ago and she didn't talk to me for approximately 3 days and I really thought that was it until she facetime me last night!  I had the best feeling ever it was like going to your favorite ice cream place and ordering your favorite flavor, I felt warm inside.
One afternoon I was at the store. I saw a lot of traffic and people. I could hear the people saying, hurry up!aa I could smell junk food. I was feeling so happy because it was Halloween.

I was passing by the street and I saw this old lady who needed help. She was 61-years-old, as tall as a tree, and her shape was skinny. Her hair color was white as snow. Her skin color was white as well. Her eyes were brown. She had pink clothes. Her eyes seemed to be saying to help her cross the street.

People were crowding like an angry mob. Another thing I could see was people wearing their Halloween costumes like they couldnat wait to get their own hands on the candy.

Finally, it was late and all of the people went trick or treating. Then I helped the lady cross the street, so she could go buy candies. She went home to give out candy to the kids. Afterwards, she was happy that I helped her.
Shares i bought rise up to 5 %.
I am went the mahal .i purchase many things for my own use.i am very happy to spend that time 
Had a surprise samosa(an indian tasty snack) brought by an unexpected friend. i was little hungry in the evening and was a bit lazy to prepare anything so was thinking to order something but out of no where one of my friend visited me and he had few samosas his room mates. During our chat i just asked him i am ordering something to eat you want anything, he said hey man i have samosas, sorry i forgot to ask. i was like whaaaat...thanks buddy. 
It was when I taught my Grand Mother to use my brand new iPad Pro and Apple Pencil and she was delighted to use it.One weekend, when I went to my home with my brand new iPad Pro and iPencil, I was curious to let my Grandma use it.That day, she was on her way to temple when I made her sit with me and taught few basic things of the iPad.My Grandma is wonderful brave and 76 years old lady, who successfully completed her 8th grade of those days (A great matter of fact in those days who was brought up by a Step Mother). At first, it was all fantasy for her. She refused to touch the screen or pencil. But, after a small demo that I showed, she volunteered herself to try it out.Here are some beautiful picture of hers trying this eraas gadget.The first thing she wrote in iPad is my Grandpaas name in Tamil .Then, she wrote all my family members name. I wonder she follows the order even in writing our names.
The surprise started with a card from the post office put through my letter box.  The card said that they had tried to deliver a parcel to me, but because I was out when they called they hadnat been able to leave it, so Iad have to go and pick it up from the parcel depot.  I was intrigued.  I hadnat ordered anything online, it wasnat my birthday, and I wasnat expecting anything exciting in the post at all.  I had no idea what it could possibly be.  The next morning I went to the post office with some ID to prove who I was, and collected the parcel.  It was a box, about the size of a shoe box, wrapped in a dark grey plastic packaging, with the name of the company ablurta on it.  I was none the wiser, I didnt recognise the company and couldnat tell who it was from by the wrapping. 

I waited until I got home, and then I opened it.  The parcel contained a brown cardboard box which said 'Buddy Boxa on the outside.  Inside, was a collection of rather random, but very charming gift items.  They included a pair of socks made from bamboo; some rather strongly scented soap (I wasnat too sure about that!); a little blank pad of writing paper with a cover decorated with cactus plants, a asew your owna cactus kit (that was very bizarre) and an ultra-thin pen for sliding inside a diary or notebook!  There was still no card to say who it was from, but just an anonymous typed note saying aI saw this and thought of you!a  It was a completely unexpected gift, sent by someone, somewhere to cheer me up.  Iad had a rather bad time recently following a bereavement and losing my job as well, so Iad been quite down, knowing that someone was thinking about me was really touching, and as well as being a surprise, made me very happy.  The parcel came just a month ago, so it is a very recent surprise, but a lovely one. 
My husband bought me pumpkin spice pop-tarts on clearance, it was near expiry. I was so happy to see them, they are so epic + at so low cost. I had to do cardio with him at night to burn those extra calories #SexyTimes
I became happy when I was able to get to the store to buy a bottle of wine and a few budritas.
A few weeks ago i was in town and I bumped into an old maths teacher of mine. For this Blog I will call her Mrs A. Mrs A is quite a pleasant lady who always had a big smile and hello for me, which is kind of surprising and makes me feel a bit guilty for some of my behaviours towards her when i was at school. Back then I hated all teachers, the authorities. For me they were the enemy and Iam sure they didnt think much of me either. I recognise that I didnt give teachers an easy time I lacked the empathy and understanding to recognise that many teachers were just trying to do their best to do their job.

That day in town Mrs A and I had an interesting conversation regarding ADHD. First of all we did the pleasantries, asking each other how we were, Mrs A explaining she had been retired for a number of years and then we briefly discussed how great it is to see the sun. In Co. Fermanagh it is always a topic of conversation if the sun comes out because it usually never stops raining.   Then Mrs A asked me what I was working at these days and I explained that I was a founding director of Adult ADHD NI an organisation set up to support Adults and families affected by ADHD etc. etc.. Mrs A said well done Niall, that sounds like good work your doing. Then brightly laughing she said isn't it funny in my day there was no ADHD we called them BOLD CHILDRENa

Well I was glad she said it because I went on to tell her the following story, perhaps not quite as detailed, but she got the idea. It was actually Mrs Aas class that gave me a greatest understanding of how my school had failed me due to lack of knowledge or willingness to support students with various needs.   It was in year 4 that i ended up in Mrs As math class. Mrs As math class was what ye called top maths at my school. The maths class for the brainy students, the students that got everything really easy and the students that automatically understood how a2 + b2 = c2. So what the hell was I doing there? I was still trying to work out when they started adding the alphabet to sums, I must have missed that day. The reason I was there was due to the teacher I had from the year before. For this Blog ill call her Mrs B.

Mrs B was my ultimate nightmare. From the very first moment I met her at the door of her classroom Mrs B was screaming at me. At that particular moment she had no reason to scream at me but I can only assume that she had heard from other teachers that I had been a handful and she was not for taking any nonsense. Nonsense was my speciality, if I couldnat be nonsensical I had no idea what my role was. She ordered me to sit right in front of her at the top of the class and the second I opened my mouth she was down on me like a ton of bricks.
i bought a new bike in yamaha .my bike has 180cc engine
I just bought new DSLR and the moment my young kids opened the box my house was full of giggles and chuckles .. Hehe huhu..this made me extremely happy.Talking and laughing with my friends and family makes me happy.My boyfriend made me soup, his own improvised recipe.I slept throughout the night hugging the man that makes my heart beats fast and giving me laughs.

I took a walk last night and bought a nan and a coke and it was nice out with goose families walking around our apartment complex
Today I decided to try a new burrito and I am glad I tried a new one becuae now its my favorite.  I am happy to try different taste in my mouth and not be stuck with old boring ones.  I will add this one to my list of burritos to buy in the future.
Finally bought a brand new 4gb GTX 1050 ti graphics card, so i'll be able to play my games with decent level of detail and frame rates while I do wait for more jobs to arrive at the crowdsourcing sites I do work on.
i finished a large project that i had been working on for a week and i wanted it to be over so bad because it dragged on and on. But in order fr me to get it done, i had to sty up a few nights very late to keep from carrying work over from one day to the next.
morning when i was coming to home from shop i saw an little boy standing quite and looking those parents who is caring there children buying something to them that little boy just watching them and i am watching him....i went to him an asked hey u little boy who are you and why are you standing here....he replied i lost my parents in church...i bring that boy to the police station and i told about the boy to the police...then all of us sudden there parents came and embresed that little boy...i just felt like something i did something very good which describe me...that made my day i was happy to see them happy and i am really happy to see the smile in face of that boy he looked me and he smiled at me and gave an fly kiss
I just bought new DSLR and the moment my young kids opened the box my house was full of giggles and chuckles .. Hehe huhu..this made me extremely happy.
The phone that I have ordered in a local online store was delivered this morning. I like the phone so much!
I bought a new TV
my partner buy a big cake for me its very nice and tasty .i never expect the cake from my partner he really loves me lot .the cake is very delicious and very cold .the taste was very different compared to other cake .the day was went very interesting and i spent most of the time with my partner .we went to movie and we had a fun .i really miss my partner and after that most of the day i love to spent with him.
My father bought me a bicycle.
I went to the grocery store to buy a cooked whole chicken from the deli and found that it was half-price for the day.
I got a bonus at work for a creative idea that i came up with to enhance safety.I can now buy something nice for myself.
1. I had a super good mail day yesterday and received lots of items I ordered off amazon.
.

after 2 month i bought new tcl 32 inch led tv its looks cool and i really loved it
My mother-in-law offered me money so I could buy some yogurt I can't afford to buy by myself. 
I purchased a product I wanted for fifty percent off the retail price.
In the appointment order given to me I was surprised that the salary is doubled than now I am getting.
While buying medicine from a regular pharmacy store, I came to know that I had some unused points from my old purchases, so I did not have to pay anything for medicine I bought. 
After a long debate i finally convinced my parents to buy me a new laptop today.As promised they also bought me a new one and i am happy and satisfied with it.
I was able to go grocery store and saved money by not buying an impulse items or alcohol(which I have been trying to stay away from). 
I recently became friends with a really great group of people. Yesterday we ordered pizza, Chinese, and taco bell. Then we sat around talking and eating. Good times.Talking to my sister in law, eating some chocolate custard, and spending some time with my youngest child

My husband purchased a few things I like from the market.
I ordered some product in amazon.in and it got delivered today, that moment makes me feel happy.
The extra memory that I purchased for my computer arrived today, and it was very easy to install.
My husband bought my favourite sweet that really made me very happy
Some triathlon gear I'd been waiting on for a while arrived at last, after a pleasing and positive resolution with the seller. Very pleased with purchase - it fits and performs really well.
I went to Costco with my daughter and did not buy anything.
after 2 month i bought new tcl 32 inch led tv its looks cool and i really loved it
bought a new wallet that I was looking for. 
I got new underwear in the mail that I had purchased online.
I bought a new phone
I bought a new T-shirt for myself
The third thing made me happy is I got one credit card offer.  That they increased my reward points for my purchase and they also offered free movie tickets exclusively for my credit card that makes me happy.
I am running a business and I got more order than normal that moment makes me feel happy.
I bought a brand new dress that looks beautiful. 
I finally purchased my dream house yesterday, i am feeling very happy.
after 2 month i bought new tcl 32 inch led tv its looks cool and i really loved it
I found and ordered a book online that I will like a lot.
I was finally able to order the things I had been saving up for over the past few months.
After shoveling my neighbor's driveway a couple weeks back, they surprised me by ordering me a pizza for dinner.
I finally had enough money in my Amazon payments account to buy the vertical smoker that I have been wanting.
I went grocery shopping to purchase food to cook for my wife and myself. 
Getting a call from a client confirming a purchase order.
My ordered dress fitted me nicely.
I bought a new a pistol and took it to the range. I was able to shoot it very good.
I finally received my Pep Boys rebate in the form of a $40 prepaid Visa card in the mail, which I promptly used to purchase an item I had been wanting on Amazon.
I have begun looking for a home to buy and feel some hope for the future. 
I bought a new laptop.
I bought a new pair of headphones!
I bought a jacket that I had admired and got a great deal.
I won at poker at the local bar. I won $600 and bought a round of drinks for everyone cause I felt so good. I am still happy from this event even this morning. 
Yesterday I found and bought a Persimmon tree at Home Depot.  Later on I planted the tree in front of our yard.
I found fifty dollars on the floor and I was broke and I needed to buy some lunch.
When I bought a new top from my favorite store
On my way home, I purchased a purple flower plant, and gave it to my significant other when they arrived home from work. Just seeing their reaction made my heart glow.
I was happy when my online order arrived incredibly quickly. 
I purchased new pants that were two sizes smaller than I usually buy.

I bought a freshly made smoothie from our cafeteria. 
I was able to purchase Firefly on Blue-ray. I have been looking for a great deal and I finally found one.
I went shopping for my daughter's birthday and bought her a "Puppy Surprise" which brought back some childhood memories.
I went to buy a new game for my PS4 - street fighter V
My roommate bought me hersheys kisses
I did the laundry, folded the laundry, and put away the laundry in order without needing a break to do other things in between each task.
An order I placed for two customers came in and they fit them perfect. Happiness and relief!
My brother bought home pizza
Last night I watched an episode of aThe Waltonsa with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks!
It made me happy that my dog was really happy with a new toy I bought him.
A shirt that I had ordered online finally came in.
Being able to buy a pair of boots for myself.
I ordered pizza, and the rare treat tasted delicious.
Found out that my cousins bought a new home near me. 
I just cooked up a couple really tasty burgers and with the new spicy mustard saw I bought, they were perfect! 
Was given a bag of bacon bits, which was purchased at Costco.  Wasn't sure how good it would be, but tried it as a pizza topping.  It exceeded all expectations.
My co-worker bought coffee for the entire office.
These lemon donuts I bought from Publix.
In the past 24 hours I received a refund from amazon.com for an order that had not been delivered to me on time.
I bought my son a gift from the MTA store and left it on his bed so when he got home from school. He texted me a little while ago and told me he loved it.
I bought some clothes today that made me feel good.
I ordered a product for a client hoping they would like it. They loved it.
I bought a fitbit. This made me happy so I can now lose weight.
I was happy when I bought my tickets to watch beauty and the beast
An item I had been wanting to order went on sale.
I ordered some training supplies for my animals.
I bought some limited edition Oreos at the store today.
I received a package of some things I ordered online. I enjoy shopping and receiving packages.
My bathtub was draining slowly yesterday. I submitted a work order, and maintenance workers fixed it today. I was happy that it was fixed so quickly.
I went grocery shopping last night and was able to save a lot of money using coupons and not buying junk food.
i buy new shoes today.
A book I wanted to buy went on sale for Amazon and I bought it.
When I purchased in online store for Rs 1500, I got a cashback of 25% .
I found a coupon while ordering food online through seamless and saved $10.
my dad bought me the new nintendo switch and it was a total surprise.
When my husband bought material to rebuild our chicken coop. 
I ordered a new mountain bike from the Trek Store last week.
I had a totally crappy day at work, it was raining when I left the shop which was perfect for my mood. I got in my car, turned on the radio and surprise..more bad news. I decided to treat myself to a cup of coffee on the way home..instead of choosing the drive through I went inside to see what donuts looked fresh. I ordered my coffee donut to go and just as I was  about to pay I heard a voice behind me say, "I've got it". When I turned around I saw it was a guy from work who I don't really know but he's kind of cute. I thanked him, feeling my face getting red and said I'd see him tomorrow.
I was able to purchase tickets to a concert that I want to attend and got very good seats. 
I bought an expensive shoe that I have always wanted to wear  on amazon
last week I purchased a new car.
buying a new car
I finally was able to buy the NEW car I needed.


I was happy that I was able to purchase a dress that I've been waiting for. It was a dress that was very expensive but I was finally able to find it at an affordable price. When I received it, the dress exceeded all of my expectations.
bought a new phone this past month
When I bought first smartphone from my own income.
Someone bought a piece of art from me.
I bought tickets to go see Metallica!
I bought a new car
I purchased a New Computer for my office use.
bought a new laptop for myself, which made me happy.
I was happy to buy one of my favorite artist's new album that was just released.
Somebody placed a large order at my online store.
i buy new smartphone
 bought my desired bike in my own salary and that was a fruitful moment in my life which i will cherish forever. i had to save money for almost a year in-order to buy. 
I bought a plane ticket.
Last month it made me very happy to buy a new cell phone with my own money.
I moved out of my old apartment and moved into my first house that I have bought.
I bought a new car.
I am pregnant and will be having the baby in about 3 weeks. I finally got paint on the walls in the nursery and the furniture set up in that room. It was so exciting and refreshing to finally see the space that my little boy will live set up and in order. It lent to a feeling of hope and excitement for his coming arrival.
I purchased a barely-used car within the last month that was much newer than any previous vehicle I have ever owned.
Yesterday, I cleared all my pending tasks such as buying house stuffs etc., then i could spare time for myself. I would like to do this frequently.
I was happy when I bought new furniture.
Some packages I ordered and forgot about arrived a few moments ago.
I did something nice for a coworker by buying her a treat. 
I was able to purchase a full length mirror with two coupon codes and saved a ton of money, plus they gave me free shipping.
I bought a new truck and RV so I could spend more time with my family.
I bought my brother the video game he's wanted for a while.
The weather has been weird here in Michigan this Winter and we needed to sell our motor home and the weather cracked and we had some warm days that were not supposed to be here.  It made me SO HAPPY to sell our motor home during this time of unseasonal warmth!  We were able to show it to a bunch of people and this beautiful young couple came and looked at it and bought it the next day.
I was over the moon when my mum and dad finally saved enough money to buy replacement windows for thier home as they had badly needed them for many years.
We started building a new house 3 years before and then it has been stopped half-way constructed due to insufficient money. We are living in a village which is in rural area and our new house construction is at urban area where my father purchased a land 24 years before and my father expired 6 years back. After a big struggle, we again start the construction 4 months before and finished the construction last month and we are now at our new well-built house in an urban area. The moment when the opening ceremony of our new house was a happiest moment.
I received a package in the mail I'd ordered the week before. It was a bench grinder I'd taken over a month to finally decide on. I finally made my decision and anxiously was awaiting the chance to try it out. 
Earning enough money to buy a trampoline for my kids.
I was able to purchase all of the items that I needed for myself without having to worry too much about the cost
I bought a new car.
I bought a puppy. It is the first time I have ever had a pet.  I always wanted one.  I wanted a husky all of my life.  However, i recently decided after fixing eyes with a golden doodle i felt in love.  I got the pet and it is the best experience of my life.  She is so loving and loves to cuddle.  She keeps me happy every time i see her.
I became very happy when my boyfriend bought me a new car!
I finally put together enough money to purchase a new laptop that I have been working toward for well over four months! It was an amazing fulfilling moment. 
I was happy when I bought and received a new guitar. 
I was very happy when I purchased my brand new car, it is the first one I have ever owned.
I purchased a 40 inch flatscreen tv for my bedroom
i bought a LED TV by replacing older TV. i am very happy to see programmes.
I went to a store to buy some fabric and a husband and wife were working there, I think they owned the shop. Anyway, I was looking for fabric for a project and I found the most awesome silk shantung in the perfect color. As I paid the husband asked me if I was from India. I'm not, but it's always nice when someone wants to adopt you into their ethnic group. When I finished paying he gave me a cute little bracelet for free. It was a really small thing but it made me smile.
I'm finally about to buy a car. My savings just got their few days ago. Now I'm looking. It's exciting.
I got a bonus at my for $500.00 to buy whatever I wanted to buy without paying for a bill.
I was able to walk into a target and buy a Nintendo switch on launch day.
One thing in the past month that made me happy was that my husband bought me gravity boots; we had been going back and forth between getting a pull up bar for a while, because that's what he wanted, or an inversion table, which is what I wanted, but in the end he surprised me and got me gravity boots which are special boots to hang off a pull up bar so you're still upside down so I'm happy that he bought what he wanted but still took into consideration what I wanted.
I bought several books for cheap that would allow me to study well for an upcoming test.
I bought a new cell phone with latest features and specifications.
I could help a student to buy study materials who was best at his studies,but unable to support financially by his family
My brother visited my home. He bought me my favorite chocolates.
Completing DIY backyard project with my husband a couple weeks ago.  It was a spontaneous decision to go to Ikea to purchase flooring for our patio.  We had a fun time working on it together and are super pleased with the final result.
I bought my new computer, and once it arrived, was set up, and I became comfortable with the new operating system I was very happy.
I was happy when I bought Sniper Elite 4 mid-February.
When my dad bought me a puppy from the shelter. 
I purchased a new 4x4 Jeep to take on the Elk Hunt.
I was finally able to purchase a new phone when I needed to get one for quite a while.
I purchased a new variety plant and two days ago a new flower come from it.
I bought some new hand sanitizers that smell really good.
I was very happy that my husband purchased tickets for me to a live concert dinner for my birthday. I have always wanted to visit that restaurant and he was able to give it to me as a birthday present. I was very happy and am very ecstatic to go to the concert.
yesterday before i bought one iphone 7 it is very nice to use nice moment
I bought myself some new clothes on amazon after waiting a while to finally do it.
We bought a new car and it is the one which one I am long waiting. My dream came true.
At the end of the month I was give bonus which enabled me to buy a new car.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I bought a newer car.
I purchased a New Car for my official travelling purpose.
I was able to use my Mechanical Turk earnings to buy a collectible toy that I found on eBay for a great price, which was surprising and exciting to me.
Finally, bought the new LED TV
When I bought my favorite caramel ice cream from the store.
I bought a lot of new make up this month. I love make up so that made me happy.
I bought a new car
i buy a 4k tv 
I bought a fancy new mechanical keyboard.
Last weekend I finally got to redo my bedroom set dressers with the chalk paint and pretty knobs I bought!
I purchased an AC last month, I thought of buying AC for the past year and just now had money to buy that and that moment made me feel more happy.
I bought a new vacuum
I was overjoyed when I purchased my new vehicle from a friend. My last car was lost in an accident.
I bought a new car 
I bought a new remote control car and crashed it a bunch, and it was really funny.
My Significant other loved the gift I bought a week ago.
My daughter made me a beautiful hand-made card for Mother's Day and she also bought me a bouquet of roses.
I enjoyed going to work and helping others less fortunate, get their homes in order.
I got news that a friend of mine just had her offer approved to buy a house.
My husband bought a journal for us to write back and forth since we do not see each other much during the week.  I love to write and journal so it was especially touching. 
I bought a professional camera and an expensive lens to pursue my new hobby.
My dad gifted me a iPhone 7. I was thinking to buy this phone from long back and today iPhone was gifted
For the first time ever I decided to invest in stock. I found and online place to do it called Loyal3.com and its perfect for people that's in my economic bracket (poor) that may not be able to purchase whole stocks and they let you buy and sell for free. well I invested in some stocks and my stocks went up not all of them, but most of them and so I was happy that I earned some money.
I was so happy to find out my best friend went out of her way to buy me a really nice, new, expensive, video card for my computer!
I heard that my nephew, who has a genetic disorder, received some test results that the whole family has been anxiously awaiting, and it was very good news! 
I was incredibly happy when I got my order from Trades of Hope and not only loved the items that I purchased, but also found out that the bag I had bought purchased a chick that was given to a family in Africa. 
I was at an art store buying transfer paper for the same project and I was being helped by a young lady. We made small talk and I found out that she is an artist and student and very very broke. I imagined how tough it must be to be an artist who works at an art store and not be able to buy supplies most of the time because you can't scrape the money together. So I asked her advice on a gift for a friend, I needed her to tell me her favorite pencils so that I would know I was getting something high quality and useful.  Anyway she helped me pick out some pens and they were pretty expensive. As I was paying for them she asked if I wanted them wrapped up. I told her I didn't think so because they were for her. I could tell that made her day and making her day made me super happy for at least 3 days more.
I bought a brand new car.
I bought a new desktop for myself to primarily play video games on. 
What made me happy was buying myself a new pair of shoes.
I went to Costco for the first time in a couple years. I used to always enjoy going there several years ago and buying things in bulk and not having to shop for the rest of the month.
One thing in the past month that made me really happy was when it was my husband's birthday about a month ago and I worked really hard to bake him a Star Wars cake because he loves Star Wars and I made one in the shape of Darth Vader and then topped it with dark chocolate truffles that were in the shape of Stormtrooper heads that I had gotten out of a mold I bought and he really loved it and seeing his face when I presented him the cake made me really happy. 
I bought and ate some jelly beans for the store.
I bought a new pair of shoes.
My wife surprised me and bought me a new I-phone 6 so i could upgrade from the 4.
I buy a new plant
I purchased a lottery scratch off ticket and won $250 dollars.
I bought my new motor cycle.  
My friend came over and watched a new movie with me and we ordered pizza.
My girlfriend bought me a mug with the inscription. I love you
I purchased a new TV that I've been saving up for for quite some time.
I learned this trick from Marilyn Paul's clever book, It's Hard to Make a Difference When You Can't Find Your Keys. It's a known fact: Clutter causes stress; order creates a haven from it. This mood-boosting routine is simple: Take about three minutes to bring each room back to "ready" before you depart it.
I bought my niece a new bike for her birthday. She was happy, I was thrilled. Watching her try and fall, but finally succeed in riding the bike was quite a joyful experience.
I bought a new video game and played it with my daughter. The graphics were amazing, the story was intriguing and the game itself was a lot of fun. Both my daughter and I enjoyed the game a lot and look forward to finishing it soon.
I bought latest mobile phone with all the facilities, it made me happy
When we bought new flat in our home town and shifted to our newly built home. 
I bought a new and expensive watch last month.
I bought my granddaughter a new bike for her birthday. She was happy, I was thrilled.i was very happy.It was a beautiful day. I took my iPad and a glass of wine, at 4 o'clock in the afternoon.Get together with old friends.We know that sleep helps our bodies to recover from the day and repair themselves, and that it helps us focus and be more productive. It turns out, itas also important for our happiness.
I purchased a new video game console for my room. 
I purchased a new watch.
Yeah. Last month i purchased new smartphone. I like this smartphone very much. I was waited for this smartphone finally i got it. Really happy. I can't be without my smartphone.
I bought a new phone
I bought a new smart TV
I purchased a scooter for my father in the last month. This was really happy moment for me as I always wished that I could do something for him.
I purchased a new Washing Machine to wash my clothes.
I can now purchase a car. Before I use to walk everywhere or catch the local buses in the area. I can buy a mini van for my family and I and we won't have to catch the bus any longer
When my friend bought me a beer and some beer snacks because he owed me one. 
I was happy to buy a video game that I've been waiting for all year.
i have bought a house
I purchased a new video game console that I was eagerly awaiting for months.
My family went to a new Walmart that just opened and shopped around and found a toy for the baby.  She was happy to get the new toy and my husband was excited to buy it for her.  It made me happy to see them both happy.  
The day my hubby got up early in order for me to get my hair done.
I was able to help an old lady from my church buy and install a ramp for her house.
I bought a $50 gift card to a favorite restaurant of mine for only $20.
I am happy when i purchase a new mobile phone
i buy a fire tv for my new 4k tv
I purchased a nice pair of Cole Haan shoes that looked great on my feet
I ended up buying a new guitar because I found a lucky posting on Craigslist.
I  bought a persian cat and he made me very happy
Me and my wife went to the furniture store and bought a lot of new stuff for our house.
I won some money at bingo and was able to buy things I needed. 
buy a new car was a happy moment
I controlled myself at the store and didnt buy junk food.
To be able to buy a team that my daughter needed.
I bought a large screen TV
I received a shopping coupon worth 10$ for my next purchase in the super market 
I won a free car competition at a local company.  There were having a random raffle drawing and I bought a few tickets to support the local track team.  I ended up winning the most sought out prize.
Last time I got my brand new mobile and found it was missed within the week of time of its purchase.
A shirt that I ordered came in the mail.
My daughter told me thank you for buying her a small gift and renting a movie for us to watch together.
Hanging out with my husband at a Target looking at sale items. We really didn't buy any sale items but just hanging out with him make my world go around. 
I bought a mega millions lottery ticket last night as well. I read an article at one point written by a mathematician that said something like you would have to buy 300 tickets a day since the ice age to statistically win mega millions... that's even worse odds than the regular lotto. But it still gives me a little twinge of hope and happiness just to know that I'm in the game. There's a chance today I could just never have to wake up to a buzzing alarm clock again.  I felt that last night when the first number hit correctly. None of the others did, but it was still pretty exciting and made me happy. And looking back on that feeling, it makes me happy now as well.
I was very happy when my eldest son found himself a great partner and they bought a home together.
Ive been saving for a purse i really loved and i finally had enough and went to buy it but it was gone. I went yesterday and saw one siting there so i grabbed it up and bought it. I absolutely love it.
i bought 5.1 Sony home theater for my home and after installation i felt that sound was too good and last month fully watching movie with 5.1 surround sound and i was very happy that moment.
My niece bought a new house and my family got together and helped her move.
I bought tickets to a concert I really want to see.
i bought a new vehicle.
My boyfriend and I discussed plans for the future, including getting married and buying a house together. 
My husband bought me feminine hygiene products without me asking him.  
My wife and I purchased a new television. We have been needing a new one for months now and with my new promotion coming down the line we can afford a new one. It was installed today and we also purchased a 5.1 surround sound to go with it.
I bought tires and was given an unexpected credit due to previous tires not meeting their mileage warranty.
A good illustration in my case is that on my 22nd birthday, my friends made me a really emotional video from all the years that we have been friends. Without the usage of the camera and video-recorder, this could never have happened.
I bought a new gun for Counter Strike game.
Last night I watched an episode of aThe Waltonsa with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed 
I bought a new oven which I wanted since a long time
I buy a Car
I purchased a New Camera for taking photos
I purchased some variety pet birds.  
My favorite ice cream place opened for the season and I bought and ate a quart of my favorite flavor.
A client bought us lunch yesterday at a very nice BBQ place.
I  purchased birthday dress for my wife, she is celebrating her birthday day after tomorrow.
I bought a new phone case
Something that made me very happy in the past 24 hours is that I got in a package that I had been waiting for for a while because I had custom ordered a cosplay Star Wars costume back in January and it finally came in yesterday and it looks fantastic and I'm so excited to try it on and see how it fits. 
Last night I watched an episode of aThe Waltonsa with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks!
after i got my salary ,i order a new brand new phone of my wife, this also one of the moment past 24hours 
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
i purchased new video games
My wife purchased a tshirt for me. It was soft and and good quality as I like. It also fit my size .
I purchased a Air Cooler for my Office to work with a cool mind
I bought a new motorcycle today.
Last night I watched an episode of aThe Waltonsa with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks!
I finalized the purchase of my new car by paying my taxes and getting titled.
I bought my friends a steak dinner with my winnings and it was excellent. 
I went to a supermarket where I don't usually go, but a product that I like but seldom can buy because the supermarket is not close by, and had this product for lunch.
I discovered a great deal on some shoes I'd been considering for a few weeks. Looking forward to ordering and receiving them.
I purchased a new Samsung mobile.
I met my daily goal for survey income and realized how close I was getting to being able to buy my husband the camera he wants.
I purchased a Washing Machine to wash my clothes
Being able to stick to my diet even though my husband ordered applied pie during dinner last night and I didn't have any.  I was happy that I was able to have the strength of will.
I was happy to receive the cigars I ordered a day earlier than expected. 
Yesterday we bought a new house in apartment, its our dream to buy a new house in apartment that was a happiest moment.
My boss bought me dinner from my favorite local Thai restaurant. I was happy because I got my favorite peanut chicken dinner.
I was very happy to find out that a certain model of bicycle that I have been waiting to purchase in now available
I bought some beer. 
I ended up going shopping at the store earlier in the evening and bought a lottery ticket, I ended up winning $500.
I bought two slices of my favorite kind of pizza (basil and tomato) at my favorite pizza place.
It made me very happy to buy me a giant pizza with my girlfriend.
Today I bought my second Android smart phone.
I presented something to my new boss and he really bought into the project.
Our household bought a new washer and dryer.
My husband and I got our initial approval for a mortgage to buy the house we've been wanting.
I have a tanning bed that I have had for 6 years. I rarely ever use it. I have been trying to sale it for over a year and no one wants to buy it. I finally sold it today. I am so very excited to have the extra room and the extra money. 
Yesterday morning I was feeling a little grumpy and wanted a good cup of coffee to start the day, which to me consist of coffee, sugar and cream, but I didn't have any cream. Without being ask my husband went out and bought me a packet of coffee mate. I thought that was the sweetest thing ever. It really started my day off right. Totally made me happy.
I was happy when my pizza arrived at my house. I ordered a stuffed crust pepperoni. 
It was my wives birthday yesterday and I bought her a moose painting. She was really surprised. It made me happy.
Today we purchased a new laser engraver at work which will be a great thing to increase sales and bring in new customers.
An event that made me happy was getting a great deal on something I wanted to buy for a long time
While waiting in the customer service line at one of the big box home improvement stores a man eating ice cream was moving back and forth from the front to the back and we struck up conversation and laughs of course.  He was returning something he bought for the house he is building for his daughter.  It made me happy because he was funny. 
I got an order of drugs from the dark net.
I purchased a latest model Television today.
I finally purchased a membership for which i was striving.
My husband bought a new car first time after our marriage
Today I got the promotion order from my boss.
I bought a new couch today, it looks great in my house!
I bought & ate cookies after not having them for a very long time.
I have purchased new shirts.
I bought my toddlers some sidewalk chalk and their faces lit up when they saw it and they had a lot of fun drawing and it made me so happy to see them so happy.
My colleague bought me a drink for a bet i have won
yesterday i bought one puppy dog it is so cute so i enjoyed to bought this cut one
I bought one new bike yesterday and went a long drive in that bike and that moment make me feel happy.
I popped into the local shop after a very long hard day at work to buy some tobacco and decided to buy a scratchcard with my change and won APS3000. I am still smiling now
new entrant to our house. we bought a parrot
My dream bike I was able to purchase without any loans. I earned to get it and was very happy taking my partner and roaming around.
This evening, as in 2 or 3 hours ago, I finally ordered a new sever for my house.  This is something I had been thinking of doing for a couple years.  I managed to find some reason to put it off, either I was waiting doe some event such as the next Christmas sales or my next tax return.  I also put it off because when configuring the computer by individual components, one can easily get lost in the vast number of choices.  My old server is getting very long in the tooth so it is a great relief that I was able to finally order the new one.  I am rather excited by this as I have some ideas that require the new machine.
My boyfriend made me soup, his own improvised recipe.Going out and meeting old friends at pizza hut.Talking to my sister in law, eating some chocolate custard, and spending some time with my youngest child.went to shopping and bought a dresses,slippers,cloths.i am so happy on that moment.
Yesterday, we went out for shopping and were searching for a good gift for our cute son. After a search of nearly 3 hours, we bought a new car with 2 member seat area in order for him to drive and play along with his friends.
Shortly after I got back home from shopping I saw the cat, snapped a picture and sent it to my sister with a funny caption about the kitty litter I had just bought for her. 
The AC which was out of order since last 2 days at my work place got repaired today.
Me and My went went for the purchase after long time.
I bought a new camera. I love cameras and photography and anytime I have the money for new equipment I am happy.
bought a new dress for myself
The orchids that I ordered 3 weeks ago finally arrived yesterday afternoon.
I was able to find and purchase a Nintendo Switch system. 
i felt happy when i buy a laptop yesterday.
i have bought a new hero bike with discount
The laptop charger that I ordered was delivered. 
Last night I confirmed with my new partner that they had the same days off as me, so I bought a plane ticket to visit them!
My family visited, while I was asleep they purchased and set up a sand box for my son. When I woke and went outside he was playing and having fun, when he noticed me he through down his play shovel and ran to me. 
I stopped and bought a donut from my favorite donut shop before I went to work. It is rare that I have enough time before work to stop and get one. It is always a good way for me to start my day. 
I bought a peach tree to replace one that died in my backyard.
Since we had team meeting we had ordered chinese takeaway for lunch. Loved the food we ordered
A lady in front of me paid for my order at Starbucks in the drive-thru. 
My husband bought me a coffee and delivered it to my office this morning.  
My son was even more excited about the book I ordered for him from Amazon when he saw it than I expected him to be.
I bought some sweet strawberries today.  The strawberries were large and so tasteful.  
I bought tickets to a Broadway show.
I went shopping and found out that I had enough money in my food budget to buy good quality food.
Yesterday i bought new Hercules cycle.The HERCULES bicycle price 3,500.00.We ride some places in my home down.Then my sister son also ride the bicycler he like so much the bicycle.We cut the cake in front of our cycle.My family peoples also enjoy&happy the new Hercules cycle.We gave workshop in alteration work after complete the work.We will enjoy and ride my cycle.
A customer came in to pickup their order and was so happy with the service and the quality of their order that they ordered several more signs.
My aunt bought me a huge packet of my favorite instant coffee. 
I bought new mats for my doors to the house.
I received a free coffee from the cafe due to a customer who had forgotten their order and left 
I did not have enough money to buy a bottle of water with my lunch today from the food cart I always go to, but the man who runs it gave me a water for free since I buy food from him so often.
My daughter bought me a gift while she was on her field trip.
I picked up my special order to continue with my home improvement project.
I was able to purchase two transformers I wanted.
I bought a new piece of furniture.
We bought a new car on my birthday. I was very happy with the car performance and we all went to roam around the city. The luxury and space of the car was very impressive and i am very happy with that.
Earlier today my daughter managed to find her missing dress shoe that has been missing for weeks, so now I don't have to buy her new shoes for Easter.
I bought narcotics, and used them, and they always make me happy if it is the right kind.
I learned that a friend was able to buy a great house in Ireland.
I went to shopping to buy nice gift for my uncle.this was the first time i'm buying something for him on my own.
I was happy when I bought my favorite drink at the store.
I went to a gas station to get gas and the lady in front of me in line at the register paid for my purchases to do a random act of kindness, so I passed it on to the person behind me as well.
My grandma buyed one mobile phone for me that I thought to buy and that too makes me extra happy yesterday.
I went to nearby medical shop. I purchased medicine of Rs. 500. He gave more money then the rupees i gave. i returned to him. he surprised and appreciated me. thanks
i repair my tape recorder today
my husband took me to dress purchase
My cat played with the new toy I bought him, which means I didn't waste my money on it.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I bought a new pair of shoes
I was able to purchase dinner for a friend of mine who wasn't able to buy their own dinner. 
I got 300 points discount credit from an online shopping site, which I used to order a gift for my son (All free of cost) 
I decided to purchase a battery pack, which I had been meaning to do for a while.
I got an unexpected order from an old customer.
I purchased a full suit for a hugely discounted price. Now I have something decent for special occasions.
Yesterday i bought Yonex Badminton Rackets and played with my dad and i was very happy
I found one of my favorite ice cream flavors today at Baskin Robbins and I was ecstatic! I bought a big tub of it because I didn't know when they'd have it again. It was so good.
The second thing that made me happy was that i ordered food and didnt have to cook.
I bought a new portable heater for camping/emergencies.
I ordered Chinese food last night as a treat for myself.
My wife and I bought those bacon dog treats for our dogs.  They haven't had them in a while so they were super excited to get them, which made me happy.
My wife bought a donut at work and shared it with me.
I bought a german shepard puppy last night
I made enough money on turk to order my food dehydrator
I ordered lunch from a pizza place I have wanted to try for some time.
yesterday i bought a new mobile long time i was waiting for this mobile, i was so happy it was so nice that was a happiest moment in my life.
Today, I received the parcel for my purchase order for my new Samsung gear 360 and I am very happy.
Had an item delivered that I purchased earlier in the week off eBay. A really good quality product and better than I expected.
I finally saved up enough to buy something I really want.
A friend of mine offered me a great price on a piece of technology that I was going to buy new but he has one that is fairly new for 1/4 of the price.
I got an order on my Etsy shop
I ordered take out sushi from a place I love
I was able to purchase some items at a great price. 
I ordered a new iPhone.
I finally finish my orders prior to its deadline today.
I went out and bought a new bottle of nail polish.
I ordered a new book on options trading online,  I found it at a price of $5 instead of the regular price of $35.
I purchased a new dress for Sunday party.
I bought New Dresses
My roommate came home and bought me a box of pizza to myself
I was able to get a great deal on an item I was looking to purchase.
Yesterday my grand father&grand mother came my home down. They bought some fruits&sweets.We ate sweets.My mommy prepare the lunch,she prepare some special items especially chicken,eff&fish.My grand father like her kitchen manners.Then we saw serial in 1 hour. Then i went my friends home.
I was happy when I my book came in the mail that I ordered. 
My mail order boots arrived today.
I bought a new candle that smells really good.
last evening during my shopping i got a gift coupon for purchase. i got the first prize by random selection.i felt surprise.
When this girl and this guy (one of the guys mentioned above) that I'm friends with decided to go to Walmart with me to buy groceries. These two don't go very well together, but this time they were really getting along.
We have decided to buy a two wheeler next month.
My coworker bought me lunch today.  It is something that rarely happens.
I bought a new bag and chappel it is very costly and stylish.
i bought three jasmine plant and preserving it in a good way and hoping to get jasmine flower in future
I found a great book at dollar tree and purchased it for only a dollar. 
My colleague has bought a new car and he gave me treat for that,yesterday night.
I am allergic to gluten and I during lunch today the server in the restaurant told me that they have a gluten free cookie. I ordered it and it made me really HAPPY! I haven't had a cookie in a really long time, because of my allergy! I can't wait to go back and get another one. 
bike rate are slightly decreases my friend plan to buy a new bike
I came into some money and got to buy some things I wanted.
I strongly believe that ordinary yet priceless things such as health, family solidarity and closeness, important people like friends who will always be there for you no matter what and job satisfaction can definitely lead to happiness. I am opposed to the belief that money makes everyone happy and replete. Although money and wealth are essential elements for human life as they help people cover their expenses, do things they want and purchase materials people want, I don't think that they are the determinant factors. Furthermore, self-contentment could be another important ingredient for us to be happy. We can be happy with however little we have only if we have the self-satisfaction and self-contentment.
evening we went for shopping and purchased new dresses.the moment was unforgettable and we took photos
evening we went for shopping and purchased new dresses.the moment was unforgettable and we took photos
Successfully made some delicious tacos at home with the ingredients I bought earlier today.
I bought a new car
yesterday my wife bought me a new pair of shoe and socks and i was very happy she told me that is her my birthday present.
Another happy moment is, I got an offer after buying the bike. Offer is I can stay in one of the resorts for three days. Booked the resort today morning and waiting for that day to go on my new bike.
We had enough money left over to be able to buy groceries.
I bought tickets to see Elton John live in concert - one of my favorite singers and piano players.
I was able to order from my favorite restaurant today. I got my favorite meal on the menu, and it was delicious. 
i bought my mom her favorite gift and made me happy
My wife and I purchased some nice gifts for our parents.
Yesterday evening I rode my bike after approximately 10 days because all these recent days I have been driving my newly purchased car only.
Yesterday i went to shopping, I enjoy shopping! It is a nice way to spend some time. Can be social. It is always fun to try on clothes, see how they go together and plan future outfits.

It is also nice to see the new inventions they create. I watched aThe True Cost" that makes me question and despise a lot of things in shops now. I can't help but get drawn in sometimes though. The shops market things in such a way it's hard to not enjoy shopping.

They make us want to buy things to improve our lives and feel loved. We/I need to remember that they are only material things. New clothes and furniture won't really change how people feel about us, once they get past the initial judgements.
I resisted the temptation to buy useless stuff online, and saved a decent amount of money. Being able to look past thing I don't need is a skill I've been working on, so the fact that I could say "no" this time makes me happy.
I am constructing a new house. Yesterday I purchased a new motor to suck water and distribute to my entire building. It was very helpful....
The book I ordered finally came.
Today, I asked my boss if I could leave work a few hours early in order to travel and she said yes.
An order I made last week finally shipped out last night!
We decided to go out and buy a new charcoal grill.
I was able to buy a book on my wish list for a low price.
I bought a little flying dragon pet thing that follows my avatar around on GaiaOnline.
The market I go to buy fruits brought cheers to me as I found few fresh berries and apples along with other of my favorite fruits.
I bought my favorite gaming franchise that I have been waiting for. It is a gift to myself for all the hardwork. I have to pick it up this afternoon and I am over excited.
I received a ring that I had ordered in the mail and got to wear it for a few hours.
This morning my girlfriend called me. She had stopped on her way to work and helped some baby armadillos get over a curb by the road they were trying to cross in order to follow their mother. The picture of this made me feel warm and I know she did a good deed.
The moment that made me happy is I purchased a new ring for my girlfriend that moment made me happy.
I bought a piece of chocolate candy that I love and ate it.
 Yesterday i went to shopping with my mom buying lot of  toys for my son....its create more happy and fun for me....
I was really stressed out and instead of taking it out on my family I announced that I was going to go to the store to buy everyone ice cream.
i  got a gift from my husband. the gift was a red color watch which my husband ordered from online shopping. which makes me happy.
I purchased a modern dinning table and some chairs.
I thought we were out of cheese and really wanted a sandwich. I looked in the fridge to search for something else to eat and discovered that my husband bought a block of cheese. I enjoyed my sandwich.
I received an order for some grilling equipment I had placed several weeks ago.
my phone was not working for the past 3 days. I tried to repair due to all the contacts were saved. Finally I planned to buy one new phone, which was additional cost for me. But suddenly my phone started working. It made me so happy.
I bought a new lenovo laptop today 
The speakers I've ordered online has arrived yesterday.
When my little daughter bought me biscuits at tea time.  
My comic book issues I ordered came in the mail.
I had made a complaint about a product I had ordered and they sent me extra complimentary products.
I purchased a pair of hockey tickets for me and my father to attend a game in which they will be celebrating fathers and daughters. 
I was into running to reduce weight for the last 75 days, and today I could easily fit into a jeans pant which I had bought in the year 1999.
I ordered my favorite burrito from my favorite restaurant and it was DE-LISH!
I found an eyeliner pencil at a store that I had been wanting to buy.
2 hours before i bought apple i phone ....this is more and more happiest moment....
I was able to take my son out to buy new shoes.  I'm happy to have money to be able to do this.
Oh! So our furnace is pretty old and at first it wasn't working at all and the handyman fixed it but then we noticed that it was making a really weird sound so he came back today and it turns out that it needs a new motor. After some talking with the owner of our house the decision was made to just buy us a new furnace! That made me really happy because this one has a bunch of old insulation and to be honest I am too scared to even turn it on, so soon we will have heat!
I purchased a new car today.
When i went to purchase a new thing on the street. One of the thief tried to burgle a store from the back side. I informed to the near by people. They caught the thief. The shop was protected. 
One of the most counterintuitive pieces of advice I found is that to make yourself feel happier, you should help others. In fact, 100 hours per year.is the optimal time we should dedicate to helping others in order to enrich our lives.As opposed to actually taking a holiday, it seems that planning a vacation or just a break from work can improve our happiness.

I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I was passing through the busy road and saw a dog sitting feeble at the end of the road.I felt he was sick.he couldnt walk .I bought a bun and fed him.He wagged his tail and i think he showed gratitude and I felt very very happy!
purchased a new footwear
A customer placed a huge order with me, so I'll be making a nice bonus for March.
Yesterday i went to new car launch program and i was very happy to see the new model of the car and specifications and my mind is telling to buy this car soon.
My kids bought me an outfit for my birthday.
I bought some things in online offer and got 15% cashback.
Half of my order from Jet.com arrived today so I was able to enjoy some items and by next week I will have the rest and I saved money by dividing it into two shipments. 
Yesterday afternoon My friend Christopher and me went garden to purchase some plants for indoor garden. Yes we both purchased rose flower plant. After that reached home me and my friend started to give water it to that plants. Plants growing very superb. Especially my plant is growing very nice. I'm very happy about this. Very nice. I will buy that rose plant again. Thank you. 
Made it to the store to buy a carton of smokes before the new tax hit raising the price by 20 dollars.
Today, I received my order purchase of my new mobile and I am very happy.
today my husband promised me to buy a new good saree for me. which makes me happy.
I work as a talent buyer for a music venue. Today an act that I have been bidding on confirmed. It was a tough negotiation. I'm relieved and happy as it will likely be a sell-out show.
I bought a panini with tomato, cheese and egg on it as a late breakfast/early lunch and it tasted really good.
I ordered an item I needed. I received free shipping on my items.
Yesterday i received the salary from my office, unlike all months this time i got incentives and performance bonus. Hope you know money make happy a man. Keeping that i can buy a new things for my family. 
I was walking past a clothing shop and was surprised to see a huge discount.I rushed to the store and bought myself a pair of t-shirts and trousers very cheap rate.I was very lucky and happy to avail the offer.
My gardner bought me some rare plants which I planted in my garden.And this made me feel very happy !
I ate an ice cream sundae that I had bought from the store with neapolitan ice cream, nuts and m&m's.
i had ordered a pair of sneakers from amazon and it just arrived a few hours back, and it looks better than i had expected.
My sister's child call me uncle today that made me excited and I buy for him a dairy milk friends pack.. So he is also happy...
I discovered I had more coffee than I previously thought and was excited to know that I didn't have to purchase any today since i am attempting to save money when I can. 
I bought some pants online.
bought two mobile phones for one mobile phone price using offer on our street. it is festival time so we got that two camera mobile and took selfie using that phone front camera
My husband surprised us all ( we are a family of gamers) and he bought a new xbox one so now we have 2 and all of us can play online, in the same game at the same time. It was a wonderful surprise.
I got to go pick up the crampons I ordered from REI today.
I bought a bunch of suits on the internet for my husband to wear when we go on vacation.  
I bought some good fried chicken.
My husband bought chocolate for me today and that made me happy. 
We went to dinner and I ordered pancakes, which I had been craving. My happy moment was when the pancakes arrived.
I buy a new T-Shirt.
I found a really unique and delicate plant at a store and bought it (I'm really into plants)
Lately I have been betting on sports in an online sports betting account.  I have been doing decently well lately and last night while in bed, I placed a bet on the Golden State warriors to beat the Houston Rockets by 9.  I also bought the line down by 1/2 a point, so as long as the Warriors won by 9 I would win my bet, and it was a larger bet than I normally make.  This morning when I woke up the first thing I did was check my phone, and was delighted to see the Warriors had won by exactly 9 points.  It made me feel great to not only win the bet, but to win because I bought that extra 1/2 point and it made me feel pretty savvy.  
purchased a laptop for myself
I bought a new ball for my 2 year old daughter
Ordered a New LED TV after struggling with the old CRT TV. Very happy and interesting to buy and the happiness is lasting and will last until we get delivery of the product.
I don't have any big happy events, just low level, stuff that probably means something only to me.  I don't often feel excitement either good or bed.  Today I felt a tiny bit of excitement.  I took a previous version of this hit a day or 2 ago.  In that version, one event was that I *finally* ordered my new server (computer).  Today the case arrived.  I was about to go downstairs for lunch when I saw the mailman pull up.  Even though the case is useless to me without all the other components, it made the fact that I finally ordered the new system, something I put off for the past year or 2, a reality.  Like I said, it's a small thing that only matters to me.
My desktop computer is very old, I purchased a new desktop computer.
I went shopping and found/purchased a beautiful new dress that fits me perfectly and came at a reasonable price.
I purchased a variety and costly rose plant last week and it will give a colorful flower today.
When I was able to buy Kpop Concert ticket for my sister.
i was happy because i bought bag for my mom and she felt happy for that. By seeing her face i got very happy
One of my biggest dreams was to buy a bike. Today i bought a new bike.
I bought a bottle of wine and drank some whilst cooking dinner. 
My girlfriend and I went to land that we bought together and enjoyed the spring weather.
I bought a gold anklet which I have been longing to buy for a long time. Very happy to wear it to the church today
I was at the local store and decided to buy a scratch ticket which I don't often do, it cost me $5 and I won $50 so a great decision. 
I was able to buy an Xbox for my son.
After work i purchased two cigars in the cigar shop.
I bought a new game for my playstation 4.
Received an email that had passed a homebuyer class. 
Yesterday, my sister told me that she has planned to buy me a motorbike. It made me very happy.
The item I wanted to buy was discounted 50% in the store!
I bought a Shel Silverstein book.
A game I bought in high school turned up on my profile on Xbox unexpectedly.
My mom bought me a new pair of shoes.
i buy amazon prime
I had been looking for a new blu ray player, but after some investigating, I decided to buy an Xbox One. I am happy I was able to treat myself to this.
I went to shopping and my husband found something he wanted and we purchased it.
I found a $5 bill on the ground and used it to buy a good lunch.
I bought a video game that I had been wanting to purchase for a long time so I felt happy that I finally got the game I had been working for.
I ordered a new bad for myself.
Dell lowered the price of a computer monitor I wanted to buy by $100 and offers some additional savings.
I ran out of toner on my printer.  I looked on the internet and found one that I could get for $20 including shipping.  I went to Staples and the toner cartridge was $65.  So I ordered one on the internet and was happy that I did not go to Staples first and paid $65.
I ordered pizza, and I was happy that it arrived hot, fresh, and exactly as I had ordered it.
My daughter came home from college for the weekend, and we took her to look at a piece of property that we are thinking of buying.  I wasn't sure how she would feel about it, but she loved it.  
I bought a pineapple for 99 cents at the grocery store
I bought a new shirt for myself.
today i went for shopping and bought branded name brand suit that make me very happy.
I bought myself some chocolate - some new hershey's cookie layer thing, and it is very good.
The organic hummus I bought is delicious. 
The mangoes, I bought were fresh and sweet.
This morning I went shopping and bought a new dress.
my husband is away for a business trip took a picture of what he bought for me overseas.
I bought myself a new pair of shoes and a new pair of pants.
I bought a new outfit and I found a nice deal on shoes.
I walked into the kitchen and saw that my mother had bought me a package of my favorite sugar cookies as a surprise.
My mom bought me a shamrock milkshake.
My dad gave me $50 for helping him buy a car. 
My cat finally decided to sleep in the new bed I bought for her.
I was happy that I successfully helped my father research, find and purchase a wireless keyboard with all the features he was looking for.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
Then I bought a video game that I was longing to play, and I was exhilarated when I was able to get it to work on my computer.
I purchased a new samsung smart phone today.
I ordered subs for dinner from a pizza shop and they were great.
Yesterday i bought a new cell phone for my spouse and i was very happy because i made her happy by buying her new cell phone the model which she liked most.
I took my wife to a community yard sale so she could buy baby clothes for our future granddaughter. 
I helped a seller get his book purchased.
My girlfriend told me that she's gonna buy me a kindle.
I called my mother and she informed me that she was buying a new house after months of offers falling through.
My son moves his stroller in order to sit in it, even while inside the house, and it makes me happy he wants to be that close to me.
Another thing that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to purchase a few things I wanted online.
We finally bought the back splash tiles for our kitchen today I will install them.
I ordered some balls for my son's ball pit so that he would have a fun area to play in.
Me and my girlfriend went and bought different items to go biking. 
My mother and I went shopping. It made me happy because we were able to buy the things we wanted.
I received a game that I ordered through the mail yesterday. 
i buy a new pair of jeans
I purchased a book for my son that I felt would help him with anxiety.
I bought and drank some beer.
I purchased a nice sweatshirt for a quarter at the local consignment store.
Another small thing is, i get to make a few phone calls and make a few new purchases. Hats, some cloths, auto work, chocolates and few other known items i need. So that is my happiness for today, and who knows what will be there for tomorrow.
I bought a wooden baseball bat for my game tomorrow night.
I bought a new t-shirt that I like from a concert.
Something was on sale 50% off that I wanted to buy!
Yesterday I discovered a NY style deli in my little town and I ordered and devoured the first quality rueben sandwich that I've had in years.
The person taking my order at the drive-thru was very friendly.
Again at the zoo, my husband's friend Nathan bought us my husband and I ice cream. I was impressed by his generosity and the ice cream was good. 
I bought  ethical chocolate for a dollar each. 
We ordered pizza tonight.
My parents ordered pizza and bought ice cream to watch the basketball games. 
I was happy when I bought new shoes.
I got an unexpected $10 coupon for a future purchase at my local store.
I was happy when the shirt I bought fit and looked lovely
On Friday night I was able to buy one and then get one free on two different expensive dog treat items at Kroger.
I bought a new computer.
My dad bought donuts for me.
my desired electronic was available so i can purchase it now
At night when I was buying my new earphones at Sony store.
I received the purchase order for my new laptop and I was happy.
I purchased a new refrigerator online from a big retailer this evening.  I have had my eye on this appliance for a long time, and was waiting for it to be on sale.  Not only was it on sale today, but there was an additional cash back rebate for buying it online. 
purchased some dresses for me and family
Going to the store and buying healthy food
I was able to find a Magic card worth $3 in the bulk 25AC/ bin at the local card store. I bought it and am planning to sell it online to make a little bit of profit.
I wife bought me a new pair of shoes.
I bought a ton of games in steam and got it cheap.
When my family cooked and buying my favorite clothing for me.
I bought fresh fish from the market at a very low price and it made me happy as the fish was very tasty
I ordered a new Wireless Speaker from Amazon.
I got five orders for making digital from from my neighbors 
I bought a new watch today. it makes me happy today.
I found some sunglasses that I thought were permanently lost. I had bought these sunglasses while I was at Disney World and I was quite upset that I could not find them.  It did make me happy when I found them!
I recently purchased a new car and i absolutely love it.  Yesterday it was nice out so i decided to get it washed quickly.  Cars are something that i love and am an enthusiast about.  During the car wash i felt very happy and content for the moment as i got my car washed and got to see it nice and clean.
I got a check on the 1st of april, started buying things like videogames etc.
I bought a really good new book and read it at one sitting.
I bought the second volume of Gwenpool at the bookstore.
Getting to go to a puppy store and look at adorable little dogs that could be bought. 
I went out shopping at the local record store with my wife and found some new movies that I purchased.
I bought a new car. It was a very big moment for me as i felt i had achieved something in life and can afford the luxuries.
My wife and I went and looked at a new neighborhood that we are interested in buying a home in.
For the first time I made a soft cake successfully and all family members enjoyed and appreciated the taste was not less than a cake ordered from cake tree 
I bought a new music making program for my home studio and had a lot of fun playing with it
I bought a protein cookie at the grocery store. It was so good and fairly healthy.
The third thing that made me happy was I found out I qualified to buy my first home.
I buy a new bluetooth headphones that have great and quality sound.
This morning someone bought my first item on ebay.
Noticing Girl Scouts selling cookies on my way home and buying some. 
I had a successful purchase today, and I still received an additional discount. I'm very happy, because I bought a thing that I had long wanted. And it's still very cheap and with a discount. It's cool.
I bought a brand new TV.
Placing an order for an item I really need.
I found a shirt at the store that is really pretty and purchased it.
I bought some nice clothes for myself
My husband drove to the store to buy the ingredients especially for making me the pigs in a blanket meal. He didn't even want to eat it, but because I did, he drove to the store to buy the necessary items. He loves me. 
I went out for coffee on my day off in order to relax.
I bought some new running shoes that are comfortable 
While we were at that restaurant, we were given a free order of calamari. Our waitress accidentally put too many orders in, so she gave it to us for free. It saved us 12 dollars.
My mom called and said she was buying my sons birthday cake for him this week.
My dad called me to tell me that he bought plane tickets to surprise the children for thei birthday this month.
I ordered some plants for a new aquarium that I'm putting together. It is going to be so great.
My grandfather bought me a gift card to a store I frequent.
We bought a new kitchen table that we had been wanting 
One thing that made me happy in the past 24 hours is I had been watching the Star Wars extended edition blu ray for a while in my Amazon cart because it was 80 bucks and I didn't want to pay that much for it but when I went to look today, I saw that it was only 60 dollars and that's cheaper than I have ever seen it before and so I bought it and I'm really happy that I got such a good deal on it because some stores sell it for over a hundred.
I found a great deal on a sweater that i wanted and saved 60% on the purchase.
I finally ordered a nintendo switch. 
I bought a new video game that I like and started playing it.
I was happy when I was able to order school uniform shorts for my children from my smartphone with out any complications, it was so easy and convenient.
last night I met my friend at the restaurant, I gave my friend a present and a birthday card, we ordered some food, while we ate dinner everyone chatted, after the main course the waiter brought out a cake and we sang 'Happy Birthday', everyone went home quite late.
I had the day to myself so I went to Moon Marble Company and looked at all the toys, took photos of the marbles, and bought a marble necklace for my son's girlfriend.
I bought two new chairs for my deck.
I found out my cousin bought my late uncle's cabin that has been out of the family for about 20 years.
I bought a new pair of sunglasses
I purchased my school supplies for the upcoming quarter.
I bought a dress that fit well for $3.
Today I went shopping with some friends and bought some new clothes. I like hanging out and doing things with my friends.
This weekend we had some nice weather.  I bought a swing set for my 8 month daughter and today I put it together.  I put her in the swing with my wife and she loved it.  She laughed and kicked her legs.  She smiled and smiled.  She loved it.  She stayed in it for half an hour, and didn't want to come out!
The local liquor store had both a bourbon (Eagle Rare) that I was looking to try as well as a limited release beer (KBS) that I was able to purchase today. 
I recently got twenty dollars and bought myself a fish. I really love how colorful it is.
I picked a home grown radish from our garden and marveled how tasty it was compared to store bought ones.
One of my biggest dreams was to buy a bike. Today I bought a new bike.
I bought a new apple phone. 
yesterday i bought one iphone 7 new piece i enjoyed to use that my cute smart phone
The day my boyfriend bought me a jeans trouser.
today one hour before my husband take me to the real estate agent for the house buying. We were looking a good house but not finding but when toady i saw a house it was very wonder full and make me so excited, and we plan to buy it.
bought a new car
My son. He loving me and i am loving him. I life is fully satisfied as i am spending most of time with my son. in last 24 hours the happy event or moments are playing, cooking with him and went for purchase with him.
I bought a new shirt for my husband on my first salary. It was his favorite color and he was so happy.
I bought all the supplies for fishing and went to fish on a lake for the first time.
I bought a vape.
The item I ordered arrived today.
My husband got back his bike which he had sold off 5 years ago to another person. He decided to buy it back from him and then he took me out for a ride on it.
I went to the store I bought a pizza to eat for dinner, which I don't usually do.
I bought a flower pot which would bear yellow flowers and it made me happy
I am very happy to share with you that yesterday, my husband had received a very big business contract from abroad and this is the first ever foreign order in our business for the past 15 yrs. So, not only me & my hubby, our whole family, our close relatives, our neighbours etc., are all happy with us.
When my son insisted to buy some apples for my uncle who was unwell as we proceeded to meet him. 
I learned that my favorite makeup company was having one of their biggest sales of the year, so I made a purchase on their website.
Yesterday I got 25% coupons to order inner wears in online and a cash back.
My aunt came to visit me and look at the new house I bought. She came around 2 PM and took a tour. We then chatted in the living room and caught up on life in general. She left around 3:30 PM. 
i am purchased my scooty bike.
We bought baby floaties and tested them out on my daughter for the first time in the tub. 
i bought a new wooden cot at a better cheap rate.
I went to the antique store and bought a lovely piece of silver.
My wife bought home dessert from work and it was delicious.
I got my brother to buy me a cold dessert I love. I ate it while enjoying the warm weather in the house.
I ordered nail supplies on Ebay.
I bought a new clipper set to cut my hair.
My wife bought one shirt for me and I was happy to get it.
My wife and I drove around and looked at some houses to potentially buy.
I ordered pad thai and i really like it.
I bought a new laptop.
I bought a new dress.
I purchased a strength band to do some workouts at home and found a really good one after weeks of searching.
I was happy when I bought a new video game.
Yesterday i visit my uncle home in his hometown at 6.30pm.He bought a new YAMAHA bike in his own use.we went the temple with bike and pray the god. We took some foods in hotel and back our home.
My elder sister called me last night that she is planning to buy a car for me and she was asking which model you have to buy. I was too happy that God not only giving me house but also a car.
A seller on ebay gave me a great discount for buying multiple games.
I went for shopping yesterday. I went to a restaurant and bought food for me. While i was walking i saw an old lady begging for food. I decided to give food which i had. I gave her and she said nothing but looked me with her tearful eyes which makes me sad and happy in sense.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I finally bought the purple paint for my front door.
I was happy when I purchased a new tea that I ended up loving - rose vanilla
i bought a new phone for which i saved my salary for so long
i bought a new car for which i saved for a very long time and finally today i bought it
Moving money around in my bank accounts in preparation to go buy a new car!
I ordered a new amp off  ebay and  I checked the tracking number and it is at my local post office  already. I didnt  expect it till next week. 
I finished reading the novel 'Papertowns' and I'm planning to buy another book of John Green.
I purchased several items at Anime Boston.
When I realized the money transfer I initiated last week finally went through, and the money was in my account. This allowed me to purchase items I'd been in need of all weekend. 
I took my daughters shopping. We didn't buy much but had a great time trying on goofy things.
 I bought some new guppies for my fish tank.
I placed an order for a computer component that I needed.
I bought a few small gifts for my wife today.
I ordered a hamburger and french fries for lunch out and knew I would enjoy eating them.
I bought a new album on itunes
I bought two pairs of shorts that fit very well at American Eagle and used a 20% off coupon.
I bought myself a new couch and love seat.
I place an order for a game compilation that I was hesitating on.
I went to footlocker and bought new shoes
My son is very naughty boy his gave a small party to his father and me in hotel he ordered our favourite desert which is very lovely
I ordered a new subscription of Game Informer magazine, my favorite publication.
I bought a new shirt that I can't wait to wear.
My son came to visit in order to get my advice on how to get the most out of his first conference and how to present well.  
The lift in my residence apartment which was out of order for last 3 days got repaired today
Today I purchased a new shirt today with my favorite color white.
I won 100% cash back on my purchase from a mega store yesterday, i am so happy.
I ordered a piece of merchandise online. 
I went to shopping mall and had a little purchase. 
I saw a big sale on crab legs and bought enough to last me for a long time.
i went with my wife and son for purchase and had a lovely evening
I just realize that my money savings is enough to buy myself my first ever electric guitar. I am very excited.
On a holiday, I was sitting in my room after finishing my home work. As my friends were away to hill stations, I was feeling very lonely. I watched the cars and other vehicles passing by and wished that like my friends, I would also have been travelling or passing my time.

While my mind was occupied with thoughts of holidays and having fun with my friends, the door bell rang. I ran to answer it and found the postman with a parcel and a letter for me.

I signed the paper and took the parcel. My hands were itching to open the packet as my curiosity knew no bounds. I ripped the parcel open and found a beautiful tape recorder in it. The parcel had been sent from the United States and the letter along with it was from my uncle who had sent me that wonderful gift.

However, even more joy than receiving the tape recorder was the letter which my uncle had written. The letter was an invitation to go to the United States for my holidays. My uncle had arranged everything for me-the tickets and the visa, and I already had a passport.

My heart skipped several beats as I ran to give this great news to my mother. She was taken aback initially and her first reaction was not so positive.

However, she thought about it, consulted my father who was at his office and they both agreed to allow me to go to the United States to spend the rest of my holidays with my uncle.

I jumped from room to room and started packing my clothes, my toys, my books and other articles that I would need on the flight and in America. My mind was filled with various ideas about how I would spend my time with my cousins. I started dreaming about Disney world, Universal studios, the Statue of Liberty, the Grand Canyon and all the other tourist attractions that I had read about in magazines.

My father took me shopping the same day because he felt that I would need some more things to take with me. We bought gifts for my cousins and my uncle and aunt and when I came back home my cupboard was full of new clothes, shoes, gifts, etc.

Since I had not expected any such thing to happen to me, and I had been feeling sorry for myself, this offer came as a great surprise. This was indeed the happiest day of my life and I don't think I shall ever forget it as long as I live.
Yesterday morning i went to market to purchase the vegetables and milk. I forget my wallet at home. I have completed the shopping and ready to give the money shop owner, insert the pant pocket to take the wallet. Nothing in my pocket. I was shocked and thinking about when came out from home with wallet. How can i miss my wallet. Yes my wallet was in another pant. I was wear some another pant. Okay leave it. I told to shop owner sorry sir please cancel my orders i don't have money. i was forget to comes with my wallet, sorry sir. That shop owner told, no problem sir please take it don't cancel the order. Bring the money tomorrow. I hope you so much you never cheat me. Because i know about you. Every weekend i saw you at church, you helping lot of peoples and caring lot. So i know about you very well. I was really excited and very happy!!!. I thanked to that shop owner and afternoon i gave money to that shop owner for my purchase. Very good peoples. God is great. Thank you god!!!!!. Thank you.
I went to office and had to meet a new client. The meeting was for defining the company products to the client and get the deal. I got the big order and it is great. I felt I achieved something big.
I have bought new sofa and it made me happy
I got a confirmation email that a video game I had ordered online has shipped.
I found and bought an amazing three piece illuminating candle set on sale for $9.99 at a local gift shop in my town!
i bought unstitched materials and bangles for my wife.
I found a good new car that I can lease. Met with the car salesman and Im getting ready to purchase a new car!
My mom bought me my favorite fast food snack.
I found a lot of the items i was looking for at the grocery store on sale and were really cheap so i ended up buying more than i normally do and still saved about $20 off of my bill!
I listed the items I found in Walmart online for sale. There should be no time between purchase and resale. I took pictures and created listings.
we bought a new car and it made me happy 
I finally reached my goal to buy another newly released game of PS4, Horizon Zero Dawn.
I got an email letting me know when I'll be able to walk through the house I'm working on buying after some renovations have been made.
I bought new food storage containers to better handle my food. 
I stopped at the new Taco Bell this evening to try it out, hadn't been to a Taco Bell for a few years, and ordered the three taco combo and it was actually very tasty, very good.
I finally received a mouse that a ordered a while ago that had been backlogged for a long time. The mouse worked fine and met my expectations.
I purchased a new dripper tank for my electronic cigarette. I have wanted one for a while now but never had the funds to afford it until I found a good one on sale yesterday.
I went to the store and bought some ice cream.
Figuring that since I found twenty bucks it would actually be a free dinner in reality, and believe it or not, I was able to parlay my luck with the owner of the place to get a free dinner on the house because last time I order was from home and the delivery was messed up.
The event that made me happy was when we bought a new SUV. We've been lookin for the right one and finally decided to purchase one since we got a great deal.
I had a dinner party with some friends of mine in order to catch up and it was a hit. I was happy they enjoyed the food and each others company. 
My husband and I bought ourselves new wedding rings.
I got approved for a new credit card with which I can buy a new computer and VR gear.
After planning for so many days yesterday we bought round trip ticket by air to my favorite city for sightseeing. As I booked the ticket my whole family hugged and kissed me out of joy. This joy will last until we start our trip .
I ordered Sling TV and now I have "cable" again. I cancelled my cable and did not have anything to watch for a few days. 
I stopped by a nice restaurant that is one of my favorites. I ordered a medium-rare steak, asparagus and potatoes. 
I purchased 9 new summer dresses and 2 pairs of shoes from amazon.com. 
I ordered something online that I really wanted. 
I bought and ate a type of decadent chocolate cupcake that I really love.
I figured out I have enough money to order pizza if the new recipes I try don't turn out right.
I got a new CD in the mail that I had forgot I had ordered.
I bought some flowers for my yards.
I bought a new TV.
I purchased a good video game at a discount.
This morning on my way to work I stopped to get gas and for some reason decided to buy a one dollar scratch off lottery ticket.  I scratched it off when I got to work and won $10.00.  
I found and bought a shirt that I liked.
I bought a new i7 processor online that I desperately needed and found on sale!
Just yesterday we helped my daughter purchase her first car. I was so proud of her that she found the vehicle on her own and had found a very good vehicle and was able to pay for it on her own.
It gave me a good feeling that I raised her to be able to stand on her own. 
I bought a new oil which reduced my hair loss and it makes me happy
Yesterday, i went to mall for purchasing saree for my mother that time i met my friend and we both bought same color dress material for us make me happy.
An event that made me happy earlier today was when I found and bought some food from the grocery store that I'd forgotten that I wanted until that moment.
Yesterday i bought a new Yamaha bike in my own use.We bought bike EMI system in Yamaha showroom.Red colour Yamaha bike 250cc.I love so much the bike.We done some alteration work in my bike,then we took and came our home.
I went to the court house to see if I could extend the restraining order I have against my abusive parents and the process of filling out the form wasn't as bad as I expected.
i  liked shopping very much. today i ordered 5 jute bags from jute cottage banglore through online. which makes me happy.
I bought toothpaste on sale today.
I found a money order that i had bought to pay my rent.
My husband and I bought donuts that I had been craving for a few days.
i planned to buy a cooler for home , i informed about this to my wife she was very happy. i was also happy when i saw smile on her face.
Picking up my brand new pre-ordered Apple iPad at Best Buy made me happy today.
I was finally able to purchase a gym membership today after being a guest of a friend for the past 2 months.
I was able to use a gift card to buy some pizza for lunch that I had been craving.
I won $500 bucks on a scratch off ticket that I purchased earlier today, I am still pretty much in shock that I won such a large amount.
My mom gave me money so that I can buy a brand new iphone 7 tomorrow.
My friend gave me a computer game free, which he bought and it is very interesting.
I bought a present for my wife.
My favorite game was getting boring so I decided to relive playing it for the first time, by redoing all the parts of the game in sequential order.
We bought carpet for our screened in porch, it will be nice to have the concrete covered. 
I received a positive appraisal on a home we are in the process of buying.
Go to the mall and buy some shoe
 I went shoe shopping with my best friend. They had a lot of great sales so it made it even better. I was able to buy one pair of shoes
One event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to buy my girlfriend a surprise gift.
Got sellers of house we are buying to accept repairs
I went to the Studio Movie Grill to get a ticket for my son with a ticket pass he got from buying a Blue Ray.  The manager could not figure out how to submit the ticket voucher, so he just gave me the ticket for free :)  He was happy to do it too, which is unexpected.  It made me happy to be treated with such kindness as a single mom.
I put in a purchase offer on my first house.
I received recognition from my boss on the job I did on a big customer order and that made me happy to be recognized.
My wife brought home a fishing reel I was looking at online that I wanted to buy.
I found some lingerie I liked on sale and made a purchase.
I was able to find and buy everything I needed at the store.
I opened the box to look at the new sink I just ordered and picked up to get ready for installation.
I thought my dishwasher was broken, but taking it apart and cleaning it fixed it so I don't have to buy a new one!
I found a great cut of beef at the local supermarket for a great price and so I bought it.
I bought a really nice new shirt today.
My dad bought me a new pair of shoes.
Receiving a package I ordered a month ago and totally forgot about that. Finding it today in the mailbox was a great surprise and made mu day!
I ordered 2 new shirts off of Etsy. I've wanted them for awhile and finally have the money. 
A coworker bought me a breakfast burrito.
I was able to buy my mother dinner.
I ordered an item on Amazon
I purchased stock this morning and it was quite thrilling.  
When I was buying groceries, the cashier told me that she loved my outfit.
I realized I've almost earned enough money on MTurk to buy the video game I've been saving for.
I went grocery shopping and bought my girlfriend roses.
I bought a new moto g4 plus yesterday that is my favorite mobile and my dream.
My family bought pizza for lunch in which I was really happy since its is my all time favorite food.
I went shopping and bought my favorite food.
Getting news today that the car I wanted to buy next week is on sale for  $21,000 for the whole month

when i bought my dad the new iphone.
Seeing that amazon shipped out a game I had preordered months ago and it's finally releasing and coming tomorrow certainly made me happy.
I ordered lunch from a restaurant downtown.
A very big purchase I made the other day shipped and will be arriving in 2 days.
My roommate bought a new video game for us to play, and we all enjoyed that.
I got happy when I walked outside and saw my car, that I recently bought.
I bought a chocolate bunny that turned out to be solid instead of empty. It was a good deal.  
I went to a wine tasting event and was able to try out a few samples of red and white wines. I have never been to such an event and was enlightened greatly. I particularly enjoyed a specific white wine and after inquiring, I purchased one to enjoy for the evening.
The post office delivered the wireless camera that I had ordered last week.
I bought a new pet dog
yesterday i bought a new television it looks likes big cinema theater to see that picture clarity is nice moment
I bought a delicious lunch of shrimp pupusas after the lecture.
I had enough money to buy gas.
I purchased a meal from Wendy's instead of eating cereal for lunch.
My mom thanked me for always buying her papayas because they keep her healthy.
My brother bought a new car for himself for the first time using his money
I ordered food online and did not have to prepare it
My boyfriend bought me tacos for dinner.  
My mother in law bought my family dinner tonight.
I bought a ticket to go to Las Vegas, I the coming weekend
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I and my friend shared and ate the pizza which we bought in an offer.
Chatting with my best friend, who is helping me with a new home business I have started, by ordering a bunch of decorated cookies from me.
I bought a stock at just the right time and made over 2% returns in just a few hours.
I got to spend money to buy a new computer that I love!
I splurged and bought an ice cream cone - butter pecan!
Today, I received my purchase order for my new mobile phone and I am happy.
My boss bought lunch for the office from my favorite sandwich shop.
Today I received the item which I ordered few days back and I am really happy to see it in my hand.
I found a really cool Star Wars t-shirt at Target and bought it.
I bought myself a monster drink.
this is summer season, it is too hot in day and night, every day i am asking to partner to arrange air collar, day's are going, today is the final day without my notice he bought with best features of air collar, it is surprise one which we did not expect,when this item has been deliver to home, there no limit for happiness. 
Knowing that when I get home from work I just made more money to get us closer to buying our first house.
I just ordered  some parts for my reloading press that I broke last year and I found the parts without having to buy a new press.
Shoes that I had ordered and where really looking forward too where delivered to my house.
The people at Starbucks accidentally made two of my drink order, so they gave me one for free which I gave to my friend.
I purchased a brand new pair of dress shoes and they look great on me
I bought myself a new book.
I picked up my order I placed online with Walmart and was very happy no one was at customer service when I went to pick it up!
I was speaking with  my other sister who was telling me  my niece who's baby is due any day  is now 8lbs 6 oz and will most likely will not fit a lot of the newborn clothes she got at the a baby shower and we joked that the baby's father, who is frugal ( nice way of saying cheap) was going to stuff her in all those clothes so he wouldn't have to buy any for sure. My sister and I shared a good laugh about that.
My girlfriend's cousin bought a scratch ticket, and I scratched it and it won $100.
My wife and I baked some cookies with using store bought cookie dough and we realized it is really easy.
I bought a new decant of cologne that I like
I shopped online and bought myself some new clothes.
My wife came home and bought an energy drink without me asking for it.  It's something I really love, but I seldom buy for myself.
when i bought my brother the new x-box.
I got paid for a big order I sent out on an app that I do business on, and I am going to get a lot for the order. 
we purchased a new cooler, which is very much useful in this summer. which makes me happy.
I ordered a fancy air filter new part for my new car.
I bought myself a chocolate bar.
I found my favorite iced coffee on sale for buy one, get one free.
I got a new order from my customer.
My husband bought a new sari for me.
I bought a new dress for my wife.
This happened this Diwali.
As I entered my native at Night after quite a long journey , crackers were everywhere, everyone busy with lighting crackers, having sweets etc.
But only a Man n Woman, busy with their regular work, woman is busy cleaning the home, man sitting outside quiet. Once I entered that home, She ran to me, Hugging me tight, With tears she Said "You made my day my son, I never expected you would come ". Yes, She was my grand ma, Looking at her eyes , I said " I am there for you ma, Don't worry ". I wiped off the tears and fed sweets which I brought to both of them with my hand. While going I had brought some Fruits, Sweets and Juice for them . Along with them I had also purchased a cell phone, which is capable of playing songs and videos along with memory card . I had downloaded few  Hari Kathe ( Kannada mythological stories ) and old Songs ( My grand pa loves Hari Kathe so much ). I showed them how to play them also. I set my number to speed dial. We had food together with conversation about many things including my marriage. They had a big smile on their face. At that moment I have experienced " True Happiness ". I just realise how to spread happiness . Even I am having billions also, I am sure I can't feel that Happiness. Why they were sorry is not needed now, but they were in deep sad.
I bought a bag of sunflower seeds.
My parcel with purchased items arrived in my town today and I am happy I will be able to pick them later today.
A bought a very nice pair of sun glasses
I bought a chargeable table fan due to power cut and had a good sleep at night.
A package I was expecting arrived earlier than I thought. Now I have the items that I ordered.
I was checking on my savings and saw that I am almost ready to make a large purchase to buy my dream PC.
Yesterday at the grocery store, the cashier gave me a discount on my total purchase because I volunteered to bag my own groceries due to them being short on baggers at the time.
Today I am wearing my new clothes which I bought last weekend and I am very happy about it.
i buy a case for my new Smartphone moto g4.
I purchased a new summer top.
Within the last 24-hours I went to the Steakhouse and while I was there, the young ladies were full of energy that put a smile on the customers face, after receiving my to-go order, I decided to do the unthinkable to reward them with a $100.00 tip. 
Purchasing a present for myself. I have recently bought a pair of boots that will be useful for me in every weather. I was extremely happy because I have been watching this item for awhile and now that it is on sale, I received a great deal.
Went to shopping with my friends and purchased my favourite items for low price
I bought a nice pizza from a good pizza chain.
I was able to purchase a website today for an idea I've been thinking of.
I got 5% cash back on my purchases yesterday. I am happy. 
I purchased a number of gifts for my nephew and presented them to him at his birthday party.
I got the case for my new phone that i ordered two days back via Amazon. It is a beautiful case.
I'm happy because I'm happy today for my day off, and I can go for a walk with my family. We can go to a cafe and a park. And we can buy delicious things.
I got a very important item that I ordered online
I talked about gardening and ordering seeds with my elderly mother.
I bought myself new shoes.
I found a dollar in my pocket and used it to buy candy.
It was my sister's birthday and I got her a cake and a card.  I was able to order her birthday present as well.  I didn't have a lot of money but I was able to save some so I could do this.  It wasn't much but it made me happy to be celebrating this with her.
I bought myself a gaming mouse, and it felt extremely comfortable compared to the one I had previously.
I ordered a couple of things that I wanted off Amazon. 
We were able to return a big purchase we recently made that we didn't really want after thinking about it.
I got lots of work done on my house in order to sell it.
I went to shopping to purchase vegetables and there i brought mangoes which is very tasty and with less price. i am happy with that fruit i got
I recently purchased a nintendo switch, Playing the switch makes me very happy everytime I get to play with it. Im really enjoying the new zelda game.
A coworker bought us all coffee today.
Yesterday my boyfriend (for a little over a month) purchased bus tickets so that he could travel from Canada to the U.S. to visit me for a week. 
I bought the g-force powermoves trainer that I have wanted for over a year.
I spent my lunch break looking for a ring for my girlfriend. It also made me day dream about future events. (wedding, buying a house, kids) 
The store had a lot of the items I was buying on sale.
The happiest moment was one day before i went to shopping buying lot of cloths...
My wife bought me a pair of shorts that I've been wanting to get.
I ordered a cup of coffee this morning. The cashier gave me an extra cookie.
my brother bought a new watch which is my favourite
I did some online shopping on Jet.com and was surprisingly able to find some items to order that I'm too lazy to go pick up at a store.
I received my favourite casio watch which I have ordered by online .
I was able to buy a street food that I hadn't seen since childhood.
I bought a new pair of shoes at the mall.
I also bought a watermelon but when I looked at my receipt I realized I wasn't charged for it.
My coworker bought me dinner. 
I bought an 8 pack of miniature Baby Ruth candy bars and I ate several of them.
I have money left over on my student meal plan that I need to use up, so I bought a bunch of snack from the vending machine
I went to the store today to get a bunch of groceries and found my favorite ice cream flavor so I bought it. I had some for dessert today. It was so good!
My younger sister bought a new Indica car this morning. I went along with her to the showroom for test drive and after test drive we both were very much satisfied with the car. So we booked it immediately. The ivory color of the car gives a grand look to it. Then we drove the car to our home just now. Still, we have to fix so many items in the car this evening.
I was given complimentary oranges with my online order
I have purchased new dresses for my daughter .
My cousin went to china and bought me a clock and bag when he came and it made me happy
Today, we went out for shopping and bought a new small car for Rs. 50000/- for my son as our token of love on him.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
Went for shopping and found huge discount on the shoes which i was chasing from a very long time to buy it.
I finally made enough money on Amazon Mechanical Turk to buy my girlfriend a birthday present with the Amazon credit.
My colleague moved to a new house and bought sweets for everyone
I ordered gardening supplies for our new garden.
I bought The Hunger Games Trilogy series books, that I've wanted for so long
Go to the mall and buy two shirts
I was happy to find my favorite k-cups, that I've always had to order online, at my local grocery store yesterday. 
The Craiglist guy actually showed up to buy my crap.
I purchased some vegetables for a less fortunate person who was going to use them to make a "Jigs Dinner" and share with me. I experienced a very happy moment when I gave them the vegetables and they thanked me for them. 
When we ate outside, at the restaurant. We ordered korean food.
I found few good discounted deals on branded clothesline, and on actually buying new clothes made me really happy.
We ordered a delicious Thai dinner, but the restaurant accidentally gave us the wrong takeout order. We went back to correct the mistake and they told us to keep the other food, too, so we got to try new dishes we wouldn't have otherwise ordered.
My son spent some of his own allowance to buy a book, which is not usual for him!!
I was at home hungry and my brother just showed up with some food he had bought for me.
Today I bought a plane ticket to another country
I bought some sour patch kids on the way home from work and ate a few.
I received a new backpack I ordered in the mail.
I went to get food with a friend and they bought me a drink. 
I got a compliment about the new shoes I bought which made me feel good.
I bought a new mouse at the store.
My son loved all the gifts we bought him for his birthday.
I ordered a cool pair of chinos that arrived today, really like the fit of them.
I discovered my favorite Mexican place delivers through Uber and I ordered a carne asada burrito and chips and queso for lunch and it was so good.
yesterday i bought new apple I phone...
My friend bought me lunch today at Arby's. 
I bought a new shoe yesterday and that moment made me feel happy.
When I purchase a new car
Receiving a text message from my mother that she plans to buy me a birthday gift. She inquired on what I wanted and was certain that she will send it to me. It made me happy because I now have something to look forward to for next week.
Yesterday, me and my dad went shopping and purchased more dress for me.
I bought a mortar and pestle.
I went shopping and got some treats at the store while I was there. I bought some ice cream which I ate while watching the movie.
I bought a bunch of pot pies that were on a terrific sale.
I recently became friends with a really great group of people. Yesterday we ordered pizza, Chinese, and taco bell. Then we sat around talking and eating. Good times.
i went for shopping and i bought my favorite top. 
The store also had expensive cough drops on sale of which I purchased two bags.
The new shoes that I ordered finally arrived today.
We bought a new two wheeler
I finally ordered a watch from Amazon to replace the watch that died over a year ago.
My Daughter bought a Chocolate for me.
went for purchase and buy a new blue tie. its design was so good
Also, this morning I bought a new Apple I Phone which is my long term wish to buy such one. Till now, I am using it & searching & learning new features in it happily.
I was talking with my friend for half an hour through mobile phone, its made me happy when i share my opinions on buying a new bike
I ordered a football for my cousin brother.
 I bought a new iPad like I'd been planning to for a while 
I went shopping and purchased my girlfriend Star Wars tissues she likes, which made her extremely happy. I love taking small moments like this to make her feel good. 
Saved a bunch of money by being creative and painstakingly repainting a sign instead of just ordering a new one. Feeling creative!
Someone got a package I ordered for them. They were happy to get it. 
I bought myself a soda as a treat yesterday.
When I went to the local supermarket, the frozen dinners I wanted to buy were 5 for $10, which is a pretty good savings, and enabled me to buy a few for the future and save up.
Getting approved for the home that we are attempting to buy in the town we want to live in.
I finally was able to buy the jeans I have been wanting online for so long. 
I finally decided to buy a video game system that I had been researching, and I got myself to hit the buy button.
Going to buy cloth and perfume's
My boyfriend bought me candy because he knew I was having a stressful week. It was a complete surprise. 
I bought a pint of my favorite type of ice cream which is usually not on sale, but yesterday it was.
A product I ordered on Amazon arrived at my house.
Returning a blu-ray player I bought online that was wrongly advertised as 3D ended up being very easy.
I felt happy when I spent time reading the sociology book I recently bought.
I bought a new computer mouse.
My company ordered pizza for all the employees to have during their break/lunch break.
Yesterday i attended Tractors association meeting and i was very happy to know mini tractors and how to apply loan to buy.
We started a new job today and the plants we purchased were beautiful.
I bought myself chocolate icecream as a treat for staying on my diet/ exercise regiment
I'm expecting a child soon, today I decided to organize all of the clothes I purchased or have received as gifts.
I bought a new fish tank and rocks and stuff for my fish tank!
I went to the store and bought myself a nice snack.
My roommate told me last night that he will order a 2 month amount of flea stuff for his cats (that hang in my bedroom all the time) on Friday. The cats are itching and scratching and going crazy and he keeps saying he will get it and hasn't in a couple of months.
I went shopping at a local Nordstrom and found a shirt I had been looking for and bought it.
I purchased a game off a digital distribution site that I wanted.
I bought a present for a friend at work.
I returned a GPS system I bought from Costco few months ago but I did not use it frequently. Today I got the courage to return it back and get a full refund. Now I have extra cash on hand.
I went for a walk and bought ice cream at a small store.
I came home from work yesterday and my boyfriend had bought me a bouquet of flowers, a bottle of wine, and made a delicious dinner. It was so wonderful to come home to that after a long stressful day
Took a friend to buy a bike at the shop
I bought Rogue One at Best Buy and was able to watch the whole thing during a relaxing evening.
i delivered a big order to a woman at her home today and she was so appreciative that i got it there so fast!
One of the purchases I made yesterday shipped sooner than I anticipated and will now be here by Friday.
Someone was really kind and bought me ice cream today. 
When my wife buying a new brand clothes for me
I bought freeze .
I had a hard day at work so I randomly entered a bakery I've never been to and bought strawberry cheesecake. I ate strawberry cheesecake at 9 PM on a rainy day. 
The early father's day gift that I ordered for my husband arrived today and made him very happy, in return makes me very happy that he's happy.
The coin on a cryptocurrency exchange that I was hoping would drop in price so I could buy it, droppedd a lot in price and I was able to buy a lot of it for cheap.
I went to a sporting goods store and bought a new golf putter.
I bought my dad a new pole saw after his last one broke, we shared our first coconut from our coconut tree in ages; it made me happy to see him happy.
Went for shopping to buy casual wear for my daughter and enjoyed very much
I bought something on eBay today.
I bought a new bicycle.
I bought my wedding shoes!
my parent are help to me for my carriers . it make me feel very excited and happy . because they are very supported with my education and my carrier . my father work hard well for my carrier and future . i have to proud of my father . my father bought a car for me . i am so happy for this . i am so lucky to have this parent . 
I bought some nice weightlifting gloves.
I got my refund from a product I bought.
My brother bought a car that is most comfortable and luxury 
I purchased a new to me car for a very reasonable price.  It is my first vehicle, and I am very happy.
I had bought a mango flavored fruit smoothie at a store near work today. It was so good.
I met out a friend for their birthday and bought them a shot.
I ordered six new chicks for my flock. 
I bought a new keyboard for my computer. 
I purchased few pet bird today.
I transferred mechanical turk money to my bank account for the first time and bought diner for myself and a colleague using that money!
I bought my ticket back to NYC and can't wait to get home and relax!
I went to the grocery store and saw that blackberries were on sale. I love berries so I bought a couple of pints. Then while I was in the store it dawned on me that I could make some nice turnovers so I bought puff pastry too. Then I came home and made awesome berry turnovers. They were delicious!
In the last day I attended a home inspection for a home I am buying for myself and my family. All of the checks pasted and it looks like I'll be able to move in after the loan closes.
I ordered a new office chair for my computer setup, which I've needed to do for awhile.
My husband asked what kind of cake I would like for my birthday so he could order one.
when I went to the vending machine at work there was already a dollar credit and all I needed was a quarter to buy a soda, which I found on the sidewalk minutes before.
After work, I ordered some take-out online and it got to my apartment within 20 minutes, far faster than expected.
When I went to buy a shirt I wanted this afternoon at the mall, the clerk advised me it was on sale that day so I saved even more than I thought!
The interlibrary loan order for Thomas Frank's new book arrived.
My wife made tortellini with alfredo sauce. She specifically bought alfredo sauce for me because she knows how much I prefer it.
Went to the grocery store to purchase lamb chops which I cooked for my wife and myself for dinner. 
I bought an ice cream that I'd been craving for days.
I was able to purchase the building permit so we can get new siding on our house.
I bought bread from my favorite bakery.
I bought a new summer dress.
I bought a pizza and it was surprisingly good
I bought a scratch off ticket and won 5 dollars.
Yesterday I purchased new dress and that moment made me feel happy.
I set daily goals for myself in order to make sure that I have all the things necessary for a successful and happy future. Today I have met all my daily goals and that is something that makes me proud and happy
I bought a scratch-off lottery ticket at the gas station, and won $5.
Yesterday morning 10:00 o clock I went to hotel for eat because my mom wasnat prepared anything for breakfast so I went to hotel. I seated there and order the food and started to eat and then finally finished the all of foods, ready to pay the bill and that hotel owner told me I offer you for $30. I was so lucky and felt very happy about this because my bill was only $28. So no need pay the bill, I had free food. Jolly Jolly!!. After reached home I returned this money to my mom and told about that offer she was happy for I saved money. Iam so lucky. Very happy.
today i could sell a couple of old pants and i could buy some pot that made me happy
I ordered socks in online and received before the delivery date. I was very happy because my old socks were torn on that day.
We purchased a new bi-cycle for my kid which she likes the most.
I experienced happiness today when the mail arrived and I received several packages of clothing I had ordered online that I had been waiting on.
I went to the store and bought a new planter for the deck.
I was able to buy my ticket for the Passover Dinner at my congregation and I didn't have the money but I got  gift card that I forgot about and was able to pay for the ticket
yesterday morning i bought new car its very nice to drive and very comfortable to sit
I bought some candy to eat.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I ordered Chinese food and it was very delicious and good quality.
I was happy when I stopped into a little shop and bought a special treat for my boyfriend to surprise him with.  

I indulged in one of my favorite beers last night. I can't buy it locally so it's kind of a big deal. 
I purchased a new outfit.
I bought a new pair of tennis shoes.
I purchased a new micro oven.
I got home and my tshirt I bought online was in my mailbox.
I found exactly what I was looking for when trying to make a purchase for my upcoming business. 
I bought a rug that looks great in my living room.
I bought new videogames and started playing them for a few hours.
I felt happy when I got home from work and all the baby stuff I ordered for my soon to arrive grandson was sitting on my porch.
I bought three houseplants for really cheap, and they look great in my window.
A part I ordered for a broken kitchen appliance I have came in the mail yesterday, so now I can fixit and resume using it. 
I was able to purchase something I've been looking for for quite a while.
I bought plane tickets to Iceland.
Yesterday i attended the book launch program and i was very happy to see a writer of this book and finally i bought this book.
I received some pants that I'd ordered in the mail, which fit well and look great!
I was happy when I bought a new iPhone.
My dad is buying dinner for us on Friday night.
My coworkers chipped in to purchase some flowers for one of my other coworkers on paid medical leave. She will greatly appreciate them!
My wife and I changed all the light bulbs within the house to LED lights in order to save on our electric bill.
I was able to fix an order for someone they had mistakenly placed on Amazon.
I went to Panda Express and ordered some orange chicken with pork and fried rice.
I finally got the sound system I ordered online. 
Yesterday i went to buy new shirt and i was very happy because i got 50% discount on that shirt because the shopper selected my name for all the people present in the store in the lucky draw.
I brought up a great idea for a particular item to sell at the stores to my boss who sent it up the chain to be ordered for hundreds of stores.
I was able to go shopping and buy Noosa yogurt half off at Hyvee.
The worker at the restaurant I went to took a customized order and was very friendly. 
when my sister buying a new home 
I recently bought a subscription to Gamefly and rented 2 games.
today i went to the market with my mother and i buy some food for the week.
My Dad bought me pizza for dinner and I spent time with him and my family.
I bought a brand new car yesterday, i am so excited.
I bought beer.
I got my online order delivered yesterday, and I liked it very much
When I went to buy my breakfast this morning, the cashier knew what I was getting since I get the same thing every morining.
evening i went to shopping and purchased my favorite dress
evening i went to shopping and purchased my favorite dress
I just bought a new watch.
I found a bedding set (sheets, comforter, pillows, curtains, etc.) on sale, online, in the color and style that I've been wanting and ordered it
I wasn't able to find parking to get a free cone of Vanilla, Carmel, Fudge ice-cream from Ben and Jerry's so I went to Safeway and 
bought a pint of it.
I ordered pizza and it wasn't raw in the middle this time when it got here.
I bought a new pair of shoes on the internet which were on sale and had a great price.
The same artist who made the art book I purchased, made a piece of art just for me, based on a prompt of mine, and posted it on their website.
My 18th birthday. It was amazing, my mother ordered this amazing cake, I got flowers from my mum and dad, everyone I loved came to my place in the evening. Then the next day my cousin brother did the sweetest thing ever and later that day I got The Fault in our stars as a birthday gift from a close friend
And finally, sitting down in the shower in the evening after a productive work day, and taking some very, very deep breaths to relax and reflect before you surrender yourself to the bed. Yes, this happened today and it certainly bought a big happy smile on my face.
My group of friends and I bought some flight tickets to visit China. One of them was not sure if he could get a holiday in that period so he tried to buy the tickets the second day, after he got more information from his boss. Unfortunately the prices had risen by 50% and that made him really sad. In the evening I tried another booking website and I found the same flight at the same cost as before. It made him very happy and I had a great day as well.
My husband FINALLY bought himself a new truck. He works so hard and deserves one. His other one was on its last leg and he decided on a full size, fully loaded chevy silverado- I am so excited and happy for him!
Arround  at after noon i went for shopping many things i bought for my self that was pleasure for me.
Getting a shipping confirmation email for the vinyl release of the Westworld soundtrack. I had forgotten I pre-ordered it so it was a nice surprise of sorts.
We bought the rest of the materials to finish the chicken coop, the chicks love the larger area. 
I purchased a new tablet for my son.
I got to buy my favorite donut for breakfast this morning and it started my day pretty good.
My favorite yogurts were buy one get one free.
I buy a couple of new shoes on amazon.
I got 40% off of a pizza I ordered for dinner last night.
I got the chance to try a new brand of coffee and it turned out to taste better than what I usually buy; this will be my new go-to coffee now.
We're getting married next month and after months of deliberation, we finally ordered our wedding cake!
The suit I bought my wife yesterday worked, she got a job offer.
I bought a new cooking tool to grill chicken in the kitchen
I bought a new dress I liked today.
I found a wedge pillow I wanted to buy online and it's now on sale.
I bought madeleines at Costco and they are my favorite.
I bought some pizza.
I bought and ate Easter candy.
I went to Marshalls and purchased a new pair of board shorts that retails for $55.00 for $20.00 and they fit very well.
My sister bought me a chicken wrap from Wendy's.
I made over $30.00 today at my job taking pizzahut orders
I bought a new Iguana today
On my drive home from work today, I got the good news that my family has been preapproved for a loan to buy a house.
The new jacket i bought just arrived in the mail.
The bourbon I special ordered arrived at my liquor store today. I picked it up and I'm excited to try it.
I bought a new exotic plant from a new nursery in town called The Pachira aquatica. After bringing it home I re planted it into a beautiful blue pottery bowl. 
Yesterday i was very happy because i bought a new cell phone with new model and it has got many additional features.
I went to Cookout and bought a chocolate milkshake which I then ate.
the stock market went down which enabled me to get in at a cheaper price on a few stocks i wanted to buy.
If meeting a friend after 20 long years, is a moment that would make anyone happy, I had this rare and nostalgic experience yesterday at a local mall, as I was queuing up to settle my purchase bill.
I have bought a vehicle for myself
Received online order for some clothes that fit perfectly.
I had to wait at the drive thru at McDonald's for my order, and the cashier gave me a free drink for the inconvenience.
I purchased and new mobile phone and it made me happy.
My boyfriend ordered me food to be delivered.
I found out my girlfriend is ordering $100 worth of candy from the internet with her tax return!
I am going to buy new mobile today and that moment feels happy.
I buy one blue colour Saree  its good cloth and fabulous colour I wired today its too good all liked it
I purchased a new water thermos that keeps my water cold for 24 hours. 
My wife bought sweet box for me yesterday night, i had sweet after so long, while i was eating it i had a nice conversation with her. It was really funny i was so happy about that.
I bought a new car today.
I ordered pizza for dinner.
I started a diet in order to lose weight.
My brother gave me a surprise visit and bought toys for my kid and it made me happy
I was happy when I sold an item on Craigslist to a really nice buyer.  My loved (but unused) motorcycle boots found a good home!
yesterday i went to shopping with my family  to buy lot of toys for my son making more happy for me and my family...
I was incredibly worried about coming up with the cost for a very formal dress for an upcoming family member's wedding, and my mother-in-law offered to purchase it for me.
I purchased a bulk pack of hot dogs, and it was the last one the store had.  Great taste and a bargain price, per hot dog.
Yesterday my mom took me shopping and bought me new clothes.
I worked out to a new Zumba DVD I bought.
We ordered our thank you cards from our wedding with a bunch of pictures on it.
I got a discount on my lunch by buying a combo.
I bought my boyfriend a tv that was a fantastic deal.
Yesterday my fiancA(c) ordered us Chinese food when I got home from work, and I was so happy when it arrived.  It was delicious General Tso's Chicken and we watched a Netflix show together, which is a definite combination for happiness.
I earned enough money on mechanical turk to purchase a new video game.


I recently sold something on eBay that I had listed for a couple of months. It was a snow globe that I bought and it sold for over a 100 bucks. I was extremely happy because I spent 4 bucks on it. I was happy because I had it for a while and was wondering if I had to lower the price to sell it.
An item that had gone out of stock which I really wanted finally became available again and I was able to purchase it.
I found someone who was willing to purchase my old bed frame. 
My friends texted to say they were crossing the state border for our weekend together.
I went to the store and bought some makeup that I needed.
I was happy when I received a fancy pen that I had ordered
I placed an order for a new hooded sweatshirt, and I'm excited to treat myself for a change.
yesterday the technicians came from the company to install the New TV that we bought and showed a demo about the TV.My whole family got excited with the new experience we are gaining with the New TV.
I ordered a baby crib and changing table on walmart.com
My shoes that I bought online finally came today.
I purchased a game I was interested in for a big discount.
I bought some fresh salmon today for a great price from the grocery store.
I purchased  my dream new two wheeler yesterday. This makes me too happy.
My boyfriend and I were able to order our new bed today. 
I bought a  a couple of lottery tickets and won $10!
I received my food order.
I received a coupon.  I was able to buy something online at a discount.  It felt really good to save money.
We planned to go to  tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised
I bought my big protein shake at a discount at Walmart. I normally dont buy in bulk but it was such a good price.

Friend bought a bike so he ride me
I received a shirt in the mail that I ordered and forgot it was being delivered today. So it was a very happy surprise! 
I was notified by the court that my request to have my restraining order against my parents was granted.
An order for Dot's Custard ejuice for my vape mod arrived in the mail.
I bought a dress for my wife from amazon.
New shirts I ordered came in the mail.
My delivery order of some gourmet food arrived early and fully intact.
I bought tickets to see Ghost in the Shell for in IMAX 3D for tomorrow night.
I bought a coworker a brownie and it seemed to make her afternoon.
I ordered a new iPhone. The iPhone 7 plus. 
I bought myself a box of my favorite cookies
Today, I am going to purchase new desktop system and thinking of that moment feels more happy.
I was searching for one health product online and the product is out of stock for long time but yesterday that product available in stock and that moment feels happy and I ordered it.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying ticket. I was surprise.
we planned to go to tour on summer vocation.my father showed my buying tickets. i was surprised.
We planned to go to tour on summer vacation. my father showed me a buying ticket i was surprised.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation my father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. my father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
We planed to go to tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
Yesterday i went to mall and i bought more toys for my sister's baby then i met my college friend.We both shared lot about our college days.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. my father showed me a buying tickets. i was surprised.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation My father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
i purchased a new blue kodak spectacle for me . which makes me happy.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying tickets. I was surprised.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. My father should me a buying tickets. I was surprised.

bought tickets to the annual spring game 
The house that I was focused on buying a couple of weeks ago is back on the market as of yesterday so I am eager to check it out.
I received the matching key rings I ordered for my best friend and I in the mail; I'm excited to ship hers out to her. 
I found I had soda left over in the fridge so I don't have to buy more.
I helped my neighbor move some new furniture he bought for his apartment.
My husband came home from work and had bought me a coffee on the way home.
I bought my sister a bouquet of flower when I first saw her.
My mom bought orange juice and served me
I bought persona 5 for my playstation 4.
I ordered pizza for dinner last night and it was delicious.
A website pulled a switch-a-roo on my wife when she tried to make a purchase with a special deal code, it wasn't a big deal and we had great laugh about her initial frustration. 
I'm happy we bought a new truck yesterday. 
We ordered chinese food.
My boss bought some people pizza at work yesterday which was great
I purchased a new comforter for my bed.
Today I bought a new dog
I ordered 5 records a couple of days ago through my favorite website that I usually order records from, when I purchase them online. I made an offer on all five records and he accepted all of the offers, so I got them at a great discount. I received them the day before yesterday actually but I really opened the package last night, and i'm still pretty thrilled about that.
Starting up a new video game I bought for myself
My order of Magic cards came in the mail.
I learned that our President ordered an attack on a Syrian airfield where the Siran gas was launched on the Syrian civilian population.
I was able to have a friend help me purchase something big that I couldn't get into my own car.
The cologne I ordered from Amazon came, and I really enjoy the scent.
I was able to reflate one of my tires that I was afraid was going flat - saving me a bunch of money as I didn't have to buy new tires.
I went outside with my friends for celebrating one of my friend purchased a new car.
i am very happy is tour travels and shopping mall purchase ext...
I bought new shampoo and tried it out and I liked it.
I polished my nails with a new pink color I just bought. My nails look great!
I bought a present for a bridal shower.
I helped my brother buy new shoes. He keeps exercising allot and needed new shoes but did not have enough money, so I went ahead and purchased him a new pair of runner shoes.
After craving ice cream for a few days, I bought a container of Neapolitan from the supermarket. It tasted great!
I found out that I still have a lot of money in a credit card from Best Buy, and I will use that to buy a new television.
I bought a LED tv from the company panasonic.This is my first salary that I bought this TV.
The George Foreman grill I ordered online came in, and it made some excellent burgers.
I had a chance to eat a very fancy yogurt that I can't buy very often but it's so smooth, it's a pure pleasure to eat it.
My wife gave me a present she had ordered from Europe that I am currently wearing.
I bought a scratcher ticket and won 5 bucks. then I bought a 5 dollar ticket and won a free one. And then I scratched that and lost it all. 
I got a package in the mail that I ordered a few weeks ago and had been wondering where it was.
My husband and I purchased a drone to take on our hiking trips.
Went out and bought a nice big cage for my new iguana and he loves it.
I finally decided on which color bike should i buy for us.
when a tense purchase got easy.
I received my item I ordered from Amazon this morning.
Watched my son excel at his 4th grade recorder concert tonight.
In the past 24 hours a family member ordered me some free food 
I bought a new video game
i was walking to the store to get cat food and cat litter...   i found 20 dollars in parking lot...that does not happen everyday..  i bought my stuff and the person behind me...   made her day
I bought a new eyeliner, after trying it, I liked it a lot.
I bought a new table.
My sister bought a android cell phone. When she showed me that phone, I was surprised.
yesterday i went to shopping with my family members and buying lot of toys for my son....
my sister bought a android cell phone.when she showed me that phone.i was surprised.
my sister bought a android cell phone. when she showed me that phone. i was surprised.
My sister bought a android cell phone. when she showed me that phone, i was surprised.
My sister bought a android cell phone. When she showed me that phone. I was surprised
M sister bought a android cell phone.when she showed me that phone, i was surprised.
My sister bought a android cell phone when she showed met that phone, i was surprised.
My sister bought a android cell phone. When she showed me that phone, i was surprised.
My sister bought a andriod cell phone. when she showed me that phone, i was surprised.
We planned to go to tour on summer vocation. My father showed me a buying ticket. I was surprised.
My sister bought a android cell phone. When she showed me that phone. I was surprised.
my sister bought a android cell phone when she showed me that phone i was surprised.
My sister bought a android cell phone. When she showed me that phone, I was surprised.
My sister bought a android cell phone. when she showed me that phone, i was surprised.
yesterday i bought a new apple i phone...
I got a bonus to my salary. I can buy what I want. It's my dream to buy a good tablet.
My sister bought a android cell Phone. When she showed me that Phone,. I was surprised.
I recently became friends with a really great group of people. Yesterday we ordered pizza, Chinese, and taco bell. Then we sat around talking and eating. Good times.Talking to my sister in law, eating some chocolate custard, and spending some time with my youngest child.I once failed a programming class. In the last 24 hours, I have started and completed basic python. Very big achievement for me
My sister bought a andriod cell phone. When she showed me that phone I ws surprised.

I received the order purchase for my new mobile phone and I am happy.
I found some options online to sell my current smartphone for money so I'll be able to buy a new one for cheaper. 
I was able to sit down and plan out some big purchases in the next few months.  I now know how much it will cost and what I have to save up for those purchases.
One of my stocks that I bought years ago did very well yesterday on the stock market.
When I bought a present for my mother.
My daughter's boyfriend bought his first new car, and he's so proud.
I went to a local bookstore and bought a book called the Art of Peace.
I ordered my favorite lunch and still have some leftover.
Today i bought a NEW LED Tv.
A pair of new shoes that I ordered came in the mail. 
I went to the grocery store and bought a pint of ice cream, this made me and my taste buds very happy and blissful. 
I bought a new fragrance from Dior.
I got to buy my sister a Hamilton hoodie as a gift to thank her for getting me tickets to the show.
I saw my payment from a job had posted which allows me to make a purchase I've been wanting.
The new linens we ordered online arrived.
I ordered sushi for lunch.
I was able to buy a video game that I have been wanting for quite some time.
A friend offered to buy me a coffee unexpectedly, which was fantastic because I was so tired.
I bought a new handbag.
I bought a television for the first time, ever!
My next door neighbor bought a case of brown eggs and gave me two dozen of them.
My happy moment that happened to me was that I was able to buy groceries with my own money that I earned.
Yesterday instead of cooking a big messy dinner my wife told me to go out and buy McDonald's for dinner.
went to the christmas tree shop to purchase some lawn ornaments so it's time to spring out. 
I very rarely drink but on occasion I enjoy drinking wine so last evening I purchased a fantastic bottle of chianti.
Yesterday after work, I ordered Thai food and got a bottle of wine and watched a movie.
I purchased a new computer for gaming.
The gentlemen in front of me at Starbucks purchased my drink for me.
I bought a new chaise lounge for my living room.
It made me very happy to buy a gift tablet to my girlfriend yesterday.
we went to a shopping mall and purchased lot of things.my kids are very happy walking everywhere playing games in the mall.i felt really very happy seeing them enjoying and having fun and then we had dinner in the restaurant and reached home.
Was able to order my new hiking gear today.
Made some chili from the crockpot I recently purchased
A event which made me happy in the past 24 hours was when I found out how cheap it would be in order to have a traffic ticket dismissed.  I visited an attorney, found out that the ticket would be dismissed, and I wouldn't have to take any action on my part to have the case resolved.  This made me happy because I didn't want to handle it on my own.
I ordered a bagel from Panera and they didn't mess up slicing it (last time they cut it in half through the top). The blueberry cream cheese spread that I ordered with it was pretty good too.
I order new makeup on amazon
i finally got the time to go buy another bottle of mineral water for the water dispenser. 
I ordered pizza, after weeks of trying to scrape to save for a move. It wasn't much of an investment, but it made me feel less needy.
I bought a nice steak at a grocery store. 
I finally got the house straightened out and in order.
My boyfriend bought dinner for both of us. 
I ordered food from a regular place I go to, something I can only afford to do every week or two, and the ingredients happened to be especially fresh and tasty this time.
I purchased a lottery ticket and won!
I received my animation software that I ordered.
I finally saved up enough money to buy several computer components that I had been saving up for for almost a month. 
I had a small happy moment within the past 24 hours - I bought a website that I believe will help me in beginning my financial success.
I bought my graduation announcements, which makes graduation feel super close! I have one month to go!
I went to a nice restaurant and ordered a chocolate cake with my significant other. Just the time spent doing something nice with someone I care about made me happy.
I got a buy one get one free deal at the drugstore when I wasn't expecting it
I went to wawa and I bought a yummy quesadilla which was delicious and filling.
Went to the shopping mall for a small purchase
I took a walk in the rain and bought coffee.
buying yarn
I was able to repair my phone right when I was going to have to purchase as new one.
Today, I purchased a new toothpaste to clean my tooth as well as make my teeth white and that moment makes me feels happy.
I received some items I purchased online in the mail and that made me happy.
I was able to purchase two items for a very low price, knowing that I would be able to sell them later for a profit.
I won a free chicken sandwich from a coke bottle. I was kind of hungry at the time and I ended up buying a coke bottle. They have an event here where if you get matching symbols you win a free item from a choice of restaurants. The nice thing is that I was very close the place I wanted to eat at. So it made me really happy that I won the item.
I ordered a pizza and it arrived at my house in only twenty minutes, which made me super happy because I love pizza!
Something that made me happy today was buying a new bed.
I had been sitting outside a safeway in Santa Clara. I had just arrived there to wait for someone. Not even 10 minutes had passed, and this gentleman had gone inside and bought a box of breakfast biscuit/cracker things and offered it to me. 
I bought chinese food which I've been craving all week!
I ordered a Cinnamon Dulce Cappuccino at Starbucks, and it was delicious.
I order a pizza from a local pizza ship that I never had before, and it was delicious.
I was talking to my uncle about how the present I got him for his birthday was defective. This made me a little sad for him since I wanted it to be a good present. I then decided to talk to him a bit to see if there was anything that he really wanted since I was unaware of anything before purchasing a gift for him. He told me that he really would like to get my old GameCube system up and running again because he really enjoyed playing it. It needed a controller and a memory card, so I purchased both for him. I also purchased a rated M game for him to play, as these are the only games that he enjoys. He was so overjoyed with what I had done and that made me extremely happy. Making other people happy is what makes me most happy.
It was taco night at the cafeteria and I got to order fully loaded nachos.
My wife made me green tea that we bought from Uji, Japan, and it was delicious.
I went to an asian market and bought some interesting and novel candies.
My husband and I wanted to buy a bottle of rosA(c), but couldn't decide which to try, and then he found one we hadn't tried, from a winery I like, at a good price.
I found out the seller on eBay wanted my offer of 20 dollars to buy this skirt.
Finally found out they are still selling smari icelandic yogurt at a few target stores and made the trip to buy some. 
I got a camera I ordered and it works great. The pictures looks great.
I got to go grocery shopping and bought lots of great stuff. 
I bought a large bag of coffee that should last me a month. 
I ordered breakfast pizza from my favorite gourmet shop this morning.
I bought 2 movie tickets for this weekend.
Today being saturday, I and my husband as usual go to buy groceries. Today there was a Lucky dip in the store and when they announced my name , I was at the top of the world !
I ordered groceries online to be delivered.
I bought a tasty sandwich for lunch at a reduced price.
A bought a new pair of headphones
Was able to buy my new iPhone today. 
There was a super offer in the mall, the things i purchased was in offer and almost it costed me for 90% off.
I buy a six pack of my favorite beer Blue Moon.
I bought a canopy and mattress for my tent.
To my wife's surprise yesterday I went alone for the 1st time to buy a jewel for my wife to give it today on the occasion o our 25th wedding anniversary  which was thrilling and happy 
I have been doing some painting on canvases and whenever I finish a painting I post it on Facebook for my friends and family to see. Since I am just a beginner and I like my paintings, I think it is fun to show them to others. Yesterday, someone who is a friend asked me if I ever sold any of my paintings. I told her that since I was just a beginner and painting just for my own enjoyment that I had not considered selling any of them but if she was interested in a specific one to let me know. She then proceeded to tell me which painting she would like to buy, we agreed upon a price and she bought it! I was very happy! She even paid me through Facebook Messenger which I had not known that was an option until then.
My husband brought fruits for me and it is really surprised me because he without request he won't buy groceries or fruits but today he did that. That is a happy thing and surprised one also.
In the afternoon when I bought a dessert as a gift from a friend 
A person bought my old phone online for a high price
An event that made me happy was that I ordered food.
I bought a box on band aids in my last grocery trip and I was able to cover a paper cut. 
My nephew was opening a package of Pokemon cards that I bought him for his birthday and he got a card that he really wanted.
I bought a new iphone.
My friend bought a meal for me.
I purchased a brand new smartphone for my sister.
I ordered pizza last night for supper and it was delicious!
I was waiting for an item we ordered some weeks ago with a hobbyist organisation, and I learn today that it was delivered, and I could go at our place to pick it up when I want.
I bought a new linen dress for summer.
I went through the Starbucks drive-thru and they gave me a free coffee along with my own that I ordered.
My fiancA(c) bought Battlefield 1 for me. 
I bought some really good oranges at the farmers market. 
I went out and bought some stuff for my birthday.
Last night I watched an episode of "The Waltons" with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks!
I purchased my boyfriend's favorite pizza for dinner the other night because the food that I cooked was no good. I surprised him with it and the look that he had on his face as he beamed with joy made me very happy.
I went up to visit my parents and see the new baby chickens they bought.
The cashier at the grocery store commented that she liked the conditioner I was buying.
I found a really god deal at the discounted meat bin at my grocery store and bought enough to get ahead.
We went to the store to buy paint for the dining room. We found a color we both agreed on and didn't know how much to get or how to be sure to cover dark spots on the wall. We talked to the sales person who explained why yellow would need two coats, preferably a primer and then a coat of the paint in the color we choose. He showed us what kind of brush to use to do the trim and even how to use it most successfully. We have been months on this project and it makes me happy to finally have the paint and the knowledge of how to use it.
We ordered pizza for work and my peers took my suggestion at which place to order food from.
I ordered a gift for someone, 'just because'. 
I bought chocolate and ate it while watching a movie!
I bought flowers seed,i plant it in the backyard.I wanted to do that quite some time. 
I bought a bag of delicious mandarin oranges and ate 2.
I went to my friends ice cream parlor opening function and i was very happy because i tasted a variety of ice creams and also bought ice creams to my family.
I bought myself a new computer.
I cooked chicken pasta.  I bought a bottle of white wine.    I ate dinner with my girl friend.  
I have found a good bank promotion, I have ordered a new credit card and obtain gift certificate for about 100USD
Yesterday 15:30 o clock I went to shop for purchase food for my dog joy. I went pedigree store for purchase pedigree cookies and foods. That shop owner told me a Sir if you comes with your dog we will take a picture with your dog and we will offer you 25% on every shopping I replied sure sir, wait I will go to home and come with my dog joy. Finally I was get back with my dog, that shop owner takes me picture with my dog and said sir your dog is so nice and good and clean, so we will keep this picture in our shop for customer views please approve your permission for this, We will make a good agreement, you can shop 1 year without money you donat want to pay, everything is free. I agreed with is agreement and said sure thank you. Shop owner replied thank you sir. You always welcome. I was really happy for this deal and agreement. Then came to home and conveyed to mom and dad both of very happy. What a great!! Very nice agreement. Thank you.
I met a nice person who bought me coffee.
I got in a shipment that I had ordered at the beginning of February and that I need for an event in April.
Something I ordered from over seas came today after weeks of waiting.
Another event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was being able to make a large leisurely purchase that I had wanted for some time. 
My new drill arrived via UPS yesterday. I have wanted an 18v cordless Bosh drill for YEARS and finally got it yesterday. Previously I could never justify the price since I already have a cordless drill, but by saving gift cards and watching out for sales I was finally able to purchase one through Sears. It made me happy because it cost me almost nothing out-of-pocket and I finally have something I want. I waited for the battery to charge, grabbed some scrap wood and drill bits, and when it was finally charged I gave it a test. It is exactly what I wanted and waiting as long as I have for it makes it that much better.
After we finished movie we went buy toys for my son he like digital toys I want to give him surprise so I buyed robot toys its talk and play music which is so good hear
I mam buying new shoes (just because). 
I bought a new comforter set for my bed.
I'm satisfied with the refurbished laptop I ordered from eBay.
A sales representative for one of the products that I sell bought me lunch today.
It was my daughter's birthday and I bought her a gift, a cake and took her to the movies to see "Logan."
My sister bought pizza and shared a piece with me.
Received an email saying I had been given a nice-sized bonus for work that I did weeks ago on Mturk and I had totally forgotten about the promised bonus so that pays for my dutch oven purchase and I'm one happy gal.
i went to olive garden to buy some amazing food for myself and the kids.
I found a five dollar bill on the ground and bought myself coffee with it.
I was able to buy new shoes yesterday.
I was happy when I bought a new case for my phone.
I shipped out my ebay item I sold and I got some money for it, now I have a little to spend and buy myself some nice clothes or shoes.
I was able to fix my office chair instead of spending a lot of money buying a new chair.
Later that night, we ordered pizza and watched TV.
This evening I checked a financial report concerning an interesting stock and decided that I will purchase it in the coming week.  
I found a great special on pineapples and as I don't get to buy them very often it was a real treat.
I bought treats for my pet going to the store and meeting a friend there.
Last night, I was delivered two packages of clothes I had ordered, being a pair of urban-recon pants in khaki that fit perfectly and I'm wearing as we speak, and two women's scarves that are the exact size of a shemagh but made of rayon that will be PERFECT for keeping mule dust out of my nose and the sun off my head while hiking in the Grand Canyon. 
Skateboarding alters your perceptions of urban space forever. Bland 1960s architectural eyesores become a creative challenge awaiting skate exploration. With the streets as your playground, loyal friendships are formed - a wolf pack of sorts - with whom you roam, hunting out new challenges and opportunities and Relationships with fellow skateboarders traverse international borders because the sport brings with it a global bond of sincerity. You know endless good times await - you're a global conquistador aboard four wheels and seven layers of Canadian plywood.. and when i fall my friends cheer me up. when i land a trick that the most never ending happiness.
buying clothing this afternoon.
I went to my grandmother's house to rolled my aunt's hair. So after I was finished with her hair she said that she would buy me some lunch. I was so happy and so I ordered some wings as my lunch. So she went to the bank because she didn't have enough money and just gave me a $20 bill. I was so happy that she was generous to give more than she was planning to give. 
My fiance bought me 2 bottles of wine.
I finally saved the money to buy the outfit I want to wear to my son's wedding next week and ordered it.
Made my amazon turking weekly goal and ordered headphones with a mike so I can listen to music while walking to the park and can complete more amazon turk hits that require audio.
I bought stuff for my kid's easter basket.
I ordered a big delicious pizza and await its delivery.
I went to wal mart and bought some food to cook.
My husband bought me a strawberry limeade from Sonic's, which made me happy.
The event that made me happy was when I used the new car that we bought to go to church.  It was the first time that we brought the car to church.
I ordered a weight set over a week ago and it finally got delivered today.
I bought caviar on sale.
Today, buying food for a family member made me happy because I had wanted to do this for this person for a while, and I finally got the chance to.
I ordered groceries online so I could get more variety than the gas station food.
I was able to win a few dollars when I bought a scratch off yesterday and it made me a good day. 
I purchased tickets to go watch Disney on Ice
The new book I ordered arrived in the mail.
The event that made me happy was when I bought my favorite food at a restaurant that we always go to.
I bought a new laptop and I really like it.
I ordered all my plants for my garden this year and some of them have already shipped.
t has been argued that money cannot effectively "buy" much happiness unless it is used in certain ways. "Beyond the point at which people have enough to comfortably feed, clothe, and house themselves, having more money a even a lot more money a makes them only a little bit happier."[25] "Spending money on others actually makes us happier than spending it on ourselves
I received an Amazon gift card for Easter which I'm using to buy some tools I have been wanting.
I was able to buy all of the football gear that I needed for my try out
I finished my fifth book and put it up for preorder on Amazon.
I bought myself a bra and 10 panties during Aerie's annual 10 panties for $35 sale. I always look forward to this every year because I can buy myself something cute and lacy and update my clothes!
It was my actual birthday and we spent the entire day together shopping for house stuff and got stuff to cook an awesome dinner which we ended not eating because we filled up on food at the restaurant for lunch.  We didn't buy anything but actually getting to go out with him was awesome.
On Valentine's Day, my boyfriend ordered flowers and had them send to me,  even though he expresses every year how much of a waste of money they are to him. 
I bought a new car 2 months ago. I was very excited because it was my first car. I waxed, and decorated her with sticker. Until now, I am still happy with her
I got some birthday money from my family last month, which was very helpful, and I was able to buy myself a small gift.
With my income tax I bought a new car for the first time in over a decade and a half.
I bought a new car.
An event that made you happy in the past 3 months is being able to purchase a car.
I felt very happy when I bought tickets to Vegas to spend a long weekend with my best friends.
I ordered a new pair of glasses.
My local grocery store got a large selection of Easter candy in stock for cheap and I bought a lot of it.
Everybody looks forward to begin a new year with great fun and enjoyment and wish that the year ahead brings them in, all goods. I too celebrate this great day with all the blast that I can.

Two days before the New Year, we start our preparations. We clean our house, get things in order, buy crackers and get them ready and we look forward to the great day. On New Yearas Eve is when we enjoy the maximum. From morning, we kids would be busy packing up gifts and planning pranks that could be played when the clock strikes 12.00 at night.

So much of fun is involved that we totally forget the passing time. Some years, friends and relatives stop by and we all join together to make it even more great. By evening, everybody is in full spirits and would be out. We sometimes go for partying and enjoy a great deal over there. As time passes by everybody starts getting excited.

When it is almost past 10.00 pm, the crowd enjoys and there are live telecast in the televisions to the celebration that takes place across the world. Each place would have a difference in their timings and accordingly the New Year would dawn. When it reaches almost midnight, the entire family would be out, bursting crackers, wishing each other and enjoying and welcoming the New Year. Churches would conduct midnight masses and most of the people would be attending masses to welcome a blessed and happy new year.
When i was finally able to find a stay at home job that was flexible to where I could still be home for my kids. It gave me a sense of independence again. Something I haven't felt like I've hadn't in a long time. The first time i bought my husband a gift with my own money made my life.
I bought my first 4k TV and switched back to Dish for a new customer discount.
When I bought my new iPhone 7.
I sold one of those NES Classics on eBay for like $400 and I bought it for $65, that seems ridiculous.
The day I bought my new dog.
When my little nephew remembered I was looking for a new wireless mouse and bought one for me as a surprise.
Last week I purchased a scratch off lottery ticket which I only do once or twice a year on a whim, and won a hundred dollars. I was overflowing with ecstatic joy for the entire day and still feel good thinking about it now.
I purchased a new car from my favorite car manufacturer. 
We bought a brand new high end model car and which was my long wish come true.
I dug up a large piece of land for a garden and surrounded it with rocks as a border to prevent grass from growing in. After doing so I felt accomplished and happy with my results.
I had to stay home from work for a couple days last month, as I was very ill with pneumonia. While I was at home sick in bed, my wife came home early from work. She had told her boss that she had an emergency to get out of work early, and she went and bought me a card and some soup from Publix, and a big jug of orange juice. She lied to get out of work so she could come home and take care of me and keep me company while I was sick. That made me really happy that she'd do something so nice for me.
My wife and I purchased our first house. It helped focus our lives from the nomadic moving of rental properties to a home we now own - and now onward to making a family.  We've had a great time decorating and setting everything up in the home to look as it should.
When I went to the dealership and purchased my first new car. 
I sold one lot (pack of eight) of these fungicides I bought for four dollars each for a price of $102.99.
My wife is a housewife. She is very fond of preparing food and caring for my kid. However, even after having a Bachelor Degree, she have not selected a career and instead she chose family. So on her birthday, Me and my son silently ordered a cake. We prepared to surprise her at midnight. We placed candles all over the room, and switched off the whole light. I was very happy that, it was my son who took the initiative. At 11.55 pm or so, he went to the bedroom and told her that, there is phone call from her dad. She was in a wakey wakey mood and came out to see the beautiful cake and room. She was blushed which later turned to happy tears.
Last week i bought a new bike, i was very happy.
I get to buy diary of wimpy kid and in that book I find a similar incident from my childhood and that was so awesome and it made me happy 
I bought a new online game and spent some time playing alongside my best friend.
My roommate bought me a cookie. She came out of her room and said "oh I got you something" and she brought out this mickey mouse cookie that she bought from work. She said she was going to attach a sappy note to it but forgot. 
When I went on to a market and purchased vegetables for a very low cost
I was able to purchase a drill press that I have been searching for at a steep discount. 
I was sick and my wife bought me ice cream and cold medicine.
Last month i bought a new model mobile which i was planning to buy for the past 2 months. at last i got my new mobile phone which i was very happy and there will be no more storage problem and i have a very good camera in my mobile and i can take pictures when i am going on tour.
I was surprised with a trip to Arizona. Tickets were bought for me and I went with my girlfriend over spring break.
My husband and I bought a new couch
My brother returned to his home town after visiting the Dubai.  He bought many chocolates and perfumes for me.
I bought the car I had been wanting for a long time. 
I can finally say that I owned a home.  I recently closed on my first home back in January of this year.  The buying process which started with getting a preapproval from the bank and ended with my signature was a very tiresome event.  I'm very happy that is all over with and have a place to call my own.
Last month i went to shopping and buy lot of toys for my daughter..its the happiest moment for me...
Two weeks ago I bought a dancer/freestyle longboard.
My boyfriend bought me a new dslr camera for our anniversary.
I am happy today because I finally bought a new vacuum cleaner!  
I purchased a new Toyota Tacoma SR5.
I left my headset and searched during my travel and was upset because I had bought it just two months before worth Rs 1500, which I saved hard. At that time, my room mate called and told that it was on the pillow. I felt very happy. 
I purchased a new car that I wanted for a long time
An event that made me happy was the I had bought the new iPhone 7. This was a big purchase for me because I have been waiting for this phone for a while.
New puppies arrived bought from the province.
I dream of buying a new bike and that dream comes true last month and moment make me more happy.
I bought a new car a couple of months ago. I was driving an old 2000 Chevrolet Cavalier. I sold it and bought a 2004 Mazda6
The day I went to shopping mall and purchase lot of things.
I went to the store with my SO and we each bought 20 dollars worth of snacks we thought the other person would enjoy. They've been making me happy for a couple weeks.
I found $20.00 on the street.  I think this was a great moment because I was having a bummer of a day and then on an empty street $20.  There was nowhere and no one to return the money to, so I picked it up and bought a coffee that I otherwise couldn't have afforded.  Lucky day.
I bought my wife a brand new car in February. It was a Honda Accord that we had been looking at for a couple of years now.
My girlfriend and I bought a car together. It was hard for us to scrape the money together, but we did it and it was very satisfying.
I mowed my lawn for the first time of the season and saw a nice, orderly area afterwards.
When the ordered new phone, which I liked for long, touched my hand is the most happiest movement ever. I enjoyed the feeling of having advanced phone in my hand.
about three months ago. i bought a new computer.
One of the events that made me happy in the past 3 months was buying a new laptop.
I bought a new car
I bought a new dog just 2 months ago, it was something I was planning on doing for a long time, felt good to have a new buddy alongside me
I was able to buy my wife a brand new car.
I got to buy a house!
I am always fascinated by jewellery with rubies and emeralds but I always thought it is expensive. I bought an expensive necklace made of emeralds and rubies last month and feeling very happy that I could afford such expensive jewellery.
My brother bought me a laptop.
My boyfriend and I bought our first house.
I bought 3 month back a land in my name this was my long time plan as my family does not own any land we lived only as tenant i am very happy 
We bought a new truck to pull our boat with this year....very exciting!
I made an investment in the stock market about a month ago and I bought a basket of stocks. At the time it was quite a nerve wrecking experience because I knew that I could end up losing money. But luckily, it turned out good. The stocks that I bought went up and I made some money. Not a life changing amount of money, but I considered it a good amount that I really appreciate. I was very happy with the results.
I was accidentally able to successfully argue the price of a purchase from $54 to $25.
I bought a new bird feeder system for my yard.
I bought a new professional grade mower.
I was happy to finally buy a new car after 15 years of driving the same one.
I started intermittent fasting as well as tracking my calories in order to take steps to a healthier life.
Coming home after a bad day and finding the new Star Wars movie available to watch after being on pre-order for months.
After buying a number of DASH coins (a cryptocurrency) at about $7 each in January, I was very happy to see its price rise substantially enough that I could cash out my original investment and see a continued increase in the value of the rest.
I purchased a new fully automatic washing machine last week for my house hold stuffs and it made me very happy.
I  purchased a washing machine for my family.
An event that made me happy was when I was accepted as a volunteer at the hospital in my town. I was even happier when I got there and got to work, doing something in order to make life easier for patients and staff.
I bought a new controller (Red Gear) to play games on my laptop.
When my new boss showed her appreciation for me joining their team by buying me a thing of flowers and having them waiting on my desk for me in the morning with a little note thanking me for all I do and how happy she is that I've joined their team and how great I do. 
two months back i bought my first new bike out of my own savings. i was very happy on riding it for the first time. 
I recently helped a close friend of mine buy a new car, something that she desperately needed, and helping her do this has left me feeling elated.
I bought a new bike which is my long time dream. I feel accomplished after bought this and went for a long ride.
I bought my granddaughter a new bike for her birthday. She was happy, I was thrilled.i was very happy.It was a beautiful day. I took my iPad and a glass of wine, at 4 o'clock in the afternoon.Get together with old friends.We know that sleep helps our bodies to recover from the day and repair themselves, and that it helps us focus and be more productive. It turns out, it's also important for our happiness.
I was happy when I saw that some cryptocurrency I purchased online increased in value.
I was extremely happy when I received the first items ordered for my babies nursery.
2 weeks ago, when I purchased my first ps4 game with the money that I get form mechanical turk.
I was very happy last week when I accomplished one of my projects. I had been planning all year to build a vertical garden box out of a pallet. Last week I went and bought the supplies and that same day I built and filled my pallet garden box. I still look out the window at it and am so happy. 
I went online to check for a board game that I had heard was very fun. I found that game for sale on Amazon and purchased it quickly. The deal was about 50% off and that really made me happy to get a good game for so cheap.
I bought a new townhouse and finally started paying into my own investment instead of renting; I also gained $30,000 in equity as soon as I bought it, which was a nice surprise. 
I was happy when I bought my first card two months ago.
Today I got my new sunglasses which I ordered from Amazon. This make me happy.
I purchased a smart phone for my Mother
I bought an excellent C.D. by natalie grant called "Love Revolution."
I bought a lottery ticket and double my money to $60.
In the past three months, the event that resulted in making very happy was my purchase of an electric scooter for my daughter and to ride around town! The scooter solved so many issues in our life, the biggest being we were able to get transport that matches our "green" goal.
My significant other is travelling overseas and I found out she had purchased a special line for her cellphone just so she could talk to me. 
Yesterday I bought 1.5 qt. of chocolate ice cream and ate it. Heaven!
I bought my new car and had a great discount on it.
I bought a new A/C last month so it made me happy
When my sister bought me one of the books I have always wanted to read. She gave it to me as a surprise. 
The moment i won a lottary ticket, got me happy because i could buy everything that i planned for that month.
I bought a tv for myself.
on Feb' 20th i bought one individual house in my own name.It is very big happy for me,Because it was my first dream in my life.So it was happened now.So still i am happy.

I purchased a new keyboard for my computer. 
I worked at an amusement park at go carts. There was a little boy and his aunt and they really wanted a blue car. Due to the order of the cars, he would not be able to ride in it. The only way was if I pushed several heavy cars around to make the blue one in front. Without hesitation, I did. They were extremely grateful.
I bought an exercise bike for 10 dollars. I went over and asked for it then payed 10 dollars for it.
I bought my dress for college graduation and became excited about the future.
My recently I acquired Acer Laptop, bought with hard work.
I finally saved up enough money to purchase a new vehicle.
Last week i bought Air Cooler, now i have been able to sleep well since i bought it due to this summer.
I bought a new car to replace the one that is over a decade old.  
I always wanted to by a bike. In my college days I was using my friends bikes. From that time onwards I was dreaming my my bike. I was saving money to buy bike and last month I bought the bike. I was on top of the world. I felt very exited. Till now I am exited.
I bought tickets to go home after 9 months abroad. 
Getting a book I'd had my eye on. I'd wanted it for ages. I'm a big fan of the Hannibal tv show, and I was finally able to purchase a book detailing how the show is made.
My husband bought me a great quality Sony headphones.
I bought a new phone (iPhone 7).
My boyfriend remember me and bought me flowers
I received a rebate from a retailer and a coupon worth 20% on any new purchase.
I was approved for a loan with a decent interest rate that allowed me to purchase a new car.
I worked and helped my wife pay bills but saved my spending money to buy a used car, i finally got it paid off 2 weeks ago i am so happy
It was happened when I was in middle school. It was a beautiful sunny day. I used to go to school at 8 and my school started at 8:30. When school started we learned our lessons. The break time was 10:00. So at the break time we ate our lunch in our class. That day my lunch was very delicious, so I ate very fast. After having lunch I went to the cafeteria as usual with my friends. Our school cafeteria was vey popular and its was famous for it coffee. Just across from the cafeteria the smell of coffee made us want to drink.

As we were close friends, we enjoyed making jokes together. We always teased each other while we are in the way. We all were 5 together; Ye Nandi is tall and slim girl, Aye Myat Khine is very small girl like a Thumbelina, Sett Lett Kg is a beautiful girl, May Chen is a cute girl, and I. On that day May Chen teased me all that way to the cafeteria. She still teasing me when we got to the cafeteria. When we got there we bought some snacks and drinks for us and looked around the cafeteria. We chatted with the other friends also. At that time the thing I had never expected to me. That was my friend, May Chen, teased me again and unfortunately my Longyi fall down. Longyi is our traditional skirt. The cloth is often sewn into a cylindrical shape. It is worn around the waist, running to the feet. It is held in place by folding fabric over, without a knot. It is also sometimes folded up to the knee for comfort. Similar garments are found in India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, the Malay Archipelago, and Juiz de Fora. Everyone was looking at me and laughing at me. At that time I donat know what I have to do. My face was red like a tomato because of my shyness. So I picked up my Longyi and dressed up my self and run straight to the class and cried a lot.
I have been working hard to repair my credit so I could purchase new furniture for my house, and I finally got a break and purchased new bedrooms sets for myself and children.
I bought soylent and it was delivered
Last night I watched an episode of "The Waltons" with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed 
I was able to purchase my dream car for less than 1,000 dollars, a cadillac deville.
I was happy when I bought my first house one month ago. 
I got approved to purchase a home.
One event that made me happy was the day I bought new equipment for my music production.
My husband bought me a new diamond necklace for my birthday.
When my boyfriend and I celebrated Valentine's Day together. It was my first time celebrating Valentine's Day with someone. I knew he had bought me some jewelry, which I was excited about, but I surprised him with concert tickets to see one of his favorite bands. We had a great time!
While shopping for some everyday household items I noticed that single red roses were on sale at the general store down the street from my house. I purchased one on a whim and delivered it to my husband at work. I enjoyed very much watching the surprise and pleasure on his face as he processed my impromptu visit. I smiled about the look in his eyes all the way home.
I found out about this book called Cripple Wolf, a gore trash book about a werewolf in a wheelchair, bought it and got it in the mail finally and can't wait to read it.
Well at the start of every year, I make new years resolutions but sadly they never happen the way I want them to. So this year in January of 2017, that's when it all ended for me making new years resolutions. I decided to make goals instead. I went out and bought a couple of planners and began right away feeling very happy because I knew that this would change everything if I only took the time to try and reach my goals each and every day instead of a new years resolution. This has been the best event yet to make me happy because it just feels different now than in previous years. 
I bought a car about 3 weeks ago and I absolutely love it, I am still happy and believe that I will be for a long time. It's the nicest car I've ever owned and it is fun to drive.

I was happy when my husband bought me a box of specialty chocolates for my birthday.
My brother purchased a dog and brought him home. 
I was able to save up enough money to buy the Oculus Rift Virtual Reality headset that I'd been wanting for a long, long time.
Last night I watched an episode of "The Waltons" with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks!
I am in a long distance relationship and so I never get to celebrate Valentines Day because it usually falls on a weekday. This year, even though it fell on a weekday, I visited my boyfriend in Canada and he prepared a home cooked meal for me and bought me a present. 
I bought a new car.
I got my headphones I ordered
Last night I watched an episode of "The Waltons" with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks!
When I bought some birthday gifts for my girlfriend. I found a really nice, handmade Lord of the Rings mug, which she will love. She is a huge fan and will be so happy about this. Her Birthday is in two weeks and I am already so happy. I can't wait to give the mug to her!
Yesterday, we went out to airport in order to receive my niece, who is returning back to mother country after her 3 months foreign trip.
My brother bought a new house with more land so he has more room for animals and my nephew to play on.
I've been working with and organization to help me get my house in order/cleaned/organized, because it's a mess, and we can't afford to pay for help. They finally started working on the actually project yesterday, and now I have a clean kitchen. Yea!
An event that made me happy was when my husband bought me a new cell phone a few weeks ago for our anniversary.
I bought a white motorcycle that I had been saving for the last six months. 
After a long time I bought a bicycle and started riding it on early mornings
I bought tickets and a meet and greet pass to see one of my favorite bands, and I was so excited because the last 2 times they have come somewhere near me, I wasn't able to go. 
I recently had a customer at work take time out of their day to come back to my store to tell my manger about the great customer service i provided for them. They had been in earlier that morning and i help them resolve a problem they were having with an item they purchased previously. Afterward they asked to speak to my manager who wasnt in at the time. They returned later that afternoon just to talk to him and tell them how much they appreciated me. 
I finally saved up enough money to buy my own car.
I recently purchased my first home in the town I was raised in.
The hand cart I ordered to help me move heavy objects arrived.
I recently gave my granddaughter gift cards for her to pick out her own clothes, for her Birthday.
 Her parents said that was best because she really had too much stuff.
 This way she could pick out what she liked.
 I gave her three for different stores. I try to respect the wishes of my son and his wife in regards to gifts, yet I tend to spoil my granddaughter at times regardless. This time I did only give her the gift cards along with one gift she could open up. I love giving her gifts and watching her open them. A few days ago my granddaughter Face Timed me after her and her mother went shopping, and she showed me all the clothes she picked out and bought with the gift cards I gave her she was so happy and had such a fun day of shopping. She told me she loved me and thanked me so much for all her new clothes and told me what a fun day she had. Things like this make me happy. It was special that she didn't just say thanks but actually showed me each and every piece she got and she was so excited. It was priceless and really made me happy. 
I was very happy when my boyfriend bought me all the Catan expansions for my birthday. We stayed up and played all the expansions on Friday night, and invited friends over to play on Saturday. 
I purchased a new pickup truck.
When I bought a brand new truck for the first time in my life.
I was able to purchase a new car recently; it was an exciting day that made me happy.
I was finally able to purchase a new bow front aquarium.  
I bought a new car.
We went and ordered my sons birthday cake and bought the last of his presents for his birthday.
My dad bought me lunch and took me to his work which i had never seen before.
I bought a Nintendo Switch
i buy a fire tv and a fire stick for my 2 tvs.
I bought a new car.
When I was able to help a friend navigate his first car purchase. I helped him navigate the DMV and how to purchase insurance and the costs that one incurs by buying a car. He thanked me over and over for helping him because he didn't know half the stuff that goes into buying a car/
I placed an order for an acne treatment that I have been wanting.
I was able to finally buy my car after 6 months being without
I was given a pizza by a room mate because he bought too much for just himself.
Seeing the look on my kid's face when she bought her something she had wanted for awhile.
My wife bought new bike with her savings.
I bought a new bicycle for riding around town and commuting to replace my old bicycle which was heavy, slow and too small.
My friend Francis sent me money to buy my daughter a birthday present
I moved bought my first house.
I bought a kitten
I had a good dinner. I was lazy and ordered out. I ended picking a healthier option for my side, a side of fruit. It was delicious. 
It made me very happy to buy a Windows Tablet with my own money last week.
My brother bought his first house, so now he has room for me to come visit.
While doing some normal shopping, I noticed a product I had been saving for was on sale so I bought it early.
I got a refund from a store for a purchase that I wasn't happy with.  Customer service was excellent that made me very happy!
I managed to buy me a very sturdy and heavy duty work bench that I wanted for a long time.
Last month, my daughter went on the big girl potty for her first time. This made me extremely happy as I have been buying pull ups the last year and now I no longer have to! 
It was the day where i bought a new  car..it was my dream to  buy a  car... it was such a great feeling for me.. a long ride with my family and felt very happy . i have done a lot of  work  to achieve  this.. am very proud of what i have done.. my hard works deserves.. thanks god for blessing me . this make my day very happy.!!
I bought a new computer.  It was very nice.  I also got a good price for it.  I felt really pleased.
I purchased some new clothes for my girlfriend.
I was able to buy my cousin an iPad after her having a years old cheap tablet.
Summer vacation. It was a long journey to Ooty from Delhi, but we thoroughly enjoyed it. We reached Mettupalayam by train. From there we took another train for Wellington. This journey, in the little mountain railway, was quite exhilarating and unforgettable.


During the journey we saw breath-taking scenes of Nigeria hills and forests. There were my maternal uncle, aunt, their little daughter Jasmine and 2 attendants to receive us at the station. We were overjoyed to see and meet one another.

The following day, and then on the week-end, we visited Ooty. On both these visits we enjoyed the beauty, freshness, food walking, horse-riding and excursions. Situated at the height of 2,286 meters on Nigeria hills, Ooty is a very popular and famous hill resort of South India. It is in the state of Tamil Nadu. Full of rich tourist- activities and possibilities round the year, Ooty was discovered in 1819 by the then collector of Combater, an Englishman, Mr. John Sullivan. He constructed his summer residence there. He was the first man to do so. He was soon followed by numerous other Englishmen. It then became the summer seat of Provincial Government of Madras.
The temperate coolness attracts a large crowd of people from nearby areas, provinces and distant parts of the country. Originally it belonged to the Toads, a hill tribe which still lives in the Nigeria Hills. This "Queen of the Hill Stations" is full of nice outdoor activities like hiking, boating, fishing, horse-riding, long walks, excursions and shopping. There is a big and wonderful botanical garden in the very heart of the town. It has more than 600 varieties of exotic plants and trees. We visited the botanical garden and then enjoyed boating in the lake.

We went to Deadbeats Peak in our uncle's car. From there we had an excellent panoramic view of the plains below. Is the highest point and boasts the height of 2,638 meters. There is also a telescope for the viewing pleasure of the tourists. We also visited and immensely enjoyed the nearby Sam's Park, a nice picnic spot full of many varieties of plants, trees, herbs and a fine pool full of lilies.

The shopping in the small but colorful market of the town is an unforgettable experience. Mother bought a few silk saris', spices and some other items as gifts for our friends and relations. I bought some special tea and items of woodcraft. Ooty, overlooking blue hills and lush green valleys, is a very pleasant place and tourist resort. There was a big crowd of Indian and foreign tourists.

We also visited nearby Connor, a small but colorful town amidst sprawling tea gardens. We thoroughly enjoyed our visit to this still station. We also exposed a number of films to capture beautiful and natural scenes, events and memorable moments. These photographs will help us to keep our joy and memories of the place ever new and fresh.
A bought the purse I have been eyeing for a while, but would not buy due to the price.
I popped into the local shop after a very long hard day at work to buy some tobacco and decided to buy a scratchcard with my change and won PS3000. I am still smiling now
My friend bought a house today. I was really excited to hear that and it made me feel very happy for him, because I know how hard he worked for it. I am very happy for his family.
I bought a new outfit that I had been wanting.
I bought a really cool video game called "For Honor". It was around $100 pre-ordered, but it was worth it, because I was happy with the quality of the gameplay.
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.
I bought a new Apple Watch series 1
I purchased a special tool that I have wanted for two years.
My wife came back from shopping and bought me an extra donut treat.
When my dad finally decided to buy  a new scooter for my sister. 
Trying to save up money to buy an Xbox for a specific video game that I want.
When I went on to a market and purchased vegetables for a very low cost
My girlfriend bought her plane ticket to come visit me and she told me by surprising me with a phone call.
I purchased a refrigerator last week. 
A small event in my life is that I picked up extra freelance work to help my household more financially and buy the the things we need that we couldn't afford before.

My in laws bought me a new set of heavy duty tires after I got a flat tire and worried about how I'd pay to fix it.
 Today about my new car. It was a great day.. I've been looking forward to buying it for months. It's basically my dream car.
I purchased a samsung j7 mobile last day.
One of my friend has bought newly launched TATA Hexa vehicle. When he bought that car for our outing, i drove the car for almost half a day. That driving experience is wonderful and that made me very excited all the day. Even though the event is small, happiness derived from that event is unforgettable. 
I decided to give all of my earnings from a casino to a local struggling school that bought books for their intervention library.
I saved up for and ordered a new camera for myself.
Taking grandson shopping and he only asked for one thing the whole time and the look on his face when grandma said she would buy it for him!
I have been driving the same truck for the last 14 years and finally saved a enough money to buy a new truck.
My granddaughter got a good job and buy a beautiful gift for me . I really happy that my granddaughter gift in his own money.
My wife let me go shopping for new tools. I was able to buy a new drill and was able to work on some great projects around the house.
I've made enough money on MTurk to buy myself a few extras that I hadn't been able to get for a long while.
I bought a Gucci belt. 
I bought a new bicycle for my 2 year old baby
i plan to celebrate this event with my family.so i go to restaurant with my family .they order good delicious food and enjoy their self.it is very pleasant memorable time in my days. i feel very happy to that time.it gives lot of fun to my self.it is very good time period.
I bought a new cellphone.
I bought a new car.
I bought tickets to see Twenty One Pilots.
my father bought the movie ticket for me and my friends . it doesn't expect from my father . he is my life and he understand my thinking and feelings also . so i would be very proud of the daughter of my father . my friends also very excited and they are jealous about my father . it make me felt very happy . 
I got to order food from a wonderful if expensive restaurant, and after indulging in such wonderful flavors I felt I'd eaten like a king.
My ex-wife and me worked out arrangements so that my daughter could fly out to California to spend my 40th birthday with me.  I bought tickets so that she could fly out, and booked a hotel at Disneyland for my family.
buy a new cloths which is look good colour
I bought a fancy camera in anticipation of an upcoming trip to Japan.
I'm a musician, and I found the opportunity to buy a rare instrument. I was not sure to get it, but everything when well and I could buy it for a incredible price !
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
My lady bought me glasses yesterday. Now I can see clearly.
I bought around 8 guns while I was on vacation.  I then shot them all numerous times while on vacation.  They all work great.  
The day My brother bought me a mobile phone when he came from abroad. I was very thrilled and excited to see the phone he bought for me.
When i bought my first guitar about a month ago.
Another event that made me happy is when I got a hold of the google chrome cast that I have bought last week.
I bought a new car
I ordered some makeup products online during a sale.
I got a new order from an old customer.
I bought a new game I'm still enjoying.
When I bought my new dishwasher.
I bought TitanFall 2 for the PS4 and tried it out; it's actually a great game.
I bought a car 2 months ago,that was the first vehicle i bought,I felt very happy and proud.
I bought myself a new tablet computer.
I ordered a new tripod for my camera and it'll be here tomorrow.
I bought a new android mobile for my personal use long time i been using only 3 g mobile now i using 4g mobile with full carama clarity I am really happy almost 4 month till now i am not familiar with most of options
I was happy when my husband offered to order carryout from my favorite sushi restaurant.
I purchased a trailer to put a tiny house on.
I bought a tattoo kit.
I got to buy new items to upgrade my kitchen from it's drab state to a more updated, less gross state last weekend. 
When I bought a motorcycle. Love riding it.
My friend picked me up when I was stranded.  I needed help as I would have been forced to car camp uncomfortably without this person.  This was last month.  My friend Chris picked me up when I was stranded.  I was very grateful for my friend who drove 2 hours to come pick me up.  My friend spent his own gas money and time to come save me.  I was stranded and going to be forced into some borderline life or death conditions.  I felt rescued and that I had a near death experience.

I bought new iphone
I ordered two paintings as a gift for my mother.
Another event that made me happy within the last 3 months was when I bought my new motorcycle. 
I've been trying to chase down a band I love, Avatar, and kept missing their shows. Last month I ordered tickets to their show next Monday and I've been so excited to see one of my "bucket list" bands.
Another event that had made me happy in the past 3 months is buying a new bicycle.
Something that I wanted to buy went on sale.
I bought something that I've been wanting on sale.
My friend bought me a cheap 500 dollar car when mine got repoed.
I was happy when my husband and I bought our new to us family vehicle.
A great support from my Father for my marriage:
My marriage talk started before an year, but few of my relations are unhappy with it. The main reason is Jealousy. They don't like that I'm getting married to a nice person, because they don't want me to raise in my life. So, they created a lot of problems in-order to spoil my name. My father helped me to get rid of those problems and confirmed my marriage finally. I didn't expect this from him. Hence I'm on the top of the world now.
When I Found my moms recipe for chili went out to the store to buy the ingredients and when it was finished it tasted like she made it her self.
I finally saved enough money to be able to purchase an appliance for my kitchen that I have wanted for a very long time
My family bought a house!
A video game I really wanted finally came out, I bought it and that makes me happy what really makes me happy is the simple fact it came out after all this time.
I bought my girlfriend a computer.
A customer at work is taking a trip to Japan and I asked him if he would try to buy something for me over there and he happily agreed.
I bought a new (to me) car
I bought a new guitar, I always wanted a baritone electric and I bought one. I just played it a bit. this was about two months ago.
My husband bought me a taco bell gift card as a "thank you for keeping our child alive for two years" on her birthday and it made me laugh and love him even more. 
My husband bought us season tickets to a local attraction.
I was able to buy my cousin something. She just lost her fiance and I wanted to do something to cheer her up. I sent her chocolates and candy. She said it brightened her day.
I bought my second android smart phone.
I am getting marry in June. In Chinese culture we have this tradition that the groom's family need to give a set of presents to the bride's family. There are many rules to follow about this tradition, such as how much money to offer, what to buy, who and how many people should show up at the present giving event. I was nervous that I would screw up the event but I manage to handle it pretty well, there were problems during the presents preparation stage but I solved it with improvement. I was happy to see the event went so well and happy to see myself able to deal with urgent problems.
Just last week I can recall feeling joyous when I received my new internet router form UPS that I ordered. I had been without online service for a few weeks because I just moved into a new apartment.
For about 4 month I wouldn't be able to listen music outside, because I haven't got headset and after 4 month I buy it.
2 months back i purchased another phone.
I bought a new (used) car.
I bought a new car two month ago and I was very pleased with the decision that I made when choosing a new one.
I bought a nice black three-piece suit for the first time.
I bought a new car to replace one that had been totaled in an accident.
Buying a new car. Last month, I bought a new car from a dealership. It was the first time I owned a never used car and it made me happy. I felt accomplished something big. 
This morning, I went out for shopping & purchased a new dual cool A/c for ny son & also immediately installed by the vendor for free of cost.

I have bought a ps4
I bought my ps4, got some money and i bought my new video game.
I bought a new Laptop.
I had saved money for buying a mobile of latest technology and finally 2 months back I bought my mobile I phone 7.
I got a new car for business 14 passenger seater a friend of mind bought it for me 
One event that made me happy was buying a car and signing all the paperwork for it.
I finally bought a special Infiniti automatic curling device.
Using my disability money I was able to buy a trailer (aka mobile home aka manufactured home). I now, regardless of what else happens, own my own living space, and have the security in knowing that no one can make me leave.
strongly believe that ordinary yet priceless things such as health, family solidarity and closeness, important people like friends who will always be there for you no matter what and job satisfaction can definitely lead to happiness. I am opposed to the belief that money makes everyone happy and replete. Although money and wealth are essential elements for human life as they help people cover their expenses, do things they want and purchase materials people want, I don't think that they are the determinant factors. Furthermore, self-contentment could be another important ingredient for us to be happy. We can be happy with however little we have only if we have the self-satisfaction and self-contentment. 
I was able to go out with my girlfriend to her appointment and bought us some very good Chinese food at a takeout store and to bring it home so we could both enjoy it.
I bought Google Pixel smart phone last month.
I bought tickets to a music festival.
My mom was not able to get me a jacket at christmas time because it was sold out, but she was able to buy it for me later and surprised me with it a few months later. 
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months is when DSCE finally made a support order and I started receiving child support.
My dad bought me a new car that I have been wanting for a long time!
I bought a new phone, it's top of the line and it's really expensive and I was saving for it for a long time and I felt happy to finally able to purchase it and use it.
Recently, I purchased a stroller/bike hitch for my dog, whose breed cannot deal with long distances but she absolutely loves nature. I haven't had a lot of good things happen to me up until these last two years. I got to buy a bicycle, with my hard-earned money, and bring it home so I can take her on long bike rides through the beautiful bike trails we have here. The feeling of being able to not only provide for myself, but for others is something I can't describe.
My birthday was a few days ago.  The employees in the office bought me cupcakes with purple icing.  The purple icing was to symbolize my favorite artist Prince.  I walked into my office and the desk was lined up with purple cupcakes.
Me and my husband bought a new house last month.
I bought a new car for my use which is the happiest moment
I purchased tickets to go see Metallica when they come to Arizona.
My husband bought me a dozen roses and took me out to a romantic dinner and evening.
When my daughter insisted to buy some food for an old lady standing on the street.
My husband and I bought an additional Russian Tortoise and were happy to welcome her!
I bought a new cell phone.
Another time I remember being happy is when I purchased a car that I had previously owned.
I found an experienced realtor that is willing to help me find a new home to purchase and sell for a profit.
When my husband told me he decided to quit his second job in order to spend more time with the family.
My husband bought me new comic books I couldn't afford at the time.
I bought a new fridge.
I finally bought a new car after saving money for years to buy it.
I actually won money on one of those lottery scratchers.  I usually don't put much faith into those as I usually end up winning nothing.  But I purchased one when I went to the grocery store as I had change for the machine.  I ended up winning $100.  I was so happy as it was so unexpected.  It isn't a whole lot of money but it was more than I expected to win.
Buying food for children that was begging in the streets of my town. My country economy is the worst of the continent and children are the number one victims of this chaos. I was waiting in the line of a local bakery. This 8-12 years old boy he approached me and asked me for some money to buy food, but instead of giving him money I decided to buy him 4 pieces of bread and 3 pounds of cooked ham. Besides that I bought 2 liters of orange juice for him. I felt very happy and satisfied for what I did, seeing the face of the smiling child, I knew I had done well.
I felt happy last week when the clothes i ordered online fit me perfectly.
This morning, I went out for shopping & bought a Diamond necklace which was my dream so far.
I got my tax refund back and was able to catch up on bills and purchase some items I've been needing.
Yesterday i went to shopping, I enjoy shopping! It is a nice way to spend some time. Can be social. It is always fun to try on clothes, see how they go together and plan future outfits.

It is also nice to see the new inventions they create. I watched "The True Cost" that makes me question and despise a lot of things in shops now. I can't help but get drawn in sometimes though. The shops market things in such a way it's hard to not enjoy shopping.

They make us want to buy things to improve our lives and feel loved. We/I need to remember that they are only material things. New clothes and furniture won't really change how people feel about us, once they get past the initial judgements.
I bought a new vegetarian cookbook with a lot of recipes that I enjoy
On my birthday ( a few days ago), my husband bought me a gift and made y day special.
When I was walking home from school I happened to find a five dollar bill on the grass that I used to buy pizza later that day.
I bought a new guitar last month.
Finding out that I can buy cherry airheads online, as cherry is my favorite flavor.
I had been trying to sell an old car and on this day my son called to say he got a buyer who has already deposited the funds in my bank account
I was having a bad moment with a tool I recently purchased and was getting frustrated. My youngest daughter came over and softly grabbed my ear from the back. I turned around and she smiled at me. It made me forget about what I was doing and gave me a sense of happiness that I cannot explain.
Yesterday we learned that our offer to buy a house will be accepted.
After saving up for a couple of months, I was able to purchase a fishing rod and reel that I've wanted for about a year.
We got a new border collie
We bought a stroller for our cat so she can come on walks with us
My friend bought me a game unexpectedly because I had really been wanting it
When my dad bought me my favorite candy.
Being with my youngest daughter (4) when we went down a big hill on a sled.  We caught the whole event on a cam corder. Listeing to her giggle and laugh was so much fun.
I went out yesterday to a public garden and read a new book I just bought.
I bought a new computer for a great price that I use to make money and play games on. 
I bought a blu-ray set from Amazon.
I purchased tickets to a music festival.
I bought a puppy. I welcomed the newest member to the family a couple weeks ago, he has been amazing in every way, and he is a pure breed!
Last month I bought a Wayne Gretzky rookie card on eBay and re-sold it for over a $1000 profit.
I bought a new tank for my e cig. 
We recently bought 7 chicks, so we can have fresh eggs.  They are very cute, and I love to go spend time with them.
My wife bought me a pair of t-shirts for valentines.
I bought a new phone and upgraded from my current one.
A small event that made me happy was when I ordered chinese take out and it arrived hot and delicious. 
I have some time now that I ordered out, so I'm looking forward to having some more down time. 
I visited my brother and his wife in order to see my niece be dedicated at their local church. 
I bought a Nintendo Switch.
My dad bought tickets to the NBA playoffs a few days ago and me and him will be attending the game this weekend which I am already excited for.
I bought new pants and slippers in preparation for my vacation.
I bought Iron Maiden tickets for the third time, and plan on making a summer vacation out of it.
My sister is buying a house nearby
I purchased a new car after my old one was having engine trouble.
I bought a new pair of shoes. 
I bought a golf cart.
I got a phone interview with a recruiter in order to get a job lined up for graduation
We ordered pizza and had a nice dinner.
I order a good $100 worth of shiny awesome fidget spinners to help me itch my brain, I have issues with attention sometimes.
My brother bought me a brand new tablet computer.
I bought my mother a cake for her birthday. 
I try to go out of my way to do nice things for people to brighten their day. I never expect anything in return. I went to work today and one of my coworkers had bought me a Dachshund Calendar, magnet and paper pad. I realized how much the little things I do are appreciated and she paid it forward.  
I bought a puppy.
Girlfriend and I agreed on vacation plans for visiting Ireland and bought the plane tickets we'll need.
on that day my family and me did celebrate my birthday with cake and coffee and other soft drinks. My mother asked me what kind of cake I would like to see on the table and she said I can choose two different pies that she will buy then. I said I would like to see a (Cheesecake) and a  (Bee Sting Cake). Then my aunt did call me by phone and asked me as well what kind of pie I would like.. I must explain that my aunt loves to bake Pies and she is master in that area! I answered that we will have already two different pies but I knew my aunt would ask her question again as baking is her passion and she did. I said I would like to see a Black Forest gateau There was plenty sweet stuff !!
I was happy when I bought ice cream about the store.
I bought a bottle of champagne and enjoyed mimosas with a good friend.  We got a little tipsy and a lot happy.
before a month i bought a new mobile phone for self purpose.though i have been using smartphones for ages I had a special bond with the new iphone i have bought.I feel like i finally found my right phone.I always feel happy whenever i see my phone.
I bought a new laptop.
I bought tickets for myself and 3 friends to attend a professional baseball game.
I was happy that I got a good deal on my oven when I bought it last week.
I ordered a new pair of sweatpants.
Last Sunday, we went to my parents house for Easter, and my dad had bought two little four-wheelers for the kids to drive around the yard. My three-year-old son got on one and after a little bit of initial difficulty was able to drive it around the yard in circles. Watching him learn how to do it and managing to drive it around the yard on his own made me very happy.
I was happy to finish cleaning and decorating my room after months of buying and deciding decor

Going to the grocery store and buying a sandwich only to find out it was free.
I bought tickets to go see my fiancee in Jersey.
I bought a new smartphone
I bought a branded watch for my son. He was really surprised to get it. I felt very much happy seeing his happiness.
I purchased a new laptop to do work on while traveling.
Last week I bought some new comic books and read them.
I ordered some items online for myself that I've been thinking about getting. 
3) My youngest dog hasn't been itcing much lately. I've bought him several things to help with his itching and switches his foods to grain-free, and so far, so good.
When I went on to a market and purchased vegetables for a very low cost
Last month i presented my mom with a new dress on her birthday and she was happy that her son remembered her birthday and bought a new dress. and i too felt very happy because i am seeing big smile on my mother's face after a long time.
My parents bought me a really tasty BBQ dinner and I got a moonpie for dessert.
for a week or so, I had a lot of really excellent hits, and as a result made more on mturk than I usually am able to, I was able to buy some much needed things
I ordered a familiar dish from a familiar restaurant, but it was unusually good.
One event that made me happy was when I bought my brand new Dodge Charger.
Another small event in my life  that  I  am happy to get out more and travel to places more that I couldn't before and do more things in life. Due to my aunt from of state more back home closer. And planning to soon buy an online small business which  feel happy about.
My husband told me he ordered my mom flowers for the anniversary of my brother's death and I was so touched that he remembered and thought of it ahead of time.
I saved up enough money to buy a newer car then the one I have had for a long time.
I decided not to buy a large fries on my way home from work.  Instead I picked up a couple of fruits from a local food stand. 
A few days ago when I finally saved up enough money to buy my first car.
I got a coupon in the mail.  It was a two for one at Jack-In-The-Box for one of their new sandwiches.  I jumped at the opportunity to buy of these because they are very expensive with out the coupon.
I purchased a new laptop which is helping to do my projects more efficiently and I am happy.
My boyfriend bought a new car.
Walmart had double charged me for my purchases 3 weeks ago and still hadn't refunded me my money.  I called them yesterday morning and they told me to come down for my refund, that really made my day
I have been hired to two separate well paying jobs and will soon be able to potentially purchase my own home.
i bought my dream car and i ride it with my friends
it is very good time in my career.it makes some good level to my career.it gives good financial promotion in my life. it is very good time and very pleasant time in my life.so i plan to buy a new car.it is very good gift for my family.
I got big discount offer from amazon and purchased a product at a very low price and that moment feels happy.
About a month ago me and my friend went to shopping and purchased lots of dresses. Then we went to see his sister kid and played with him. My friend carried me in steps and spend entire day with fun
I bought a box of baseball cards for fun on eBay.
I purchased tickets to a benefit dinner to surprise my wife, and she was ecstatic because she didn't think we'd be able to go.
I finally found a new chocolate bar that I'd been craving since I saw it advertised was released at my store so I could buy it.
When your online purchase finally arrives at your house.
When someone wants to take a picture with you.
When your dentist tells you you donat have any cavities.
My friend gave me a wonderful gift. I'm happy because I could not afford it. He gave me a watch on hand, they are expensive, and I can not afford to buy them. I am happy, because I have the watch that I wanted.
I purchased new Car
My cats have been playing with the new plant I bought.
 I would argue that these two tools, camera and video, play an integral part in different types of celebrations. First of all, most people have moments of their childhood and memories from childhood are captured in cameras. To illustrate, some of the most important events such as birthday parties, weddings, graduations and so on are included in these jigs and in this way the moment is captured and saved for a long period of time. Furthermore, as some essential and happy events are recorded, they could be used and displayed years later in order for some people to remember some significant events. A good illustration in my case is that on my 22nd birthday, my friends made me a really emotional video from all the years that we have been friends. Without the usage of the camera and video-recorder, this could never have happened.
Yesterday I finally bought a nintendo switch.
I bought a new scooty.
The result was published at around 11.00 am and I found that I did exceptionally well. I was so relieved and happy that I literally shouted. Then I hurriedly came back to our home and gave the news to my parents. They were happy too. My father bought sweets and my mother gave it to our neighbours. I felt excited, happy and relieved. At that time I was about 15 years old. 
I feel happy when i feed animals. We(humans) have made this world to live, money to spend and buy food for ourselves. How about these animals how will they ask. I feel very very happy feeding animals and the unconditional love they share.
Last weekend I received a package in the mail.  I ordered the package and it arrived the next day, making me happy because it got to me way sooner than I expected, and I really needed this item.
A third event that made me happy was when I found I had saved enough money to buy a Playstation 4. 
I bought a new computer. That is working with good condition. I enjoyed it. I downloaded new films and games in my computer. There is i gave the internet connection. Now seeing all films and news using by net. This is the first time i buy a computer in my life.
I went to our local garden nursery and bought a spider plant.
It was happy easter for my family after long time gap i bought new dress for whole family we were happy for 3 days
Last month my brother bought me a new smartphone that i always wanted.
I was happy because my girlfriend gave me a huge birthday surprise by organizing a party and buying me a present.
My preorder for my new phone will show up a day early 
My CPA boss ordered pizza for lunch last Tuesday (tax day) and it saved me money.
I purchased a brand new shirt, at full cost instead of on sale, that goes very well with my style at work.
Finding 20 dollars in an old pair of jeans and then buying a Vietnamese sandwich.
I bought a new iPhone after having an older one for several years.
My husband purchased tickets for me to go to a concert and surprised me with them.
The day I received a scholarship for next fall for school.  It is a small scholarship but it will help me with the purchase of my books.  I am paying for school without federal aid because I already have a degree.  I depend on scholarships and this was a wonderful thing to receive.
I had a shopping with my friends.  I bought many clothes and accessories.  I had so much fun.  
I found out that I won't have that many textbooks to buy for school next term. 
My coworker decided to buy me a dinner.
A purse I really liked went on sale and I was finally able to purchase it.
A watch I have been saving up for months went on sale for 20% off. I was able to buy it 3 months in advance! 
I am happy when I buy a new car
I bought a little, baby hamster, at the local pet store.
After a very difficult period I coud finally order some healthcare product for myself on the internet.
2 weeks ago, when I purchased my first ps4 game with the money that I get form mechanical turk.
I was able to purchase a video game I had been wanting after a while of saving for it.
I got to spend money on buying new clothes.
The fidget cube I ordered from a Kickstarter campaign finally arrived, and I was able to give it to my friend for his birthday.
bought new other house for my family 
I found out that I will be going to Sicily in order to work remotely from there for 6 months later on this year. 
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when I bought a mini washing machine earlier this month so I don't have to take trips to the laundromat anymore.
I got a chance to buy Lady Gaga tickets.
I purchased a 2nd monitor to help improve my productivity on the computer
I bought a box of cookies at the supermarket so every day I can enjoy one cookie while drinking coffee in the morning.
My parents bought a house and moved to my city.
IT purchased a new barcode scanning gun for posting our mail, making it a much more pleasurable job.
I was ordering Cuban sandwich and bought a starch off ticket and won 20$ 
i spent a lot of money for internet from 10 year , but i did not earn not even single dollar. now i have confidence that  one and only is mturk and first payment received through gift card same has been purchased as mobile , finally i received through international shipped. i think this is big achievement in my life. amt is small amt. but people are comment on me no of times not possible to make money thorough internet . now i proved. i feel happy and same has been share with my friends , now they are also inquired  abt my success. 
Last month i went to World Book fair event and i was very happy that i bought rare books with nice quality books.
yesterday i purchased a new embroidery saree. i liked it very much. which makes me happy.
I was able to purchase something I really wanted to purchase.
I love photography and longing to take this photograph for a long time. Loved the moment that the day I did it finally and posted, someone saw it & bought it for a decent amount.
I bought a new car which made me happy
Yesterday, my mother sent me some of these cookies from this Bakery called Tate's Bake Shop in South Hampton, NY, and all I have to say is that these are some of the best damn chocolate chip cookies I've had in a long while. (I definitely recommend them to anyone who wants to purchase any online.)
This one is a small one. Like I stated above, being a stay at home mom, I don't have a lot of time for me, and the things that I enjoy. As many people know, Starbucks released a limited edition drink, called the Unicorn Frap. I made sure to have enough in my budget to splurge and buy myself one. I was one of the first people at that location to order one. It wasn't as good as I would have hoped it would be, but I loved being able to get something for myself, and enjoy it in peace. 
I was just given a small sum of money with in the last 3 months, which allowed me to buy some new things for myself.
Yesterday, we bought an expensive & luxurious Benz car for our family.

I bought a new scooter for myself :)
I got a refrigerator delivered to my home that had an internal ice machine and water dispenser already inside! The thing is, we specifically ordered the basic model because this model was more expensive!  Their loss was OUR gain!
My grandma ordered me food yesterday. Me being a broke college student I don't always want to spend money on food so for my grandma to do that made me ecstatic. 
I bought new items for the house and was able to clean and fix up a few items.  After completing updates to my house and it looking much better it made me happy.
I received an anonymous message from someone who followed my writing blog introducing me to a website that would allow them to "buy me a coffee" as praise for my work. I submit my stories for free and often write things based on prompts that followers provide. This person wanted to give back and tipped me enough to buy a coffee as a thank you for all I had written. 
My sister-in-law bought for me a prettiest dress, made me happy.
I was so happy when I bought new which.
I purchased a new vehicle that would accommodate my growing family. 
I was going to a friends home and in railway station a stranger asked me to buy something for him to eat. He was very hungry. I gave him some food. 
Two months back we had planned to buy a car for our household. We have been searching for cars at reasonable prices and last week there came a offer at my bank that they could help out in purchasing a Hyundai car at a  very less EMI and an attractive price as well. I felt really happy and thanked god
When I first moved to Ellensburg to start college, I didn't know too many people on campus. I found a local pet store downtown and found a really nice Betta fish and bought a small 2.5 gallon aquarium to hold him in. He helped keep me company when I first moved and I bought him a lot of new toys to keep him happy. I like taking of my fish because it makes me more happy to see him swimming around and enjoying his new habitat.
I purchased an iPad Pro 
I found a piece of furniture on sale that I have wanted for a long time, so I bought it.
I was extremely happy when my girlfriend gifted me a phone because my older phone's screen broke and I was falling short of money to buy a new phone.
I decided to go to visit my mom in my country after three years and researching flying tickets to buy.
I bought a slow cooker.
I managed to sell a pair of Headphones that I didnt use and get the money to buy something I really needed and wanted for weeks, I was happy to do that.
my bike was spoiled in a accident, i bought a new car.
We just bought a new car, that new car smell the other day made me happy.
I bought a new monitor for my gaming PC. 
I purchased at a thrift shop a valuable and beautiful item for pennies, wow! 
While playing the lottery last night, I decided to buy a 20 dollar instant scratch off ticket and won 500 dollars.
The day I purchased my first PS4 console and new games.
I bought a new couch for the house. It's been a long time since I bought any furniture. It's nice having something new again.
Another event was when my husband showed purchased a diamond stud for me from US.
I had a problem with an order I placed online, so I e-mailed customer support and they gave me a $10 credit to apply to my next order.
I purchased one of my favorite laptop computers, an HP Pavilion Dv3.
Two weeks ago, I was very stressed out trying to figure out how I was going to make ends meet.  I am a widow and have three kids, so money is always a problem.  I was very upset, and then my vacuum cleaner decided to break.  I just sat on the floor and tinkered with it, trying to fix it, but it was a no go.  The engine had burned out.   I was so sad.  I just started to cry, and I never cry.   The phone rang, and I answered it sobbing and sniffed and my mom was on the end of the line.   She asked me what was wrong?  She said she had felt I was sad.  How she knew I have no idea.  I told her what had happened, and she said,. okay stop crying, your sister will be there in an hour with a brand new vacuum cleaner.   I about fell over.  She never buys me anything or takes care fo the kids,. nothing.  Suddenly she solved a major/minor first world problem just on the spot.  I was so happy.  I am like the least materialistic person you will ever meet, but this one time, it was really nice to get a gift.
When I ordered Indian food last month I was elated to try all the new spicy tastes I'd heard about.  It was just a small food thing but to me it was quite joyous as I now love that cuisine!
Another event that made me happy was the day I purchased a new keyboard to create music.
Yesterday, I purchased a book that I have wished for for more than a month.
My husband bought my kids new toys that they were very excited about. 
Turking.  I recently found mturk and it's been a good blessing so far, financially.  I am kind of strapped financially now and it gives me some breathing room and allows me to buy some things for my new apartment.
bought a new car about which I had been planning for some time.
I was very happy to buy a small toaster oven for our trailer.  I made minor food prep and making toasted food items SO easy an fun
A family member bought new tires for my car.
My husband and I recently moved into our first apartment together about 4 months ago. Despite it being a rough process, we started out with nothing but some laptops, phones, a tv, and a bed. Now, I look around our apartment and it doesn't just look like someone lives here, it looks like home to me. Everything here, we either bought with our own money we scraped together, or were gifted to us through valued friends. Looking around, I realize that my home is full of so many proud memories.
My lilacs are blooming more this year than they have in the 13yrs since we bought our house.
I bought a new car Nissan GTR 2007 model.

I bought a new apple watch.  I had been thinking about it for quite some time and finally thought it was worth the price.  I bought it and was super happy with it.
I bought eight Xbox 360 games for $20 last weekend.
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.
When I didn't have the exact amount of money needed to buy a necklace at the flea market, the lady gave me the necklace for the money I had. 
I got an online order in the mail it brightened my day, I love opening packages!
I recently purchased a new guitar and amplifier, which are two things that I've been wanting for several years.
An event that made me happy within the past 3 months was when I purchased my first new car. 
A couple weeks ago I finally bought the new Wrestling video game.
I was happy when I bought new shoes.
I bought a new mattress.
I was at the store and I saw the BEST unicorn poster ever, and I had enough money so I bought it and hung it up today.
I bought myself something nice.
My ex-husband just  bought a house.
Also, I bought two grand new suits for my two sons. The colors are purple & violet which are very attractive.
I was able to locate a piece of clothing I had been looking for and buy it.
I bought a scratch off ticket and won $100.
I found and purchased an environmentally friendly waterproof purse after having searched for over a year.
I got a really great deal on a computer for my daughter. I had been wanting to buy her a new computer for quite a while, but was unable to afford it. However, I was able to save enough money up, and when I was ready to purchase the computer, I got an amazing deal on the computer. I love getting a great deal, and was so happy to finally able to get my daughter her computer.
I purchased my own vehicle.
I bought new records for Record Store Day last Saturday.
We got a second car so I no longer had to drive my wife to work in order to have the car to take my son to school.
I felt happy when we bought a new car. Our family has needed one for a couple years now so it was nice to be able to.
I was in the drive through at chic-fil-a, the person in front of me had paid for my food that I ordered. 
I ordered pizza and wings a couple of nights ago. Eating that delicious food made me happy.
The result was published at around 11.00 am and I found that I did exceptionally well. I was so relieved and happy that I literally shouted. Then I hurriedly came back to our home and gave the news to my parents. They were happy too. My father bought sweets and my mother gave it to our neighbours.
I bought a new video game and played it for almost an entire day.
I was feeling very happy to purchase gifts for my brother in law and his wife on their anniversary a week back and blessing them from the bottom of my heart. 
I bought my wife a new laptop and she absolutely loves it!
I learned that Walmart has an online grocery shopping website where you can order your groceries and just pick them up. I never enjoy grocery shopping. I love all other kinds of shopping, but not groceries. So I placed my order, and picked up my groceries at a set time the next day. When I got home I actually enjoyed putting the groceries away. Although I picked all of my groceries out online, it was sort of like a treasure hunt, going through the bags and finding the things that I ordered and some things that I really like.
I found a new home to buy.
When I was able to save up to buy a new phone and when the phone arrived it was perfect.
I recently was able to save enough money to buy a cosmetic product I've been wanting for a long time. 
"The first night we met, I was unemployed and she was far too attractive for me. When I reluctantly told her about my employment situation, she calmly responded 'Well it looks like I'm buying your drinks for the night then!'. I knew she was something special, a year later I asked her to marry me. We've been together 10 years and have two kids. She stays at home and now I buy her drinks."
I recently bought myself a new car, a jeep patriot and driving it thus far has made me happy. The new expense is already annoying me though. 
My coworkers bought me breakfast for my birthday.
I was able to get enough time to tile the garden in order to be ready for planting in the next couple of weeks.
I bought a soft new cashmere sweater at an estate sale for $6 and it was cool enough that night to wear it.
I have gotten my house more in order which is a big weight off my shoulders.
i bought a car
I was finally able to buy a new car.
I purchased the cat I always wanted for 4,000$ and he's been the best thing in my life in so long.
I was able to find a Magic card worth $3 in the bulk 25C/ bin at the local card store. I bought it and am planning to sell it online to make a little bit of profit.
The day (April 19th) when I was able to go into town [ 60 miles away ] and buy food supplies. 
I bought some new iced tea flavors to make at home.
My partner and I recently purchased new mountain bikes that we were very excited about.
My tax refund was offset by 5,306$ for past family social security debt, I fought for it and submitted a waiver of the overpayment, and I was granted the waiver. My tax refund was given back to me in full and I was able to pay off other debt and purchase a new laptop. This will always leave a good taste in my mouth, and comes to show that if you persevere you can succeed.
It made me happy, yesterday, when my oldest daughter brought me a bromeliad, from an art district, she visited in Miami. She FINALLY has a job and has worked enough where she has money after her bills are paid, to buy a pretty, not cheap, plant for her mother. It's the first time, she has seemed like she's getting along well in life and I'm so happy for her, (and me.)
I bought a new car
I bought a new home
I was happy when I purchased my fitbit, because I felt that I had acquired technology that would assist in making me more healthy.
I sold my house in order to move in with my fiancee.
I bought a very nice dress last week. It made me happy because I think that it makes me feel younger.
I was very happy when I bought my new desktop computer.
I bought a Moog Mother 32
I bought a new truck and I still enjoy it every day
My wife bought me a nice Rolex that I have always wanted
I got Bullet bike last month and that made me happy and I got the same color I wish to buy.
I bought/ordered the tickets for my child to fly home from college.
The new GPU that I had saved months to buy arrived.
I bought my first new car.
My wife and I were able to purchase a camper to enjoy many years of family fun.
I bought a new car.
The past month I was able to buy a new car.
On Valentine's Day, my husband surprised me by finally buying me a wedding band to wear with my engagement ring after almost 5 years of marriage.
I bought a new car.
My husband and I won $2000 on a lottery ticket and were able to buy some nice items for the house that we've had on our wishlist for many months (lamps, air conditioner and crockery).
I purchased new clothes for myself and my family.
Someone I didn't know bought me lunch.
I bought my mother tickets to a Broadway show
A lot of people are buying tickets for the fundraiser I am planning.
My husband bought me new kitchen cabinets 
I was able to order the Nintendo Switch recently from Amazon.  
I purchased tickets for a concert for me and my husband's favorite 80's bands.
My girlfriend discovered a new genre of paintings that she really enjoys, and I bought her a book. 
It made me happy that my friend who previously said they would look for houses for me to buy sent me one via text. 
Last week I bought a bike online and put it together all by myself for the first time giving me a sense of accomplishment every time I ride it.
I bought a Mazdaspeed 3, a car I have been wanting for months.
I realized I could get a nicer car than the one I was planning on buying.
I was upset that i had to get my cat fixed and I had been worried about her, I saw how much my boyfriend cared about her and that made me happy. One day he bought her chicken nuggets at McDonald's and cut them up for her to eat. It was cute and re-enforced he cares for her. 
I bought a role playing game boxed set yesterday that I wanted.
I purchased my favorite ice cream bars that were in stock at the store yesterday!
It made me happy to buy my favorite video game with my own money.
I bought a house with my girlfriend.
I purchased a new computer that will greatly improve my productivity when working.
It was happiest of  great day in my life. it was my friend wedding .. we all reunion day.. after  a long gap  we bought together and a best time out there.. we are all same crazy.. lost of fun.. chill beer. cocktail.. dance party !!!.. wow best moment.. really enjoyed a lot ..  it makes my day very happy..
I bought a new home!
I was happy in the days we were visiting our son, wife, and granddaughter out of state to celebrate their purchase of their new home. 
My coworkers buying me a sunrise cake and card for my birthday today 
two months before there was a severe water scarcity in our street and we had the necessity of buying water for high prices.But nowadays by god's grace we are relieved from it and ground water got restored.It was really a happy moment for me and my family.
I bought a new grill and was able to use it over the past weekend and made some really good food with it.
My husband and I bought a new couch.
I purchased a ticket last month to see my girlfriend.
I purchased a new laptop brand is Dell.
I figured out a software solution for a customer.  It required doing several screen-sharing sessions and calls in order to fully understanding the issue and plenty of research to find an acceptable solution.
The big event that made me happy was buying tickets to see wango tango concert in los angeles.
My daughter and Niece found an inexpensive house to rent. It is their first time moving on their own. It makes me happy that they are so diligent in saving and preparing, they moved out, bought all new stuff and still have thousands in the bank for savings. I am happy and proud.
I bought a new Michael Kors purse last weekend!
I got my first dog. I had been looking and wanting a dog for years and finally went for it. I now have a perfect dog named Bandit, who is a border collie mix. He is 4 and adopted from  a shelter. He's my newest best buddy and I already love him so much. 
I bought a new camper trailer last week.
I bought my ticket to visit New York City to visit my girlfriend.
I bought a new 4g latest mobile with nice features.
My Husband bought me flowers just to say how much he loves me.
I bought a new car two months age. I have been planning for this for last two years.
I went to Shopping Mall and purchase many things.
It made me happy to see my mother accomplishing the purchase of something that she really wanted and searched for a while.
We celebrate my 26th birthday in my home town.My family plan to celebrate the function very grandly,they arrange some special foods in my house.I am very proud to my family.We start the birthday celebration at 7.30pm in my home,we buy a special BLACK FOREST CAKE my birthday celebration.My father gave a I-PHONE my birthday celebration. I cant forget the moment in my life.
I took my son to Tim Hortons, and bought him a smoothie.  He was so excited that he was jumping up and down.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was the purchase of my first home. I felt an overwhelming sense of pride and accomplishment.
I bought a present for a kid for their birthday.
My mother bought surprised me by visiting my office for the first time last month.
Just the other day my roommate bought me pizza for cleaning up, it was unexpected and made my day.
I was happy when I purchased my second car for work.
I bought a new cellphone.
The moment I realized I could afford to buy a house in Florida.
The day I bought a new TV because it was a huge upgrade.
Yesterday I bought new LED TELEVISION.
I have bought a used car and it is my first car that I have and it makes me quite happy. 
I bought a new phone.
We recently purchased a new car.
The biggest event in the past three months was, without question, buying a house in West Orange that allowed my wife and I to leave New York City behind.
I was made happy on the day I called a loan officer to get pre approved to purchase a home, and she offered to sell me her house that I LOVE!
About two months ago my brother bought me Final Fantasy XIV to play with him in my free time. It made me excited because I rarely get to do anything with him any more since he moved away.
my friend's birthday party, last month, we went for a meal in an indian restaurant.
 there were about 10 of us, he invited some close friends and work colleagues, most of them were people I've known since university.
we met at the restaurant, I gave my friend a present and a birthday card, we ordered some food, while we ate dinner everyone chatted, after the main course the waiter brought out a cake and we sang 'Happy Birthday', everyone went home quite late
it was great to get together with old friends, I had some interesting conversations, it was a good opportunity to catch up with what my friends had been up to, it was a nice way to wind down after a hard week at work, the food was delicious, I went home feeling full after a fantastic meal.
I bought my first brand new car.
My son has ASD (Autism Spectrum Disorder) he has been on a waiting list for speech therapy rehab for one year. Finally I got a call from the Rehabilitation center saying that he has been accepted! I was so happy!
My brother and I bought tickets to a baseball game for my dad for his birthday.  He got very excited when we gave the tickets to him.
We bought new furniture. I love my new table and I can't wait until my new bedroom suit is delivered. 
I bought my first house in mid-March, negotiating the terms of the purchase directly with the owner without real estate agents.
I felt happy when I signed the papers to buy into the practice that I have been working in for almost two years.
I saw a glassblowing demonstration that was so amazing and then bought a piece of art from the same place. 
I has happy my husband complimented me on a new dress I bought for vacation
We recently bought a dog for our kids, and seeing how happy the dog made my kids - made me happy too!
I bought a new Kindle so i can read more books now.
I purchased the final bits and pieces that I needed to compete my DIY project.
I bought a few camera lenses for taking photos of my children.
I recently bought a new car.  I had been driving one of my parents old cars for almost three years and it finally was not worth putting the time or money into fixing.  I used some of my savings for a down payment and I am so happy that I now have a reliable mode of transportation!
i buy a new home
I bought U2 tickets for me and Rebecca, to see them play in July.
I was very thirsty while traveling in the sleeper coach AC bus,10 days before. No time to buy water in the way. At that time they gave a juice in the bus as a compliment and quenched my thirst.  
I went out with a friend of mine to a local event.  While there I found an art print I really liked, but I did not have the cash on hand to buy it.  He ended up buying it for me as a surprise. I hung it up the next morning. 
In the past 3 months one even that made me happy was when I purchased my new motorcycle; it is an exhilarating feeling having the freedom that a motorcycle gives you. 
I bought a new guitar.
My girlfriend returned as she was out of town for a few days.  I decided to surprise her by writing her a card and buying flowers for her because she recently finished her university school year.  She was surprised and came up to me and told me how much she loved me and gave me a big hug and kiss.
I was happy when I bought  my first vaporizer for $59.00. 
I bought myself a new smartphone about 2 months a weeks ago, which was an extremely happy moment for me.
I purchased tickets to go to Riot Fest in Chicago. I've never been to a music festival, to Chicago, or on vacation with my wife before. So this will knock out all three of those.
A moment that made me happy was my birthday party that I had last month. We dressed in 1920 clothes and took silly photos. It was a `1920s theme. My friends came over to help me celebrate the occasion and to push my head into the cake. We laughed and joked and talked about the silly stuff her little ones do. The love of my life bought me a birthday cake even though I told him not to and he bought one he knew I would love because I am picky when it comes to cakes.
I was able to buy some very popular shoes for a friend.
I bought a certain brand of shoes that I have wanted and saved up for so long.
I bought a new car for my wife and the look on her face made me happy.
I recently purchased a vacuum cleaning robot. This is so helpful because my dog sheds year round.
I ordered new luggage after returning from a trip.
I found a pair of Red Wing Iron Ranger boots for massive discount online and was finally able to buy a pair I've been wanting for a very long time.
I bought a bicycle last week. It took me awhile to make enough money to purchase it. It was great considering I can barely walk anymore.
I bought myself a Playstation 4 for my birthday. 
I bought a new TV for a low price.
I buy a fire TV and installed Kodi on it.
My order of new Magic The Gathering cards got shipped to me last Friday, and I couldn't wait to open them.
My boss bought our office sandwiches for lunch at work.
I bought a brand new car.
I was able to buy a e-book Humble Bundle within the last hour of a flash sale.
I was able to find a Nintendo Switch and buy one.
I bought a new house with my fiancee!
It made me happy when my sister got approved to purchase her new home because this was something she has worked for, for a long time. 
My brother bought me a new purse
Another event that made me happy in the past 3 months was being able to buy my girlfriend a surprise gift.
I bought a game that i was waiting a couple of years for, that was almost a month ago and i'm still playing it the game is awesome and I'm so happy that it was even better than expected.
I have ordered liquid BandAid from Amazon and that got delivered too and that moment feels happy.
I bought a cheesecake from Kroger.
I bought my toddler son new toys that he loved including, hot wheels tracks and light up balls.
Found a pair of headphones right before I was about to purchase new ones.
I bought a Nintendo Switch.
I purchased tickets to a comedy tour that I am looking forward to.
When the food I bought last week hadn't spoiled yet.
I made a big home theater purchase, that I was very anxious for.
My friend bought me a coffee.
I went to the grocery store with my crush to buy pizza ingredients then we baked pizzas together. 
When i saved up enough money to buy this canon mirrorless camera iv been wanting for the past 2 years
I purchased my tickets for RTX at a discounted price.
I was happy when I bought my new tablet. 
A special edition book I ordered arrived in the mail.
My mom bought me a new Bluray player as a belated birthday gift to show that she loves and cares about me.
I bought a new computer for the first time since the year 2012.
My wife and I bought a weight bench, squat rack, and a some weights for our garage. 
I bought a new car. 
I bought some new spring clothes at the store.
My mom bought a ring for me that I've been wanting
I bought the Nintendo switch.
I purchased the new Depeche Mode album that I had been waiting for at least a year to come out. 
I bought an electric toothbrush that has made a much bigger difference in my life.
I bought a brand new lawn mower. 
My wife and I bought charity tickets to dinner that we've been really looking forward to.  
I purchased my son a toy at the toy store.
The purchase of a new TV made me happy. 
I went shopping and bought new tops, shorts, sun dresses and sandals for summer and our vacation this summer.
I bought a house last week! I finally saved up enough money for a down payment on a new home. I am really excited about moving because I outgrew my current home a long time ago. I can't wait to move in.
I purchased a new bike 2 week ago.
I buy new phone.
My boyfriend bought me dinner from my favorite restaurant. 
I bought a bunch of new shirts that I really like, and they all fit well!
I was very happy when I was able to purchase something for my spouse that he really wanted at almost one third of the original cost.
my gf bought me a pack of cigs
Yesterday evening after returned from tour took my son to buy his birthday dress which made him very happy. His happiness made us happy.
I ordered a new computer chair.
In March 2017, after months of searching, I purchased an electric moped to provide an environmentally friendly, safe, and fun transportation that both my daughter and I can ride on! 
I bought school uniform for my son with my own money. Usually I wont have any money left and my husband will pay that. This is the first time I spent for my son's schooling.
I bought some new furniture to redo, kind of a diy thing. I redid a coffee table for my daughter and niece and they loved it for their new place.
I bought tickets to a festival in September with a lot of bands I'm excited to see and I'll get to spend time alone with my husband without the kids.
Walking through target a few weeks ago I noticed they had Mother's Day cards out. Normally I wait until May to buy cards, and by then the options are pretty picked over. Something on this day told me to look then, even with Mother's Day being over a month away. I found the best cards. Silly, but it made me feel accomplished.
I bought myself a beautiful hot pink Michael Kors purse that I had saved up for last month.
We bought a brand new car.
I was able to buy concert tickets for my favorite hip hop artist.
I bought a new bracelet.
I was about to afford to buy a new car that I had wanted for a long time.  
I purchased my dream car last month, so happy that finally i have it.
Last month i bought a new YAMAHA R15 bike in my office usage.I love my Yamaha bike,i am using the bike my family usage also,my elder brother also ride my bike when i went out side with out my bike.My bike very useful for me and my family members.
I bought a new tv.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I received an order from Amazon for action figures I was waiting for.
we bought a new sofa.
I purchased a new television (an OLED) that represents the pinnacle of picture quality.
My wife bought me a painting of a cat to commemorate our anniversary. 
I bought a new internet mobile connection last month. The offer was that the connection will be free for a month. Yesterday, the company made an announcement that it was extending the free service for another three months. This means I don't have to pay anything for the next three months as well. Boy, am I happy! Free data.
I bought the game Horizon Zero Dawn and was blown away by how beautiful it was.
My sister bought me an American girl doll.
i purchased 2 sarees for my cousin's marrage. i liked it very much.
I bought a pinball machine 
I bought a new guitar from the store.
We are in the process of buying a piece of land next to our house. It will make property bigger and guarantee our privacy.  
I bought an all in one pc for cheap on ebay.
The day after Easter, my girlfriend bought me a discounted white chocolate bunny as is our yearly tradition.
I bought a new pair of shoes. I have wanted these shoes for awhile and found them on sale.
I can remember many happy events of my life and out of those, I would like to talk about the event that I can still remember vividly regarding my success in the board exam. The moment I heard that I had been awarded a scholarship based on my performance in the board exam, I became the happiest man in the world. This was indeed a very happy moment for me as it is something I was looking forward to achieving and the news made my parents quite happy and proud.

I spent almost a month with great anxiety regarding my result publication. I started speculating so many things and many of them were negative. I could hardly keep away the tensions about my upcoming result. The result was so important that my college admission would mostly depend on it. I could not sleep well in the night before the result publishing. I think this is a common anxiety for students and I was familiar with this type of anxiety. However, this particular exam results game me more nightmares than any other time of my life.

The result was published at around 11.00 am and I found that I did exceptionally well. I was so relieved and happy that I literally shouted. Then I hurriedly came back to our home and gave the news to my parents. They were happy too. My father bought sweets and my mother gave it to our neighbors. I felt excited, happy and relieved.
My friend name is Sathya. He is my childhood friend,he is help me lot of times and my bad situations. Last month he bought a new car to his own money.I feel very happy and proud of him.
When I bought a new bicycle. I enjoy going for long rides and for the scenery.
I bought a suit for my wedding. It was really nice. 
the happiest moment is that i bought anew bike
I bought a new to me car and brought it home on a sunny day. 
I caught a 90% sale on some game development courses. I bought 2 from Udemy, It would have cost $400 total but I only spent $20!
My son was able to purchase his dream car after waiting for two years, while driving a lemon. A Dodge Challenger made him so happy.
We purchased a house in the area which is known as heart of our city. 
i buy a new home
Two weeks ago we purchased a new camper for my family to go camping in together.
The morning before I was going out with some friends before my birthday, one of them called and asked if I wanted to go shopping with him.  While at the store he told me to pick out a birthday cake and purchased it for me.  It was also a very delicious cake. 
A package I ordered that I thought the company I purchased it from forgot about suddenly arrived in the mail.
I bought a new car for my new job, a 2014 Ford Focus.
An event in the past three months that made me happy was buying a new car.
Found, and purchased, a book I had been searching for for a long while
My jalapeno plant in my vegetable garden has a pepper on it even though it is from a flower that was on it when I bought it and I expected it to drop that flower when it was transplanted into the garden. 
My husband bought gas for our minivan yesterday so I wouldn't have to. 
I bought a new car to replace an old piece of junk I had because I got my raise I was hoping for.
I bought a new camera
I bought a new dog who actually listens AND doesn't poop in the house.
I bought a new laptop.
The next most recent event was when I purchased a capacitor for my heat pump air conditioner. I spent all day Sunday in 90F degree heat with no AC. I could not find the part I needed anywhere until Monday afternoon. Now I has cooling again.
We are buying a house.
I finally reached my target earnings in mturk so I can now finally buy the stuff that I wanted for so long.
Yesterday when I bought my ps4 game called project diva future tones
I bought some ice cream and ate it.
when my dad bought me my favorite casio edifice watch.
Today I bought a new phone after my last one unexpectedly broke.  
I was able to buy my wife some diamond earrings.
my parents bought the toys and pets previously for the upcoming grand child 
I bought myself a new sound system for my bedroom
I bought a new game Darksouls 3.
I buy a new air conditioner for my house.
One event that made me happy was buying a new car.
I was able to order a pizza off Eat24 within 10 minutes of the closing time.
I helped a friend of mine pick out her new car. It is a great car, and replaces a clunker she has been driving for years. She bought a Toyota Prius.
My aunt and uncle bought me a delicious breakfast at a nice restaurant I had not hear about
I bought many food items today on clearance.
I bought a new motorcycle
I bought a new car full option and It makes me happy.
MY husband and I bought some land!
I bought a new toy for my kids
I bought a new trimmer and edger, it works well, and it is very light and easy to use.
A coworker ordered pizza and shared with everyone in back on their breaks.
I received a gift card so now I can buy something I was saving for.
My mother bought me a purse as a gift.
I was able to buy new used car after 5 months of taking taxis everywhere.
I bought a Playstation 4 because I was working extra hard and deserved it.
I got pizza with my wife from my favorite pizzeria, which she doesn't like so usually won't let me order from.
My student bought me a gift, a nice notebook.
This last event was learning that my parent bought me a new car for my birthday. 
Donald Trump's stupid border wall did not get funded by Congress in the current budget at least. 
Today I ordered myself some Olive Garden To Go and ate some Shrimp Scampi with white wine sauce, yum!
My tv broke, but I wanted a new one anyway, so I ended up buying a really nice tv which I love!
My husband bought us a set of vegetarian cookbooks so I can pick out recipes for him to make for our dinner.
I bought a lawn mower and told the landscaping company I no longer need their service which will end up saving me $80 a month.
My wife bought me a record I have been looking for
I went to the store and bought over a dozen matching red petunias to plant around the front of my house. I also have other red lawn furniture in front to match the new flowers. This is bright and lovely, and makes me very very happy.
i felt happy last week when i bought a new car.
For me, such striking 2 Months ago occasion event was the light show of moving wellsprings. All the time people don't remember their well-ordered timetable, in any case, if something customary or extra standard happens. It can be basic and striking for whatever is left of their lives. I saw this show curiously as of late and feel so happy.
My friend bought me all my favorite snacks!
I bought a new pair of shoes after a long time.
What made me happy was being recognized at work for coming in on my day off in order to help out my coworkers on a busy day. 
My husband bought me a new guitar 
A few weeks ago I purchased a new pair of sunglasses that I like a lot.
I went to Guitar Center in order to trade in some old music equipment I had, but had not used in a very long time. I expected to walk out having gotten very little for the gear, but to my surprise I walked out with $400 for equipment I hadn't used in years. 
Third Eye Blind announced a tour where they are going to play their first record in it's entirety which I purchased tickets for. 
I managed to buy tickets to a harry potter play.
I received extra toppings on the pizza I ordered.
I bought my aunt a shirt with a giraffe on it.  She had been watching some stream about a baby giraffe in a park.  It made her very happy to get the shirt after the stream ended.
I was able to buy something I wanted to buy for a long time.
My mom bought me some oatmeal.
Something I bought on-line was delivered today.
My friends bought a house closer to me and won't move away to another state.
got a pleasant surprise from dad.. he bought a car for me . i was really superb feeling .. everyone loved it..  felt very happy.. thanks dad !!
I was happy when I had purchased a video game that I had wanted for a while.
I got a big sales order.
I bought a DJ controller and started learning how to DJ.
I was happy to buy new, colorful area rugs for my home office.
The engagement ring I bought for my girlfriend came in the mail. 
I was happy to find a pair of shoes I was looking for in the store that I quietly bought to wear.
I purchased decorations for my living room at a discount, painted them, and hung them up and they look great!
I was able to get the medicine I needed in order to sleep after having difficulty making an appointment with the doctor (appt wasn't for 2 months and I was running out of medication which would result in an ER visit).
Making the decision to buy a game console.
I was in New Orleans and I ate at one of their popular seafood restaurant. The ordered gumbo, shrimp and okra. It was so delicious that I intend to go back there again.  
I bought a new laptop computer.
I bought King of Fighters XIV from Amazon.
We bought a house that is perfect for our needs. 
I bought a new fragrance last Tuesday for myself that smells very nice.
One small event that made me happy in the past 3 months was buying a couple pairs of shoes because first off, they were buy one get one free and second, the shoes were really cute!
I feel very happy recently when buying my new car, after a couple of years of savings at the bank and was very cheerful and motivating for me. This has been great.
I felt happy when I purchased my used truck because it was exactly what I wanted.
I bought a brand new motorcycle for myself.
I traded in my old car and purchased a new one. 
My husband bought me a laptop for my birthday
I was able to buy my favorite pie before it went out for the season. 
I was happy when I saw our cook had bought a chai mix again for the snack shelf.
Me and my cousin face timing while we bought tickets to go see an orchestral performance that will play music from our favorite childhood video game. 
I bought some new shoes and clothes because I got a new job.
I'm making arrangements to fly out to Kansas for a June weekend. It's making me feel more independent and proud of who I have become over the years. Just being able to afford and purchase the ticket fills me up with joy. 
I made enough money Turking to buy a few items I had been wanting for months.
I bought a new laptop.
when my father buy a new bike for me
My friend told me she was buying a house.
I bought a new puppy and i named him Boris.
I ordered a Shamrock Shake from McDonald's.
In the past 3 months, an event that made me happy was when I bought my dream shoes because it was something i have been wanting since i was a kid.
I bought a video game on a whim and it turned out to be fun.
I bought all of my seeds for my garden.  I just have to plant it now.  I can't wait for fresh vegetables.  
i am happy when i buy a new dog
I purchased a rare breed of fish that are now thriving in the tank I set up for them.
We found a piece of land that we want to buy and build our forever home on it.
About two months ago I bought my first house, the overwhelming feeling of happiness still sits with me today!
I bought a new tv, and it is much larger and better quality than my last tv.
I bought a plane ticket for Seattle so I can visit both Seattle and Portland this summer.
It made me very happy that my sister and her husband were recently able to purchase their first home together.
I was able to save up and buy a decent car.
I have bought some new clothes.
I bought my youngest son his prom tickets. It signify my last child graduating high school. 
i buy a new home
I bought a pair of shows yesterday and it made me happy because I really wanted those shoes. 
Splurged and ordered a much needed upgrade for my computer
I purchased some potting soil for my orchid which was dying so I could transplant it into a larger pot and keep it from dying.
I purchased myself a new laptop.
I have purchased a small house last week and all my old friends have come to meet me. it was dual happiness one end new house and other I met my school friends after long time
I bought new socks for playing basketball.
I bought something for my mother
I bought a new laptop.
I found a new bra to buy online that had really good comments about its comfort.
I came home from work and realized I had purchased a pint of ice cream the day before.
I bought a new computer that I had been wanting for a while.
Something that made me happy in the last three months was buying a new house. 
My mom bought me a gift when she went on a trip.
when i bought my little brother his favorite transformer action figure.
The seller of a house we want to buy accepted our offer to buy the house.  
My uncle bought be a model sailboat made out of scrap metal.
I purchased tickets and planned a trip for my first vacation outside of the country to a country that I have wanted to visit for many years.
We bought tickets to an Atlanta Braves game, which is something that I hadn't done in years.
Yesterday, I bought a new cd from my favorite band
I was returning from my college and in the road a boy asked me for some money but instead  bought him some lunch, the smile he gave me made my day.
I found out my fav. band was playing fairly close to me and i purchased tickets. 
bought a new puppy at the store.
It made me happy to buy a birthday cake for my boyfriend.
I went to the apple store and bought a brand new apple mac laptop computer for myself.
I managed to buy a new phone of last generation, thanks to the fruit of my work, I had some months wanting to buy it, but until now manage to make that purchase, I already have a more sophisticated work tool.
I bought air conditioner in my home for this summer season and that moment makes me feel happy.
I bought a wonderful new mattress that was delivered yesterday.
I bought a jacket on sale that was within my budget 
I bought a hard to find vinyl record for my brother that I've been searching for a long time and I felt very happy and lucky to find it. 
I bought some new tools that I found amazing deals on. As a result of having these tools I have been able to repair and build several projects around the house increasing it's value. 
I bought a new pillow, and because it was so great, I went back and bought 3 more!
I bought one of those cool, Dyson blade-less fans, and I got to enjoy it on a warm day in April.
One month ago, I celebrated my brother's birthday. it was a small gathering including my parents and husband. all of us bought a present for him beside a birthday cake showing that he got 33. my mother did her best by cooking his favorite meal called Kebab . we were all happy that we had a chance to be next to each other and fortunate enough to show our fondness, love, and caring toward each other by having nice chats, making each other laugh and snapping photos. this was one of my hippest moment in past 3 months
I bought myself a FitBit Blaze as a Single Galentine's Day gift.
I bought tickets for a vacation in Seattle, it's the first time I ever treated myself to a vacation. 
I purchased a Sony camera 2 days ago.
Three weeks ago I bought an electric skateboard and it is a lot of fun to ride around on.
When I bought a car and took a ride on it.
I bought a new car.
Last month i bought a new mobile phone which i was dreaming of buying for the past 6 month. i was very happy because i got my new phone. so that i can take many pictures and i can use my mobile for my work also.
I bought a new and latest mobile for my wife.
It has been really hot. I finally got tired of it and bought an a/c so now it's nice and cool.
yesterday i purchased some small small items like hand towels , tissue paper etc. which makes me happy.
Yes two months before i went to one big shopping mall, my friends also came with me. We enjoyed lot and spend lot of time and eat lot of variety foods. Suddenly we planned for go to movie that movie show was night show. So we planned we will finish the dinner and then we will go to movie. As per plan we went some good hotel almost near by theater. We ordered foods and waiting for the foods. Waiter came with food and keep it on our table. but that waiter face is not good, good means he is not happy. I just asked him what happened why you seems so dull? He replies nothing sir. but i wouldn't believe. I asked him again and again. He said his truth. His wife admitted in hospital. He needs money for his wife medical expenses. I conveyed to my friends and asked them we will cancel the movie plan and we will give that money to him. Finally friends agreed and we have given $300 to him. He was happy and thanked us. Really i'm happy about my friends. They're very good. Thank you.
My phone quit working and my daughter bought me a new phone so I can face time with her and my grand daughter.
We celebrate our summer vocation holiday with my family at kovalam beach in kerala. We saw some famous places in Kerala especially Thenmalai dam very nice.But some places we face some problem with local people,we purchased some material.Finally we saw perumal temple in thiruvananthapuram  temple the temple 100 years ago.We pray the god. Then we return to our home town.
I just bought and drank 7-Up on a hot day. It really hit the spot in the middle of this mini-heatwave.
I was very happy when we moved in to our recently-purchased house.
I bought a new mobile phone from amazon and i got many offers, it made me to feel happy
My father bought a ring for me and gave as a present.
I was able to purchase a large plot of land to enhance the size of my property for only ten dollars from the state auditor. 
i was happy when i buy new brand sooty pep from my own money.i collect money from 2 year finally i buy my favorite 2 Wheeler .All my family member specially my mom & dad feel so happy at that moment.my mom little bit scary that i ride it on highway but after some time when she saw that i am very good in ride then she OK with it.i click many pictures with my pep & also post it in social media.all my colleague & friends was happy.i gave him small party of that. 
I was finally able to buy a Nintendo Switch.
I bought a new phone for my wife and she was very happy and i was very happy
I bought and restore a very nice work bench I always wanted.
A few days ago, my boyfriend and I ordered a new DJ mixer from amazon and it arrived yesterday.
Yesterday Bought LED TV . I bought sony TV which is my favorite one. Since this is vacation time this purchase is meaningful so that all my kids and my whole family has the opportunity to enjoy the TV programmes to their maximum extent
I have bought New land to Build my own home in my home town filled with lot of happiness since it my whole family long time dream
I purchased a new hard drive last week.
I bought the new phone that I've been wanting.
in the past i am going to shopping i am buying twenty sarees for my wife .that time i am very happy.
I won a photo contest and someone wanted to buy my photo
I ordered a new phone 3 days back.
The day I bought my first new car.
I bought a new bike last week and I'm very excited about it.
i buy a new volcom pair of shoes that i was planning to buy for a long time.
I got a shirt I ordered in the mail for a sports team, with a players name and number on the back.
I went to the neighborhood bakery and bought a bag of custard doughnuts. 
My dad has bought me a new smartphone which I loves the most and that thing made me feel very happy where he gifted the mobile for my recent promotion in my office where he bought that mobile phone by using his pension money which really makes me happy and I'm really happy and feel proud at that time.
I bought the video game for which I was saving.
I decided to buy tickets to a wellness conference, they were kind of expensive, yet I was happy to be around like minded people.
Finally saved up enough to purchase a bike I've been wanting and had it delivered. 
I finally bought my new computer, having saved up for it for months. 
I bought concert tickets for a band I really like.
I bought a new work laptop
Putting up a new TV antenna.  I've been wanting to buy one for years and finally made the plunge, I am picking up more stations now.
I bought Jasmine rice and a Thai red curry paste and made a new (to me) dish for dinner.
On Monday, I won a $1000 playing bingo. That made me very happy as it was needed to purchase a plane ticket for my nephew to visit me.
I bought a brand new Toyota Tacoma truck.
We bought a house last month.It was a dream come true as we have been living in a rented house for more than 20 years.I was super happy on that day.
I bought a really great brand new gaming laptop that I use all the time now.
The clothes I ordered online came in the mail and they fit perfectly.
I was happy when I bought a new puppy
My husband and I no longer have a car which makes going to the drug store difficult so what made me happy was finding a online delivery service last month. We have now ordered from them and it was so easy.We don't have to pay anything for the service (except tip), the price is the same for the OTC drugs (or cheaper) and we can order a little or a lot.
I finally decided to buy a Nintendo Switch with the new Zelda game.
I went and bought myself a new gaming keyboard and mouse from Best Buy.
I bought a game that my best friend plays a lot of, so now we can play it together.
My daughter was approved to receive free medicine from a drug company; it would have been too expensive to buy.
I bought a new truck!
The day I bought my brand new car that was expensive and not sure if it was worth it.  I bought a brand new Lexus IS 250 2015, F Sport.  It was a smoking hot care that I couldnt wait to drive and show it to my friends.
I purchased a new fragrance at the mall.
I bought two tickets to see a concert with my sister.
One happy event is when I bought my new guitar that I had been wanting for over a big decade, this was such a big moment for me!
I bought a new computer that will help me complete my worker faster. 
I purchased a type of diesel truck that I had been wanting for many years.
My mother-in-law bought me a new set of towels a few weeks ago.
My wife bought me a nice headset for gaming as a random surprise.
Tabeltop Simulator went on sale and I bought it, hoping for some board game fun.
I bought a new racing bicycle and had it fit to me.  
I went to Powell's Bookstore with a friend and bought many books by my favorite authors.
Foliage from the grapevines that I bought in April just started to sprout out of the vine two days ago.
It's been my first time buying stuff on amazon and I am excited!
I ordered 30 new pet Cherry Shrimp for my Aquarium. They have been settling in just fine.
I finally bought a functioning electric guitar.
I bought a new video game and it's great
I finally got my pre-order active for my stealth fidget spinner (I've been waiting awhile) and I can now start manically checking my mailbox everyday, ha!
I ordered some protein powder and finally actualized on taking my nutrition seriously.
I won $50 on a scratch-off lottery ticket my husband bought me.
I got an extra candy bar out of a vending machine. After I purchased my initial candy bar, for some reason I just kept pressing the button and a second candy bar fell down.
My wife made me the surprise to buy all I needed to cook my favourite meal. Birthday lunch was delicious and happy and it made me grateful.
We are adding on to the kitchen so we are constantly shopping for products. Last week my daughter and I went to a home improvement store early one morning to find one thing. While we were there, we ventured through the tile department. Lo and behold they had a stack of glass tiles that usually cost $14 each on sale for $3. The amount left was just enough to create the back splash for the kitchen. I quickly grabbed a buggy and bought all that was left. I was very happy because it was just the right color to match our room and I saved a ton of money.
I bought a new television that's 4K. 
We purchased tickets to see one of my favorite bands in concert this summer.
I got approved for a car loan to buy a new car.
I just bought a brand new 2016 Dodge Dart. 
I bought a new car with my own money and this made me happy of saving and accomplishing something.
10 Days before I bought my father a new phone. That's my first gift to my father. The phone I bought was really nice. That whole day kept on looking at that phone smiling.
I bought a home recently and we had the inspections performed this week. The results of the inspection came in and there were no major issues to attend to. I was worried there was going to be some problems but there wasn't so I'm pleased about that.
My wife and I purchased a bigger care for our growing family. 
I was on a road trip and my car broke down, stranding me. I was down to my last few dollars and it was just enough to buy a drink. I hadn't eaten in over six hours, so was pretty hungry. The nice lady behind the counter apparently heard me talking to my friend and just gave us some free food to eat.
I got a substantial raise last month. I am happy with the increase in extra spending money. I won't have to worry so much when making a purchase as before.
I was going to my buti yoga class valentines day evening and I didn't really want to do anything special for valentines day with my husband because the Friday before we had to put down my cat. I was dreadfully heartbroken over losing her and it had been a very emotional weekend. I made him take me to the zoo to go see the snow leopards (my favorite big cats) and upon leaving I checked out the gift shop like always and made mention of wanting the giant stuffed snow leopard. So on valentine's day before work he stop 20 minutes in the opposite direction from work to go buy that stuffed animal for me and even had to ask them to open the gift shop to do so. So that night when got into the car after my buti yoga class he had the stuffed cat in the passenger seat waiting for me. I cried and had a death grip cuddle on it for about 5 minutes and he just told me that he wanted to do something to see me smile a little bit. I was terribly sad, grateful, and happy at the same time. I held on to that stuffed cat all the way into the house and crawled into bed with it and managed to have a semi-decent night of sleep because of it. 
My husband works as a traveling musician and I was recently laid off, when he got home from a tour he knew how frustrated and sad I was not finding a job, he took me to the mall and bought me new outfits to brighten my mood. What made me the most happy was how thoughtful and excited he was to do this for me. 
I purchased on 55 inches LED tv, It makes me and my family happy.It's a long term wish for us.
When I purchased a puppy, this purchase made me instantly happy once I held the puppy. Everyone at home was happy not just me. My stress levels went down and have been down ever since. 
I was able to actually buy a car.
Something that made me happy was buying a new car. 
The other day I made an amazing dinner with some fresh pasta that I had bought that was well received by my partner.
I bought a five dollar lottery ticket and I won 50 dollars.
The day my husband took two of my homemade cakes to work with him for his coworkers to sample. And they devoured the cakes in minutes. And actually placed orders for other cakes.
I met the young couple who purchased the home I've lived in for the past ten years.
I bought a new smartphone, and it made me happy because it was the complete antithesis to my previous phone, which was incredibly slow and laggy. 
I finally bought a car that I liked for a long time.
I bought a new computer it made me really happy i could do all my work.
I bought a delicious fruit salad.
I recently was able to afford to buy some new clothes for myself.
I recently ordered some whetstones and they came in the mail. I can't wait to get to work on my axe.
I bought a new tiny washing machine so I do not have to hand wash clothing anymore. 
I bought a new desktop computer which is very sleek.
I bought a clothing item that my girlfriend had expressed interested in and gave it to her.
My grocery store has a ten day sale on yogurt and as it's the only food I can eat that is fun it makes me insanely happy to be able to buy many.
I purchased new dresses for my birthday and that moments feels happy.
Later on April 8, 2017 while using my present car to shop for the new vehicle, I bought the replacement vehicle. 
I finally bought Google Chromecast so I can stream movies to my TV.
When me and my estranged brother starting bonding over online video games. We both purchased a copy of the video game dark souls 2. Me and him played through the entire game over the course of a few weeks, and byu the end of it we had made some good memories and were a little bit closer as a family.
bought a new Air conditioner
When I went to the store and bought 7 baby chickens.
I bought a new bike then i ride it faster
I went out with my family to buy and eat ice cream at the local ice cream store.
I planned to purchase a desktop computer 2 months ago and I purchased it yesterday.
I ordered some cat food a few weeks ago, and to reach the "free shipping" amount I got a few cat toys, my cat really seems to like them.
I normally don't buy myself stuff or treat myself to anything because I don't make much money.  I was happy when I decided to treat myself and buy myself something nice.
I finished reading a book I ordered through ebay.
I bought a new bike for myself.
I bought a new smartphone.
An event that made me happy in the past three months, involved me buying a used car that fit my budget and I was extremely happy about that. 
i purchased my favorite poori baji from a hotel last week, which makes me happy
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. on that day, my brother came there. That day is his birthday, suddenly I am to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which I selected, he felt very blissful.
Unfortunately, I went to my grandmother house. On that day, my brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to gift shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which i Selected, he felt very bliss full.
Unfortunately, i went to my grandma house. on that day, my brother came there. that day is his birthday. Suddenly i am go to Giftz shop with him and then. we purchased many things. on seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very blissful.
Unfortunately, i went to my grandma house on that day, my brother came there. That day is his birthday suddenly i am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things on seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very blissful.
Unfortunately i went to  my grandma house. On that day, my brother came there, that clay is his birthday. Suddenly i am go to gift z shop with him and then we purchased may things. on seeing the gifts which i saluted, he felt very blissfully
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house on that day, my brother came there that day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to gifts shop with him and then we purchased many things on seeing the gifts which selected, he felt very blissful.
Unfortunately,I went to my grandma house. on the day my brother came. there that day is his birthday. suddenly I am go to gift shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which I selected , he felt very bliss full.
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On that day, my brother came there, that is his birthday. Suddenly i go to gift shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very bliss full.
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house on that day, my brother came there that day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to gifts shop with him and then we purchased many things on receiving the gifts which selected, he felt very blissful.
Unfortunately i went to my grandma have on that day. my brother came there. that day is his birthday, suddenly i am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things, On seeing the gits which i selected, he felt very bless full.
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house on that day, my brother came there that day is his birthday. suddenly I am go to gifts shop with him and then we purchased many things on seeing the gifts which selected, he felt very blissful.
I replaced my old mobile, now i bought Redmi mobile, which has many features i am very happy to have that mobile. 
Unfortunately, I went to my grandma house. On that day, my brother came there. That day is his birthday. Suddenly I am go to gift shop with him and then we purchased many things. On seeing the gift which, selected he felt very bliss fill.
My family celebrate, my fathers 45th birthday at my house in home town.They bought a new SWIFT car they present the car.My father face goes 100 volts bulb.He feel very proudly.After finished the function we went theater saw Hollywood movie.Then i back to continue my tuition. 
I bought a set of watercolor paints and painted for the very first time in my adult life.
I went to Shopping mall and purchase many things.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I dug out my old laptop a few weeks ago, thinking I was going to have to trash it. Since last year I haven't been able to boot it past the start screen due to a failed reinstall of windows. I took a chance and ordered some blank DVDs which I used to burn a fresh copy of windows onto. I was able to boot the computer from the DVD and reinstall the operating system all by myself, and it worked! So now I have an additional working laptop, and it runs like a brand new one.
I bought a new car
The local supermarket had a sale with some good food at half price, so i went and bought three packs of corn chips and ten frozen sausage rolls.
last April, I decided to go in a Book Fair, i like to read and this event caught my attention because they gathered some of the book stores i know and have a book sales. It's a big event and a lot of people come to bought books, although it's quite tiring I enjoyed it because I found and bought some amazing books.
The stock that I bought in March got doubled on April 24th after a merger news.
I am able to buy my baby things.
Two months ago, one day morning i had an surprise when i wake up from my bed, My dad bought a new bike for me and that is in my favourite colour and company. That minute i had a lot of happiness.
I received the books that I've ordered online, which I was waiting for about a month.
I bought tickets to go see a play on broadway in NYC. The play was fantastic and I enjoyed my time in the city. 
We purchased a used vehicle. It made me happy to see my husband with his newly purchased used vehicle. The car that he had for close to seven years was giving him trouble. We were able to find something that we could purchase right off the lot with no payments and I was just happy to see him happy and having no more worries about a troubled car now.
I bought a new cellphone.
I celebrated my cat's first birthday and bought him several toys and treats.
5 weeks ago I was able to buy my brother the new Wii U game: Zelda breath of the wild, see him happy made me very happy
My credit score when up to a point I can now think about buying a house 
I bought two nice chairs to sit in out on our porch and I love them.
I ordered a pair of pants online, and I was unsure if they would fit or look good on me. They arrived yesterday and fit perfectly. 
I bought the new Legend of Zelda
I got my brother to help me buy together an Elliptical machine so I can lose weight this summer and get healthy.
I felt happy when I made my boyfriend happy by buying him a special birthday cake. 
I decided to splurge and buy tickets to a concert for me and 2 friends.  We had so much fun and I was glad to see various artists that I liked. 
I bought a new dog for my family.
My son was diagnosed with aspergers and bipolar disorder along with ADD 2 years ago. Hence why school has always been struggle for him. I got the letter letting me know he was going to be moving onto middle school. This by far made me so happy because of all the struggles I have seen my son go through. He worked really hard to finish elementary school and I am so glad he will be moving onto the next milestone in his life. 
I allowed my usually thrifty self to design a dream bellydance costume and narrowed the list of possible buys down to a single costume that I might actually afford.
I was happy when I was able to purchase composting bins for my garden and save money on soil.
i was happy when i bought a car last week. 
I found a microphone to buy at a reasonable price.
I was able to locate a rare video game and purchase it for a reasonable price about a week ago.
I bought a delicious new bourbon. 
A free demo for a video game was made available without having to preorder it.
A Chinese restaurant made a small mistake on my order that wasn't that big of a deal but they gave me a bunch of free egg rolls because of it.
Helping a friend at my church erect several hundred feet of fence at his farm he just purchased.
I bought junk food home to share with my mother to cheer her up last month and it worked.
I bought a new phone with much more better specifications.
The day I bought my iPhone 7 was the greatest day that I can also remember.  I stayed up till midnight to preorder the phone, waited a week for it to ship.  Once I got it I couldnt stop playing with it until the batteries went dead.
I was browsing a shopping website and came across a great deal on office supplies. I purchased the items but then on social media websites, other people were reporting that their orders were getting cancelled due to a mistake on the merchant's website. Luckily, my order did not get cancelled and I received the items.
On my birthday a friend invited me out to lunch with her family and they bought my meal and got me a dessert.
Getting all my cleaning materials in that were on order so I can begin cleaning my new revolver.
I felt happy when I bought a new car. 
I bought brunch at a bagel place and I talked to the people who worked there.
After checking the stock market, I saw that the stock I had recently purchased went up 5% over the past few days.
I bought new speakers.
I bought some dresses that were on sale after waiting for so long for them to go on sale.
I bought an action figure for close to retail price from an Amazon third-party seller I thought would be harder to buy.
After 4 years February we bought our wedding album. So exited and happy to see the photos. 
I purchased new food items from Trader Joe's that were really delicious. 
I purchased a new car with my wife.
I found a new home to purchase and bought it.
I got my new kitchen table. We struggled for many years and it feels good to be able to buy nice stuff. 
I bought a cute new backpack with an owl face on it.
I purchased a home in the town i grew up in.
I when to the shoe store and found some cute shoes for my son on sale so I bought them I was so excited.
I bought a yoga lamp for a coworker to replace a different lamp. He really loves it. It made me happy to do something nice for such a nice person, which he is. 
We made our first big purchase for our wedding this month.
I finally saved enough extra cash to buy a new refrigerator for my family.
I bought a Nintendo Switch with The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. 
I bought a gift for my niece.
We had some storm damage, and insurance agreed to buy us a new roof!  We really needed the roof, but we weren't sure they were going to cover it. 
When I was able to purchase my new vehicle, I felt so happy that I finally accomplished something on my own.
My fiance has started playing guitar. She wanted a green Danelectro guitar. One was listed on line and I purchased it for her as a surprise. I gave her the guitar yesterday. She was so happy. To follow, we played music for the evening. 
My husband bought me an ice cream from the corner store when I wasn't feeling well
I bought tickets to visit my long-distance partner.
I was happy when the person in front of me bought my coffee.
This week was teacher appreciation week, so I bought my daughter's daycare teacher a gift card, some candy, and a nice card.  She was very appreciative and stated that I had made her day.
I went out to eat dinner at Outback Steakhouse and ordered a 16 oz NY Strip steak.
I crossed over the border of my home state after a long trip away.
A friend of mine purchased dinner for me when I had forgotten my meal at home. 
I bought a cool Star Wars Lego on clearance from Walmart at a great price and it has been a lot of fun to build. 
I saved up enough money doing some extra work to purchase a game I had my eye on for some time.
I finally bought some new, really nice shoes!
I was very happy when I used several coupons and cash back sites at the grocery store and earned cash back on my purchases.
My husband surprised me by buying some new artwork to hang in our home.
Finding a good sale at the store for something I was buying anyway
I finally bought my favorite SUV that I always wanted for work.
I bought a new pair of sports shoes which I will use in the gym.
When i bought my pick up truck, i feel safe and comfortable now!
2 months ago, I bought a new car. I am really happy with my new car because I have upgraded it to newer version. 
I got my first job two months ago and was able to buy few things to my loved ones using my own money which felt more fulfilling than I imagined.
I was able to sell all my stock in a small used electronics business i am running online 1 week ago. That really made me happy since i had deadlines to return them at the storage company i took them from and i was about to lose money. It works like that, you get to buy an amount of stuff and resell them to the market in 14 days. You get full refund if you return them back in the storage in 14 days but after 14 days have passed you cannot return them at all. I went over the 14 days limit with many devices i bought. That event made me happy for over a week in a row and i can still feel it.
My daughter has to complete a Senior project in order to graduate from high school. These high school children know about the Senior project upon entering 12th grade. Most students are so paranoid about the whole thing. When my daughter had found out that she had passed her Senior project I was very happy.
I bought a new vehicle last month and that was my long term dream and it came true last week. Happiest moment.
My order for six pounds of coffee beans arrived today!
I fixed my Xbox one controller on my own so I didn't have to buy a new one.
I got a free drink at starbucks because i bought a bunch of gift cards and the lady at the cash register just offered it to me.
I bought a new pitbull puppy.
I bought new shoes. 
I was able to single-handedly fixed a used car we just bought. The dealer ripped us off.
It was a small moment,which bring lots of happiness to me. I bought my wrist watch.
I stepped on the scale for the first time in a week and saw that I lost 7 pounds. This made me very happy because I've been working hard this pass few weeks to get my health in order.
I bought a four wheeler within the past 3 months.  It has been very enjoyable to ride the trails with my sons.  I feel it has given us another way of connecting and bringing us closer.
I bought new carpet for my master bedroom and it is really nice.
My parents bought a second car and they can finally stop borrowing mine.
I went out to Sagebrush with my family and ordered a delicious chicken sandwich.  
When a friend of mine ordered pizza for me as a gift.
I finally bought a new car. After breaking down so many times I finally chucked it.  I got a great deal.
I bought my mom food.
A friend of mine bought myself and 2 others friends a game with a discounted 4 pack and we have been having a lot of fun playing it.
Today I found my favorite energy drink on sale for 99 cents at the grocery store and I bought a bunch of them, so that made me happy!
I purchased a new car that was bigger and more roomier
My niece is getting married. This girl, she just didn't have much direction, now she is getting married, bought a house, same job, and things are looking well for her. 
I went to starbucks and ordered a tea I hadn't tried before and I actually liked it 
I found a discount code online for something I wanted to buy.
My sister bought me some scratch off lottery tickets for my birthday.
My wife surprised me and bought bought tickets to see an upcoming Mariners baseball game. 
It made me happy to buy a new phone with my own money.
I purchased ice cake for my birthday and eating makes me feel happy.
I bought new bike last month and that is my dream bike and that moment feels happy.
I bought new sandals online.
I bought some new clothes that I absolutely love.
I love this crumb cake a very specific one that my grocery store never stocks, but last week they had it . I was so happy to be able to purchase it and eat it all.
I was ordering tickets online for a show, and at first it said sold out, but then I refreshed the page and it actually let me buy them.
I ordered a lavender-flavored latte and was pleasantly surprised by how delicious it was.
my order from USA was being delivered yesterday
I bought my mom a gift for her birthday and she actually liked it!
I purchased a new dress for my kids birthday.
When the bank sanctioned me a house loan for the purchase of a house. Now I can  buy a house.
Last month my child birthday came and we celebrated with joy and i was very happy because after she came in to my family i got lot of good fortune and i bought a new car.i presented her with a teddy bear as her birthday gift and in the evening we went out for dinner and had our time spend very happily.
I bought a new laptop.
I got a chance to purchase a second monitor for my computer and I was able to get more work done. 
i purchases one sweing machine from online . using it i did all the alteration works myself ,which makes me happy.
Today my coworker bought me lunch because he lost a bet we made about the NBA playoffs. 
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, God's photos, etc. He said that it prices each Rs.250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs. 300. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, God's photos, etc. He said that it prices each Rs.250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs. 350. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, God's photos, etc. He said that it prices each Rs.250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs. 350. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, God's photos, etc. He said that it prices each Rs.250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs. 350. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, god s photos etc. He said that it prices each rs 250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each rs 300. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
one day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos god's photos etc. he said that it prices each RS.250. but a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each RS.300. i really felt to salute him for what happens.
One day a blind men sold natural scenario photos, God`s photos, etc he said that it prices each Rs 250. But a gentle men bought that all items for each Rs 300. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
one day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, god's photos etc. he said that it prices each Rs. 250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs. 300. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos. God's photos, etc. He said that it prices each Rs. 250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs.300. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos , god's photos etc. he said that it prices each Rs 250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs 300. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
One day , a blind man sold natural scenario photos, God's photos, etc. He prices each Rs.250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs.350. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, god's photos,etc. He said that it prices each rs 250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each rs 350. i really felt to salute him for what happen
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, god's photos etc. He said that it prices each Rs 250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all all items for each Rs 300. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
One day blend man sold natural scansion photos 'God's photo's etc. We said that it prices each Rs.250 But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs.300 i really felt to salute him for what happens.
one day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos. god's photos etc. he said that it prices each Rs 250. but a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs 300. I really felt salute him for what happens
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, god's photos etc. he said that it prices each Rs 250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs 300. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
I bought a new bed topper that helps me sleep so much better.
One day, a blindman sold natural scenario photos, God's photos, etc. He said that it prices each Rs.250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs.350. I really felt to salute him what happens.
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative.
Mother's Day is coming up soon, and I am very happy that I was able to buy for my wife a pair of shoes that she has very much wanted. I can't express my love for her as much as I would like with purchases, but this is a decent attempt.
One day, a blind man sold natural scenario photos, God's photos, etc. he said that it prices each Rs.250. But a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each Rs. 300. I really felt to salute him for what happens.
I wanted tickets for the IPL cricket final match in hyderabad but there was a huge rush for it
My friend bought me 4 tickets for me and my family and i was very happy
I went to my niece's birthday party last week. I was unsure on a gift but I knew she liked Sesame Street, so I bought her an fake phone which toddlers can use to call Cookie Monster and Elmo. She was so happy with her gift, she ignored all the other toys she was given, and would not put the toy phone I gave her down all day. I was super happy that she liked the gift and it is now one of her favorites. 
I bought a new car
Not having a period anymore because of birth comtrol. Its wo great not having to buy tampons any more 
I received a RGB light strip, which I had been considering to buy for 2 months or so.
I bought a new Nike shoe.
My friend's birthday party, last Saturday evening, we went for a meal in an Italian restaurant.There were about 10 of us, he invited some close friends and work colleagues, most of them were people I've known since university.We met at the restaurant, I gave my friend a present and a birthday card, we ordered some food, while we ate dinner everyone chatted, after the main course the waiter brought out a cake and we sang 'Happy Birthday', everyone went home quite late.Why it made me happy: it was great to get together with old friends, I had some interesting conversations, it was a good opportunity to catch up with what my friends had been up to, it was a nice way to wind down after a hard week at work, the food was delicious, I went home feeling full after a fantastic meal.
When I bought a new car.
My friend bought me lunch yesterday, it was really nice!
I bought a new bike for me.
I painted one of the best painting I have ever done and my friend paid me to buy it from me.
I just bought a guitar!
I bought a new LED TV with smart functionality and I got a very good discount in online deal with special 5 year warranty. My family was extremely happy when received this surprise on 24th of April. I really enjoyed the moment
I bought new motorcycle
The day i bought a new home .. it was such a great feeling .. and i loved it ..  me and my family felt very happy .. we blessed with some lovely relations and supporting friends . now we  are living in our new home .. happiest moment
I bought a Switch.
I bought myself a more powerful graphic card and memory for my Desktop now I can play most newest games on my desktop. 
I bought my mom a new phone. I feel happy when she's happy.
I purchased a guitar for my sister.
I bought a CD of my favorite singer.
We bought new furniture!
I bought a new computer. 
I bought an item that I thought was $8 but it turned out to be half price!
I found a pair of jeans that fit me really well and that I have been looking to buy for a while on sale at the mall.  
I bought a new car.
I bought several new flowers for my garden and they look beautiful.
Yesterday morning 10:00 o clock I went to hotel for eat because my mom wasn't prepared anything for breakfast so I went to hotel. I seated there and order the food and started to eat and then finally finished the all of foods, ready to pay the bill and that hotel owner told me I offer you for $30. I was so lucky and felt very happy about this because my bill was only $28. So no need pay the bill, I had free food. Jolly Jolly!!. After reached home I returned this money to my mom and told about that offer she was happy for I saved money. I'm so lucky. Very happy.
I was happy when the gazebo that I ordered arrived in the mail.
I was able to pick out a dog to purchase for my birthday and set up a payment plan for my new puppy. 
Saw my daughter's caterpillars she ordered grow and get ready to become butterflies.
I bought a brand new pair of shoes after not buying any in a long time.
I had some time alone for myself, and I finally rested enough in order to feel absolutely refreshed. This day was also made better by the company of my dog.
I bought my friend Barry a gift for his birthday.
I bought a car for myself.
I've purchased an Adobe After effects CC and I'm using it right now.
My friend purchased me lunch last week.
I bought a solid hard disk for my computer a month ago and it's great.
i am very happy when i buy a new house
I bought some stuffed animals for myself.
I bought a new brand new car.
Yesterday I won $20 off a $2 scratch off ticket. I felt like I was finally getting lucky. I went in and bought a bunch more and only won back $2.
I bought a new smartphone for my personal use yesterday.
I became very happy that I bought a 428i BMW coupe.
I bought two rugs and two trash cans for my new apartment.
I bought tickets to see my relatives.
I was happy when I figured out what gift I would then buy my boyfriend for his birthday.
I received some new clothes in the mail that I ordered to refresh my style for the new season. 
I bought new items for my new home.
The ability to be able to spend some change or loose money at simple pleasures in life like eating out, buying small things, without worrying too much about money.
I received a message from a buyer to handle a task. It brought me lot of joy and I was able to earn from the job.
I bought szechuan peppercorns and I made a great stir-fry using them that me and my wife loved 
For the first time this year, I passed by a garage sale, and I bought several things from it.
I bought my dream car after securing a promotion!
My wife and I bought a new car on Sunday.  It replaced her old car which was on its last leg.
My credit score finally reached the point that I can buy a home with a good interest rate.
Finding the perfect pair of shoes I had been looking for to match an outfit just purchased. 
I went to Trader Joe's and they had my favorite beer, which they were out of. It's Half Acre Vallejo. I purchased two packs.
I bought some new plants online and planted them in little pots!
I bought a new car last month and I am still so happy about it.
I ordered a new shampooer for our house. Our old one had not worked in a few months. When it arrived, I was ecstatic that I get to clean the carpets again.
My friend bought me a pack of cigarettes.
A copy of a book I've been wanting to read finally came up for sale on Amazon, and I bought it for my Kindle reader.
I was able to quit my job at begin working from home which i though was impossible to do, but i desperately needed to in order to better assist my son
My computer broke and someone fixed it fairly quickly. Unfortunately, it just broke again yesterday but I'm fairly confident that he can fix it again. And if not, I have someone that's willing to buy me a new computer so that's making me SUPER HAPPY!
In March, my friend took me out to dinner, and even bought me a expensive birthday gift.
I bought a video-game expansion for a friend who was going through a bad break-up so he could log on and play with our group of friends to cheer him up.
i am very happy because my father bought a dog , she is very quiet. and i love her she is very beautiful and i love so much. all the day we play at home we are verry enjoy all the day. i am very happy for this new friendship.  
When I found out that my savings are enough to buy me the car I always wanted.
I finally purchased AJ Foyt's autobiography that he wrote in 1983 that I have wanted for some time as I grew up watching him race.
I purchased new rottweiler puppy
I purchase a new baseball bag that is capable of holding both my newly purchase baseball bats.
Something that made me happy was buying a new laptop. 
The other day I discovered a Cure cd I didn't have already on sale at the store, and bought it.
While checking my bank account i realized that i already had the money to buy the camera i was dreaming about.
My boyfriend bought me a salon gift package.
I won fifty dollars on a lotto scratch off that I had purchased from the gas station down the street.
My birthday fell this year on Easter. My husband never takes me out or gets me flowers. So I knew that I would once again get stiffed on my birthday. One of my favorite restaurants is the Olive Garden. That week I just happened to be involved in a Bible Study that left me close to my son's school. For the week I decided to help out my son's teacher. That Thursday she surprised me with a birthday card, chocolate and my favorite gift card from  Olive Garden. But the one thing that I loved the most was a candy dish that she had bought me.
An appraisal of a home I am about to buy came in, allowing me to negotiate for a lower closing cost.
I ordered some new clothes from american eagle and got a really good deal on them while they were on sale.
I purchased a lottery ticket and won fifty bucks which was nice.
Over the weekend I bought my mother the Dooney & Burke purse she's wanted for Mother's Day.
I purchased a new watch for my mother.
When I bought a laptop. I only had a desktop, and getting a laptop meant I can get work done while traveling, which made my life easier.
I am happy that I'm able to fix my mower and ordered the part this morning.
The day that I realized that I could make enough money with my other businesses in order to quit my current day job.
I bought an Oculus Rift headset and got to experience many different games and videos. I went online to see and found out that they are working on the second generation of vr headsets. It as dated for around 2020, which is exciting.
I purchased a new car last weekend and it is fun to drive.
I brought lunch to work for the entire week last week, so I didn't have to buy.
I bought a new android phone.
My friend bought me a pastry as a surprise, just cause he was thinking of me.
I made a profit of 325$ in Intraday trading in the months of April. I bought a Android phone for my dad with the profit I made. That was a very happy moment.
I was able to buy all the items I was hoping to purchase, including a birthday cake, flowers, vase, forks, napkins, plates, and a small bouquet of flowers for a fellow coworker who had a birthday.
When I saved up enough money to buy an Xbox One along with a few games.
It made me very happy to buy a new cell phone with my own money.
On my birthday, I woke up to all my friends wishing me a happy birthday and then going to get breakfast with some of my favorite people. Afterwards, we visited my favorite college, Anna University. That is the college that I have always wanted to go to, so getting to visit it on my birthday was a blast. Then we went to the aquarium, which was also fun because I got to feed some fish and see things I have not seen before. That night I had the most fun. We went shopping at an outside mall that went about three miles. We had four hours to just do whatever we wanted too until it was time to go eat at a really nice restaurant.

After shopping, we went back to the hotel, and that is when a bunch of my friends surprised me with a gift that they put together. Another one of my friends surprised me by ordering a really cute cheesecake from the hotel. Later that night we all stayed in one room playing cards and having fun, then a bunch of girls walked in and shoved cake in my face. It was a very pleasant surprise.

Getting back home was a little sad because I was going to miss all of my friends, but I was also excited to see my family and celebrate my birthday with them. I got to have dinner with my parents and go to movie spot to get more cake in my face. Overall, my birthday of 2011 was the most memorable, and I hope to do something similar next year.
I bought a new Legend of Zelda Game.
I purchased a new property.
I bought myself a pure breed puppy. It was an amazing moment the day I picked him out, it was almost like he chose me. The journey these past two months has been incredible and very rewarding.
I got a big order from a customer.
My company was purchased by a bigger company and I found out I would get much better health insurance/benefits. 
I bought a new cellphone.
I had ordered an electronic cigarette part from China and it finally arrived after about 2 months of shipping.
I bought a nice new table for my PC.
I purchased a new computer that will greatly help with my work productivity. 
I was very happy when my girlfriend bought me some comfortable jeans from Aeropostale for Valentine's Day. They fit really nicely and I like how she cares about me.
Last month i bought a puppy, it was a happy movement.
Three days ago I purchased my first house and on the night of closing on the house my wife and had pizza and a bottle of wine we had been saving from our wedding for our first home. 
I have bought a new bike for myself and its very nice to ride.
A friend bought me lunch. 
My done one painting of arts its sold 25000 rupees am so so happy with it with that money I help my family for buy new thing 
Finding and buying an old CD set at Goodwill with my sister, then listening to all the old songs we grew up with.
I bought a nice sweater on sale for a big discount.
I'm a saver. I don't buy much for myself. I used to play in bands and have thousands of CDs and vinyl. So I often crave after new music but rarely buy it. But recently on a daytrip to another city, I found $60 bucks in an old coat I brought. I bought about 20 used albums with that and some other money I had. I've been slowly playing the music throughout. I love new music even if its old I missed seeing the band. Plus 
An event that made me happy was that I bought a new laptop.
I bought a new computer, which to me is like having a new toy.
i bought a new car daston go car its very powerful and have good milage i am very happy
I ordered a nice perfume as a gift for myself.
my wife bought me a Rolex watch just because she felt like it.
I recently start a new activity of blacksmithing. I promote and sell my work on the web, and yesterday I had my first commissioned work. The buyer loved what I already made and asked for acustom one.
A happiest moment in past three months was i got super buyback offer for my iphone
I purchased a Samsung Laptop Last week.
There was a day a few weeks back when I was really stressed out from school and my boyfriend noticed so he went out and bought me my favorite chocolate when he didn't have a lot of money to spend in the first place. 
We bought our dream house in the mountains.
My husband bought me flowers. 
My daughter was very sweet. She bought me a candle for my birthday. I love the gift. And when I light it I still think of her and how she was so sweet to do what she did.
I order tickets for a concert for Donny and Marie!
I bought my plane ticket for vacation.
I bought a new shirt online.
I was able to go to Walmart a few weeks ago and actually find an item that was on clearance. The guy who worked at the store couldn't find it. He kept coming back to us telling us that he couldn't find it. After about an hour of time passing he came up to us with a big pallet of merchandise. It was an entire pallet of Air compressors for only $40 instead of $160. I was able to buy 2, 1 for myself and one for my father. I have set it back for father's day to surprise him.
I was able to purchase a pair of shoes online for a great price. 
I went to shopping by myself and bought some new cloth .
I choose to have a salad last Wednesday when my friends and I ate out, instead of buying a calorie filled hamburger.  This made me feel happy, because I was eating healthy. 
I bought a cup of my favorite coffee.
I went to a new restaurant and the girl who took my order was very nice. 
I recently sold an unopened vintage Star Wars figure I've been trying to sell for the last two years. I ended up making over $500 profit on it from the time I bought it.
When playing one of my mobile games, there is a pack that you can buy to acquire better cards and I was able to get one of the cards I wanted out of the 130 available cards.
I bought my first home. 
My wife and I went to look at houses yesterday, and I realized that we were getting closer to buying our first house.
my earnings on amazon was enough to buy gadget, time for me to choose which one i would buy
I bought a birthday present for a friend and gave it to them.
I bought a designer handbag for 75% on Ebay.
I bought a string trimmer to take care of my grass and now I see the price today and it's $40 more so I feel like I got an excellent deal.
I was very happy when I finally figured out how to order photos online and made an order.
I was able to buy new work shoes because Boot Barn was having a sale this week.
I bought a new pair of shoes, and when I tried them out they had very good cushioning for my feet. 
I bought my dog a new leash. 
When I purchased some items for my younger brother.
I bought my first car.
I bought two burgers from Carl's Jr. for less than $8. This is really cheap (comparatively) to what they normally cost.
After two months hardworking in mturk I finally achieved something bigger to buy as my wish in amazon.It was really a proud Moment for me.I was happy that I could make it
Yesterday my fiance ordered us Chinese food when I got home from work, and I was so happy when it arrived.  It was delicious General Tso's Chicken and we watched a Netflix show together, which is a definite combination for happiness.
I purchased my second car. A convertible Corvette. I worked hard for it.
My wife surprised me and bought me a Nintendo Switch.
Two months before i attended world book fair event and i was very happy to know many books that was not available in the online and i bought some books.
I arranged and cleaned my brothers room for his birthday and bought him gifts. I even baked him a German cake, which took me few hours to complete. It was one of the best tasting cake I have ever made.
I bought a Samsung Galaxy S8 to replace my aging iPhone 6.
I bought a couple new video games for my computer.
When I bought my new car last month!
My friend bought a turtle bracelet for me and it made me really happy. 
I bought a used truck that I have always wanted and it have all the features I want in a truck!
Friend bought me lunch since he knew I'm falling on hard times but didn't bring up the fact. I know he did it for that reason though. Thanks dude.
The sweater I had bookmarked for weeks was on sale for a very cheap price and I bought it.
i bought a lottery ticket and won 50 bucks. It was the first time i've ever won a scratchers that big.
When I ordered a Whopper Jr. today from Burger King, I haven't had one in awhile and the taste of it just brought me this great feeling.
I bought one new car.
I purchased some new coloring books for my son that he loves.
I bought a shirt I really wanted for cheap.
Two months before i was planned to arrange my indoor gardens and make it very clean, I was done it perfectly and purchased new plants for garden. That plant shop owner told "You're great!! yesterday i visited your home and garden, that was very nice and perfect clean. You have many plants more than here." He praised me lot, I was so happy and his words motivate me to do many gardens around my home. Thank you.
my father bought a new car for himself after 10 years
i bought a new car daston go car its very powerful and have good milage i am very happy
I bought another car for my husband.
I recently bought plane tickets for a vacation i'm planning to go to.
We bought a kitten for our daughter.  Seeing the joy on her face and the friskiness of the kitten will always be remembered.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I settled all my car loan and it was one of the happiest moment of my life. I now own a car that i bought with my own hard work and effort.
I got news that the note 7 would be refurbished as the note 7r. This was good news for me because there is a chance that I will be able to purchase a note 7 again which I will be able to bring on board airplanes.
Last day went to a flower show and purchased many plants.
I bought a Groupon today for Thai food and took myself out to lunch.
I bought a ready-made shirt in an offer in online and it was slightly bigger for me. The next day when I returned, they stitched that exactly to my correct size and sent without extra charge and I was happy.
last month i bought a two wheeler... its very important to me because... i worked hard and last i got the result.. 
I bought a new pair of shoes
I bought a brand new gaming computer.
My ex husband bought me a cute bunny and gave me a card for my birthday. He also gave me a gift card which I  used to buy bullet to shoot my new gun that my husband had bought me. No I didn't shoot my ex husband. I don't think his husband would be too happy about that. 
I bought a new car
I went to the store and bought myself some nice colorful spring flowers. I put them in a vase in the kitchen and would smile every time I walked into the kitchen. So peaceful and cheerful at the same time, they brought me lots of joy.
My wife texted me and said that she bought a little hoop and basketball for my son.
I went to the deli and ordered a drink and I talked my way into getting a free brownie.
Was able to buy a case of those 7.5 oz Coca-Cola cans on sale for a good deal at Target.
I bought my younger son a present for his birthday, he picked it out and its something his father and I also played with as children.
I was able to buy my fiance a really nice grill which made him happy and thus I was really happy and excited for him (and to eat!).
I bought some new clothes
I splurged and bought myself some premium coffee grounds at the supermarket.
My mom bought me new shoes for my birthday, since my old shoes were falling apart. 
I bought my tickets for a future upcoming vacation 
My friend loaned me the money to buy a keyboard for one of my tablets and I was able to get it for really cheap.
I bought a Mother's Day gift that I'm excited to give my mom.
I bought a new car. 
There was a special on sandwiches for lunch and I purchased two of them at a discount; they tasted pretty good.
A Starbucks barista joked with me about deviating from my typical order.
I received a cd in the mail I had ordered last week that I was really looking forward to receiving.
I went grocery shopping and bought some of my favorite foods.
The day I bought my new car
A guy walked buy during a May Day parade with a sign that said "free shrugs" and gave me a shrug.
I was able to purchase tickets to Hamilton.
last month i bought two white rabbits and love birds for our garden. we have too much bets like dog, cat, parrot, and birds. additionally included that two into list. i really enjoy daily to see those activities
I spent the weekend going on walks with my daughter and i bought her a big book full of stories. Its nice to get out of the house. I also bought myself some new clothes!
I bought a new sofa set.
I got a really good sale on some home furnishings I'd been waiting to buy for a while.
I bought a bunch of plants for my back yard and planted them.
When I bought my new car I felt happy and accomplished because it was my first brand new car. 
I usually buy one or twice a month state lottery scratchcards. Last week I won a scratchcard of $80. It was one of my largest win in a scratchcard winning since I started buying the scratchcard.
I bought the new Mass Effect game.
I bought a new gaming monitor for my computer, which is my primary hobby in terms of expenditures.
Winning $500 at the casino. It made me feel happy because I could buy stuff I didn't think I could and gave me some extra money to save.
I was happy I didn't pre-order Mass Effect Andromeda, because it was buggy as all fuck when it launched. 
I had bought a rug for my living room that I have been wanting for months. 
I bought my little brother new shoes, seeing the excitement on his face made me proud.
I bought my mother's day present.
I was happy when I was given an extra order of hashbrowns at Steak n' Shake. Ironically, the same day I got the job acceptance call. Fortune favors the fortune, I suppose. 
I bought a reliable car to go to work and not have to rely on city bus.
I bought myself a new pc over the weekend.
I purchased a new laptop and I was happy.
I bought running Nike shoes that were 50% off the past weekend that were exactly what I was looking for.
I ordered a flavor of drink mix that I thought was discontinued. 
I had gotten a game I purchased in the mail today, and It made me happy since I expected it would come two days later.
When I get to buy new cell phone 
I purchased one new Laptop with latest config
I finally bought a guitar pedal power supply.
My cousin all came to wish my son he son happy for it today we went for mall to buy something for my son we buyed one little pet(puppy) for him
i recently purchased a new car and it has greatly improved my life.
we bought a car of my favorite brand last month as soon as got promoted which is a pleasant surprise for me and for my whole family and we are very much enjoying the car.
my fiancee bought me a nice gift for my birthday.
I bought a new camper trailer.
i bought a new car daston go car its very powerful and have good milage i am very happy
I bought my dream car. I have been dreaming this car from my college days and I was determined that I should buy it on my own. My wish has been granted after 6 years.I got the car delivered to me last month and the moment when I sit in the driver seat was awesome.
buying new Mobile
I managed to buy a rare, exclusive figure from GameStop.
a new car bought by my dad give me honor in the society
I bought new books and made a reading plan for this summer.
I got a  gift from a home appliance shop  I am purchased so product from that home appliance shop and they conduct a draw and I get the gift.
I am so happy that I was able to purchase a brand new car for myself.
a few days ago.. am decided to buy a new house... my dream home
last month am decided to buy a car.. today i order it
Taking a risk by ordering fried chicken at an upscale restaurant -- and being pleased to find that it's actually very good.
I bought a huge bag of clothes for less than $100 at for more than 75% off because a store was going out of business.
My mother purchased a brand new car.  I will be driving this car. 
Attending free comic book day with my boyfriend in costumes to buy new comic books.
This past month, what made me happy was me buying plane tickets to California for my memorial day weekend trip. I put in my time notice to work so that I could take a week off for vacation. I bought my tickets and planned out my whole trip and all I am doing now is waiting to go on that plane, and enjoy the nice California weather and see my parents again. This is a prolonged happiness because when I am down at work, i think about where I am going to be in two weeks and how blissful everything will be and how relaxed I will be rather than sitting in this office trying to do the same, mundane work every day. 
I bought a new pc , it cost a lot of money but it was a dream for a while.
I was able to find and purchase a DVD collection of a cartoon I used to watch as kid called Invader Zim.
i buy 3 pairs of Levias jeans.
My girlfriends birthday was the other day, I bought her a few presents and she really loved all of them they weren't very expensive but her being happy with them regardless of there price really made me appreciate the kind of person she is.
I ordered a new pair of glasses, instead of contacts and absolutely love them. 
I bought some new comic books that were on a special sale.
I bought new tires for my truck. I needed them badly. 
One event that made me happy was ordering new pet chickens.
I bought a Mother's Day present.
My boyfriend bought me cookies a an Italian deli.
The new order of slacks that I bought arrived. 
I had to go to the hospital for some tests early in the morning.  I had to arrive about an hour and a half early because my ride had to get to work early, so I had an hour or so to spend time waiting for my appointment.  It was really cold and snowy outside.  It was really beautiful because the sun was just rising.   I love snow and the beauty of winter.  I bought a coffee and sat on a bus bench in front of the hospital and just took in the beauty of the moment.
I bought and mounted a new set of wine racks for my kitchen.
I waited for weeks to make a purchase for my hobby and finally found a good deal to pull the trigger.
Today is free cone day at Haagen Daazs. I ordered a chocolate ice cream cone. It was delicious and free. 
I bought a good brand new two wheeler for myself and that was my childhood dream.
I was able to purchase my own car with money I made from my job. Althought it wasnt a nice car, it was still my first big purchase!
Last month I bought my boyfriend Art Of Shaving kit on clearance from Macy at 10$. It was really great deal.
I bought a New 2 BHK apartment for me and my family near my workplace and it it very nice.
When my doctor found an inconsistency when examining my chest, he then ordered an x-ray study, which made me really scared, but after the results came, he then told me that no abnormalities were discovered, and I felt a huge relief.
I bought the diamond earrings that I craved for last two years.
My airconditioner went out, and even though it's not that hot yet, I have MS, a disorder that does not tolerate heat well. I was so happy my new landlord got someone out immediately (within hours) to fix it. It use to take days. :) Ask me how I spell relief!
Two weeks ago, my girlfriend bought me a new video game for the xbox one.
It was a beautiful night. We went to grab ice cream at a local mom and pop shop. After we bought our ice cream, we decided to take a family walk on the boardwalk. While we were doing that, we watched a storm roll in as the sun was setting. It was a peaceful night, spent with the people I love the most. 
Two months before me and my brother went to Shopping mall for purchase items, There was an offer 10% for each person. We planned to use that offer and get easily discounts on total pay. Suddenly we planned "We should ask our friends for come here, because we will purchase lot of items we need to get that offers for all that items so we have asked friends they also came and we purchased 10 dresses. Totally seven friends came including me and my brother totally nine persons". We are used that 10% offer we split that 7 items to 7 friends, Finally we have balance 3 items. I took two, my brother took 1 item. Finally we have saved lot of money. We saved 90% money. On each product 10%. Only one is missing to apply because other friends was not available. Finally i given treat to that all friends. They also happy and i'm also very happy. Thank you. 
I was happy when I bought my work car.
bought a new mobile with new features.
I purchased a very comfortable pair of shoes to replace another pair. 
I bought a new land to build a houes
i promoted as purchase manager last month 
I bought some nice things for my sister for her birthday/graduation and feel proud I was able to while still saving up money for my own goal.
I bought a set of coloring books for my daughter and got another set of coloring books free for the same price and it made me happy
I found and bought another laptop that I have been looking for.
I bought a new hat.
The tilapia pond cleaning device that I bought last week seems to be working well.
I bought some underwear with a white tiger on it (I love white tigers).
I am in the middle of buying a house. The inspection reveals some items we needed the seller to correct. I was happy to hear that the seller agreed to make the requested repairs.
After saving up for 1 year, I had enough money to purchase my first laptop.
I bought a car.
I bought a good book on Saturday from a cool bookstore in Los Angeles.
I got an order of plants that I'd been waiting on all month.
We bought my daughter a bike for her birthday, and it was awesome to see her reaction to it
I purchased a game I was waiting a long time to play.
I bought myself a new phone case, since I have not bought one in a very long time. It was a neat case and I was very pleased with it. I plan on keeping this case for a long time.
I was able to purchase a Nintendo Switch which I am enjoying.
I got a chance to buy my dream car.  Ive always wanted a Jaguar and I bought it recently.
i buy a new protein for my weight lifting program.
I bought a cute pair of boots.
I'm happy I managed to buy Fall out Boy concert tickets.
Another event that made me happy was going to the store to buy groceries.
I bought a new video game.
Another event that made me happy was buying my new phone.
I bought tickets to a museum that is usually sold out.
A new summer 'pineapple' beer was released, and I bought a 6 pack. 
I bought new clothes for my family members.
the day i bought a new car .. i was my little dream to buy a car with my own earnings.. it was very pleasant for family ..got a ride .. everyone loved  it..
Getting clothes delivered that I ordered online.
My husband and I wanted to buy a bottle of rose, but couldn't decide which to try, and then he found one we hadn't tried, from a winery I like, at a good price.
My father had recently purchased a car for me when mine broke down. I was very happy about this as I was not sure what I was going to do when my last car broke down, but thanks to him I was able to find a solution.
I purchased a new car for the first time.
I used up the groceries that I had purchased from the past week without any of them spoiling.
This week I found a collection of my favorite submarines as models on Ebay, so I decided to order one. 
I felt happy when my 17-year-old earned enough money to purchase a used car.
I played in a poker tournament last week and finished in 4th place for a prize money of 800$. The buy in for the tournament was $130. I felt great, happy and also lucky to make it that far in a field of 100 players.
I purchased a new mobile last month and I am happy.
I bought a new gaming monitor
We went to the Chinese restaurant and ordered Mongolian Beef to share. 
I purchased a new rug for my dining room.
When I couldn't fit something I bought into my car, the stranger I bought it from was willing to go out of her way to drop it off for me and it made me gracious and happy.
Yesterday morning I did watering to my plants, When I was done the watering to my plants. My uncle came to me and ask, really you're good! daily I'm watching you, you're caring lot to these plants I like your habits and I too will follow these things from the tomorrow I will buy some plants and kept it in my home. I would like to make green earth, thank you for teaching this. I replied uncle I'm not teaching you. This is basic things to do in our life. Yes we should keep our earth green and clean air. Thank you for following this. He replied yes thank you and welcome. You're so nice. I was happy and replied good to hear from you. Thank you.
My parents bought a futon for me and my boyfriend so we didn't have to sleep on an inflatable mattress anymore. 
It made me very happy to buy a soccer ball with my own money.
I bought some new dresses while on vacation to Charleston.
bought a new TV 40 ".
I bought a new game console for my son to play with
I was happy when I found a great shoe sale going on at a local store, and purchased 2 pairs of shoes in my shoe size (which is hard to find - size 5)
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I bought a new home
last week  buy new car with i am happy to that
My mom's reaction to me buying her a new tablet
My Birthday was very special as my mom bought me new cake and dress
I got a new set of dress and a bag in same color and also bought all make up accessories at same color for cheaper price
I bought tickets for a concert coming up this summer and ended up with really good tickets.
When me and my boyfriend decided to buy a house and that we will be marring afterwards
I bought my wife a pre-mother's day gift.  She wanted a new pair of shoes.  So I surprised her.  She was happy which made me happy.
I went to buy some new shoes and a shirt from a store. When I went up to pay, the employee gave me a huge discount and I ended up paying much less than what I expected.
I was happily surprised by the quality of the pizza I ordered three days ago.
I bought a brand new BMW
My wife bought be a huge bottle of Jack Daniels.
I bought a nice pair of jeans at a thrift store for a couple of dollars.
I was able to buy tickets to see Paul McCartney play in concert.
I made some good stock market purchases. 
i went the mahal.i purchase many things for my own use.i am very happy to spend that time 
Another event that made me happy in the past 3 months was being able to buy my girlfriend flowers as a surprise.
I was happy that the meat I bought at the store was on sale and I was able to get some at a reasonable price.
I bought my parents some items at the store that they needed and they actually said thank you, which they never do.
My mom bought us a cruise. It was our first cruise and it was the best time. It was so relaxing and I found that I really enjoyed myself.
I bought a fruit salad.
I bought flowers for a team member that had been doing a great job and was really stressed and she was grateful and hugged me.
I recently went out and bought an excessive amount of fishing gear and clothes. 
I found an extremely rare beer in stock at a store near by and purchased it.
When I bought my new car last month, I was very happy that I finally got the Jeep that I wanted.
My fiance bought Battlefield 1 for me. 
I bought my father a nice birthday present. 
I bought an electric skateboard and it makes short commutes a lot of fun.
I bought my favorite cookies.
I bought new clothes for the summer.
I bought a bunch of things to clean my house with.
I have been wanting to try duck eggs for some time now. Last week I went to an open air market and bought some. Just like regular eggs but it still made me happy actually doing something that I wanted to do. Next time, goose eggs. 
Finding out that the expensive rat cage I want to buy is on sale made me very happy.
I bought a printer at a very reasonable price that made me very happy. 
My father bought me a new car recently and I was very happy about that gesture, I thought it was very kind of him to do that for me as mine had recently broken down. 
I bought a new pair of shoes.
I purchased an eye cream that has made my dry eyes feel so much better.
My dad bought me some clementines.
I bought a new computer to replace my old failing one.
I bought a samsung brand new phone and it was my brother who made me to get it.
I bought my dog an adorable football jersey.
I ordered my favorite dish from my local Thai food restaurant. 
I bought myself a gym membership and lost a lot of weight.
I purchased one new phone
I went shopping at American Eagle Outfitters and bought three new pairs of shorts that looked really nice on me.
This past Saturday my friend and I went out for Free Comic Book Day, got our free comics and also purchased a few great comics as well.
Somebody bought be pizza a few nights ago.
Yesterday 15:30 o clock I went to shop for purchase food for my dog joy. I went pedigree store for purchase pedigree cookies and foods. That shop owner told me " Sir if you comes with your dog we will take a picture with your dog and we will offer you 25% on every shopping" I replied sure sir, wait I will go to home and come with my dog joy. Finally I was get back with my dog, that shop owner takes me picture with my dog and said sir your dog is so nice and good and clean, so we will keep this picture in our shop for customer views please approve your permission for this, We will make a good agreement, you can shop 1 year without money you don't want to pay, everything is free. I agreed with is agreement and said sure thank you. Shop owner replied thank you sir. You always welcome. I was really happy for this deal and agreement. Then came to home and conveyed to mom and dad both of very happy. What a great!! Very nice agreement. Thank you.
On Saturday I bought one of my favorite songs on Google Play. It's "Sharp Dressed Man" by ZZ Top. I've been listening repeatedly ever since.
I bought a new Toyota car with my savings.I felt Extremely happy at this  moment.
I bought a new cell phone for my son and he was very much happy. I too am happy seeing his happiness.
I bought a new dress
I bought a really beautiful dress.
my father asked me do you want a fancy motorcycle. then me and my father go to the store to purchase the motorcycle . that moment was make me happy
bought a car.. thats my ambition...
Had won lottery in my last purchase 
I had a shopping with my husband and son.  We bought many clothes.  
I bought a new car
A man in line next to me ordered a combo; but, gave me the soda because he didn't want it.
I purchased a new wardrobe.
I bought a Bingo scratch ticket for $3 and won $25 so I made a $22 profit on chance. 
I bought a new 3 BHK flat near my workplace for my family.
I found a great coupon for an item that I usually buy. 
I bought a bicycle for the first time in two years and it increased my mobility drastically!
On March Year end me  and my friends were planned to go hills station, But due to my personal home issues im not went with them I was sitting in my room after solving my works. As my friends were away to hill stations, I was feeling very lonely. I watched the cars and other vehicles passing by and wished that like my friends, I would also have been travelling or passing my time.While my mind was occupied with thoughts of holidays and having fun with my friends, the door bell rang. I ran to answer it and found the postman with a parcel and a letter for me.I signed the paper and took the parcel. My hands were itching to open the packet as my curiosity knew no bounds. I ripped the parcel open and found a beautiful tape recorder in it. The parcel had been sent from the United States and the letter along with it was from my uncle who had sent me that wonderful gift.However, even more joy than receiving the tape recorder was the letter which my uncle had written. The letter was an invitation to go to the United States for my holidays. I'm already had a passport. he makes everything for such as visa, tickets. This is my happiest moment in the life. 


I went to my favorite nursery and purchased flowers and vegetable plants for the garden and planted them on a sunny spring day. 
Just know we went for shopping I buyer my favourite color Saree its too good color red I just love it
A couple of months ago I was able to finally purchase a cellphone for my daughter, which she had been wanting for years but I could not afford it. 
The event that made me happy is when I purchased my first home.
I bought a car about 3 weeks ago: a Lincoln Town Car Cartier. 
I was happy because I bought a new pair of shoes
I bought a new flavor of coffee just so that I could try something new and when I drank it I really liked it.
My boyfriend offered to buy an expensive dress I need to go to a wedding.
When I first purchased my pet rabbit, I felt a feeling of joy. His little floppy ears and fuzzy body really made me feel complete.
Last month my mom was given money to me for manage that day food expense, because that day she was went her friend daughter marriage. So that day she can't able cook so she gave me money for that day to eat foods. That day i didn't use that money to had any food for that day because that day my friend called me to his home for eat, So i had everything from his home. I saved that money. Finally i purchased special gift for my mom. She was very happy about that gift. She thanked me lot, I'm also very happy. That was great plan. Thank you.
My wife and I bought a shed to build. 
I bought a new cellphone.
We ordered seeds for our garden.
I bought a new Sony home theatre past one months.I enjoyed playing songs and movies for 5.1 ch digital surround system.Very good sound effect i enjoy music daily.
I met with an old professor, and he bought me breakfast, telling me that it was an investment in my future.
My husband bought an Xbox One so we can play games together. 
I bought a plane ticket to visit Japan.
Yesterday was a warm day, so I bought an early season seedless watermelon, and it was so sweet!
I bought a playstation 4. I also bought several games which I really enjoyed playing. 
I bought a new iPhone and got some discount and that moment makes me feel happy.
I bought a new bike last week.
I bought a new car!
I bought my cosplay for an anime convention I'm going to.
I ordered by cap and gown for my upcoming graduation. 
My oldest son participated in a computer project via internet and the service provider gave him in return 1500 dollars for his initiative, that money will be used to buy a ticket to travel Seoul in his next vacation.
When a good friend of mine finally bought his first home after a long financial struggle... It made me very happy to hear.
I bought a pastry I like and ate it.
I went to the grocery store and was able to purchase more than I anticipated for a very limited amount of money. 
After 6-8 months of looking and shopping around, this weekend I finally bought a camping hammock. 

The one I bought is only $40 from Walmart, instead of the $250 I was looking at spending on the high end model. My thought process is I can try out the hammock, and if I like it, spending the $250 isn't a big deal. But to spend $250 on something I wasn't sure I'd like or not, was a little too much to swallow.

So I plan on camping this weekend and I'm really looking forward to trying out the hammock!
I bought a new Macbook and I'm loving it.
I bought a house
t has been argued that money cannot effectively "buy" much happiness unless it is used in certain ways. "Beyond the point at which people have enough to comfortably feed, clothe, and house themselves, having more money - even a lot more money - makes them only a little bit happier."[25] "Spending money on others actually makes us happier than spending it on ourselves
I finally bought some good-fitting running shoes. 
Went to the store and bought a cold coke because it was so hot outside.
I went shopping a few weeks ago and bought a new handbag.  I felt really pleased because my old one was falling apart.  I needed to get a new one.
When I finally bought the apple watch Ive been wanting for a while now.
i bought a new car
I bought a new home
I bought my wife a new purse and earrings.
bought a new coffee machine
Today i went for shopping and buying some dresses at that time i have seen my childhood friend firstly i have felt very awesome after that we hug to each other and did the shopping,we have enjoyed a lot.That is the one of my happiest moment.
Me and my girlfriend bought a new dog.
So far the happiest day of my life was my 26th birthday on April 2. I went shopping for clothes, bought a car, and went out with my friends to a party.I really enjoyed myself and is looking forward to seeing what my 27th birthday will bring. I went shopping with my friends to the mall, i pick out varieties of outfits like levis,gucci, aero, and polo. they had so many colors and all the brands of clothing i wanted to pick them all but i did not have enough money for them all. I still manage to pick out 10 outfits that i really liked. Later on that evening i went to the bike showroom and it was so many bikes to choose from, i wanted them all but i knew i can only pick one. my favorite color is red so i knew i had to get a red color bike, and when i look up i saw this pretty red bajaj pulsar 220, that was so nice i just had to buy it. i love this very much and specifications also matching me to purchase that. My parent also suggested to take this. this is my great memorial happiest day in my life forever.
Everybody looks forward to begin a new year with great fun and enjoyment and wish that the year ahead brings them in, all goods. I too celebrate this great day with all the blast that I can.

Two days before the New Year, we start our preparations. We clean our house, get things in order, buy crackers and get them ready and we look forward to the great day. On New Year's Eve is when we enjoy the maximum. From morning, we kids would be busy packing up gifts and planning pranks that could be played when the clock strikes 12.00 at night.

So much of fun is involved that we totally forget the passing time. Some years, friends and relatives stop by and we all join together to make it even more great. By evening, everybody is in full spirits and would be out. We sometimes go for partying and enjoy a great deal over there. As time passes by everybody starts getting excited.

When it is almost past 10.00 pm, the crowd enjoys and there are live telecast in the televisions to the celebration that takes place across the world. Each place would have a difference in their timings and accordingly the New Year would dawn. When it reaches almost midnight, the entire family would be out, bursting crackers, wishing each other and enjoying and welcoming the New Year. Churches would conduct midnight masses and most of the people would be attending masses to welcome a blessed and happy new year.
Yesterday we buy one little puppy its white color its too good they sold it for high price its good so I buyer it
i bought new bike 
We bought our dog a new collar to help her stay in the yard.
I look forward to spring every year because I love to plant flowers. Last week the weather was so nice I went shopping for flowers. There is a nursery a couple miles from our home that has great prices. I went flower shopping which is like being in Heaven for me. I was there for a couple of hours. I purchased a lot of flowers then brought them home and planted them in flower pots and hanging baskets. We cleaned and put out our outdoor furniture. When everything is put together it looks so beautiful. I love sitting outside and enjoying nature. I like looking out the window first thing in the morning and seeing how lovely everything looks.
I ordered a gymnastics program online.( I love fitness!!!)
My ex husband finally got approved and bought a new house, making life less stressful for me.
My big sister gaved me a laptop as a present, I was really happy and relieved because mine was broken and I couldnt afford to buy a new one.
My boyfriend bought me a game that I had just played a demo for and really enjoyed.
My husband bought me flowers on the way home from work about two weeks ago. No reason, just because he loves seeing me trimming all the stems, making an arrangement and walking by days after breathing in their day sweet smell. 
I bought a new car, paying cash.
Last week, I decided to surprise my mom for mother's day by buying tickets for us to go see a baseball game.
I was happy when I bought my new Remington 870 shotgun.
We just purchased a house and my in laws told us they are remodeling our bathroom for us.
I was able to purchase the car of my dreams. My previous vehicle was about to die and I was able to trade it in and use it towards purchasing my new vehicle.
I bought some new running shoes. 
I was happy when my order from amazon arrived one day ahead of schedule. 
I found an old cereal I used to enjoy was still made in an foreign country, so I ordered a box. It was so great to taste the wonderful flavor of that cereal once again.
We looked at a new house in Stillwater and are considering buying it.
I've begun looking into a home to buy, and am excited. 
My husband bought me flowers for no reason.
I was happy when I bought myself Lego
I bought a new shirt.
I got a big order from a customer.
My wife surprising me with a little over $100 in gift cards for Amazon to buy whatever I wanted for my birthday.
I bought my mom a Mother's day gift.
We have been needing a new bed for a while, so about two weeks ago we went to the furniture store and purchased a new mattress.
i was happy a couple weeks ago when i bought a new car. 
Last month I decided to go for a part time job and I got one.After a month of little work I saved myself enough money to buy me a new camera.It was really a proud and happy moment for me.
We found a really great house we are looking to buy.
My daughter bought her first signed book at the comic book store and it always makes me happy to see her excited about reading. 
I got to finally buy that new computer I wanted.
Last week I ordered a pair of prescription glasses online, only $30! Quality is good, too. 
Currently I am a week away from my vacation to Asia and I couldn't be more excited. I've been counting down the days since I bought my tickets :)
My husband promised me to buy the golden bangle I asked for the wedding anniversary next month. He said, he has saved this money every month for last one year. I am happy as I can understand how her cares about me.
I ordered a new dish from my fav restaurant yesterday and it was amazing 
My partner bought me a cute t shirt. 
unfortunately, i went to my grandma house on that day, my brother came there, that day is his birthday suddenly i am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things on seeing the gifts which i selected he felt very blissful.
I bought myself a iPhone SE for an amazing cheap deal from eBay. I love iPhone SE form factor compared to iPhone 6, as iPhone 6/7 are so big and don't fit in my purse.
I bought a new laptop computer.
I got out of work yesterday and was tired and just bought a pizza instead of making dinner.
I purchased a used car.
About a week ago, I bought Raspberry Pi 3 and successfully installed Retropie to play classic games.
Hardees put a swath of coupons in our local paper and as someone who enjoys a good deal and also had little experience with Hardees it was fun to order a bunch of different items over the past week. I really like their frisco burger it turns out!
I dropped by sbarro to buy a slice of pizza to celebrate, and it was a delicious meal.
i buy watch to my dad from my savings
My boss bought me a new bag for holding my things, and she surprised me with it.
I bought some concert tickets for myself and a friend.
I went to the garden store to buy some annuals to plant around my yard, a week earlier than I usually do.
I saw a beautiful container of fresh raspberries at the store and decided to buy them to give to my hamsters and rats for a special treat.
My husband and I closed on our very first home 2 weeks ago. After trying to buy a home for the past few years, and not finding anything we loved, we finally made the decision to build and we couldn't be any happier! 
I bought a new car!
I bought a new video game that I was really looking forward to.
I was very happy when I was able to purchase a new computer.
I took a sewing course to make knight boxers and I was able to make them. I did a dozen boxers and I even have orders for the sale.
I finally bought myself a Alkaline ionized water machine, that people say it will help fight cancer and keep my body in balance.
We recently went to an expo and I was able to buy something that I've wanted for many years.
I bought a new scale for my business.
I bought a plane ticket home to see my family.
I bought a new phone this made me happy because, I finally have a phone that works really well.
One thing that truly makes me whenever I allow someone in a lane while driving and they wave thank you or flash their emergency lights in order to say happy. This random act of human kindness is something I truly appreciate and makes me feel happy for the world, even if only a brief moment in time. 
A grocery store I go to sent me personalized coupons, included a free item I buy frequently.
i bought some fancy shoes
i bought a new car
My oldest son bought his first house.
I started to take steps in my life in order to get a job in the technology sector.
I bought a new car.
When my brother's daughter was studying she used to be extremely happy to go to school and pursue mathematics and play basket ball. Every day of her school and college life was spent pursuing these 2 Dear items of math and basket ball. Then came the next stage when she got married and moved into a different family. This was the first time she realized that she cannot do something that makes her happy like math and basketball. she need to make people/family around me happy in order to be happy. So started her cooking and cleaning jobs. Doing them was not a choice but a necessity. So she decided that she had to be happy doing them. So she worked extremely hard at cooking and cleaning and to this day am happy doing them. Then came children who are happiness producing all the way through on march. she had a  twins and in bringing them up both her basketball and math surfaced which made her happier still. The children became her experimental canvas. So they played basketball together, swam together, sang to the, danced together, watched movies together. So here I had her two wonderful friends for life. she would not interfere in their studies and they would not interfere with her cooking and they all would not trouble her husband with any demands on clothes or holidays. now she is more happy of her twins.
We ordered a new sectional online, I bought it on a whim and it turned out to be BETTER than anticipated.
Bought two new lipsticks yesterday and they both look good.  Usually I buy lipstick and always end up with colors that don't look right on me or that is the exact color I always wear, which my daughter says you need to try new colors, experiment.  LOL
I bought a new car, after not having one for a long time.
When I bought my brother the new mass effect video game. 
I bought a new watch.
I bought a new graphics card for my computer.
I purchased a new video game for my PS4 and, when I started playing it, basically became hooked immediately.
I bought a new car with my husband, it was exciting to make this purchase together because it was the first big purchase since our wedding a few weeks ago.
When i got a $100 gift card from work to my favorite restaurant. we just bought a house so we have been saving our money and trying not to spend so this gift card was such a great gift from work.
I bought some tickets to a concert that sold out and decided to sell them rather than keep them and was able to sell them for about 5 times the price I paid for them.
I listed some used books for sale online and someone bought them right away.
I was happy when I bought new shoes. 
My sister bought me a present for no special reason
I never buy anything for myself, but I went ahead and splurged on some decent basketbal shoes and they were pretty nice.
The day I bought my new car that I can finally afford now and the feeling that I can finally drive something that is new and not 10 years old and that I was able to work hard to get where I could afford the car I wanted and not just a car to get me where I need to go 
I purchased a new video game, which I have been wanting for ages, and spent an entire day at home playing it.
My aunt bought a beautiful house in February near Lake Wallenpaupack.  
I was able to buy an item I really wanted for my new house.
The pizza stone I ordered finally arrived after 4 weeks of wait time.
I won a contest at work that gave me a 200 dollar gift card to best buy for picking the correct winner in March Madness pool.
I went shopping for my girlfriend's birthday and bought a lot of stuff.
I bought my co worker a baby outfit for her expecting baby girl.
Jimmy Jon's had a customer appreciation day and I was able to buy a sub for a 1$.
Last week I bought a video game i was anticipating on purchasing for a couple of months called Prey, as soon as i opened the game up and popped the disk in i was immersed with its beautiful aesthetics and graphics and fantastic game-play that completely blew away my prior expectations. The game turned out even better then i could have imagined i was ecstatic.
I am happy I saved enough money to buy me a car, finally I will be independent! It took me a while to gather te money, but only thinking of my new car makes me happy, I didn't found it yet, my ideal car. It must be economic in consuming, small for parking easy. I really look forward to buy it.
one day a blind man sold natural scenario photos god's photos etc. he said that it prices each rs 250. but a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each rs 300. i really felt to salute him for what happens.
I bought new tires for my bike that improve its ability to climb.
I bought a new phone.
I bought some brand new clothes for the summer.
The new game I ordered from Amazon arrived. 
I bought some sushi today that tasted great and was at a great value of only 5 dollars which made me super happy to get cheap, good sushi.
I was able to use my in-store rewards to save money on a shopping purchase. 
My husband and I purchased brand new couches after having had the same couches that we bought off Craigslist used 9 years ago! 
I was able to buy a new book, rather than simply borrow it from the library! 
I finally made the decision on which telescope I am going to purchase for my first one so am very excited about that.
My friend bought the Nintendo Switch and we played together.
Thanks to the tasks done in mechanical turk earn enough money and I was able to buy by amazon an overlock machine for my sewing work
I bought a new pair of jean on sale that was 50% off and much cheaper than what I would have paid if I had bought it just a week earlier. 
Yesterday, Postmates offered me free delivery through today, so I put my frozen meal in the freezer at work and ordered tacos. They were really good. 
The coffee I ordered this morning was exceptionally good.
I bought a leather Naruto bracelet for my friend's son for his birthday and he was very thrilled and happy about it. 
I bought a present for mothers day.
I found a spare oil filter and didn't have to buy one. 
I bought a watermelon from Costco and it was extremely ripe, a good choice.
I purchased my girlfriend's birthday gift, tickets to her favorite band, last month and she has no idea that we are going next week so it's going to be awesome.
I received a rebate check in the mail for gas I have purchased in the last month.
I was measured and ordered a new custom suit for myself.
My birthday was last month and I was able to go out to eat (which I rarely indulge in) and I ordered several sushi rolls with my boyfriend. It was a great evening! 
Happy I was able to buy scrapbook supplies to make my sister in law a book for her shower
I was very happy when I opened the freezer to find that my husband had bought me my favorite ice cream.
I finally got the chance to buy tickets to see one of my favorite artists, John Mayer, for the first time.
My partner and I were looking at houses to buy and we found one we really liked. 
I ordered bubble tea for lunch. 
I bought a dozen donuts, more specifically, cronuts.
I purchased new furniture for my bedroom.
It was happened when I was in middle school. It was a beautiful sunny day. I used to go to school at 8 and my school started at 8:30. When school started we learned our lessons. The break time was 10:00. So at the break time we ate our lunch in our class. That day my lunch was very delicious, so I ate very fast. After having lunch I went to the cafeteria as usual with my friends. Our school cafeteria was vey popular and its was famous for it coffee. Just across from the cafeteria the smell of coffee made us want to drink.

As we were close friends, we enjoyed making jokes together. We always teased each other while we are in the way. We all were 5 together; Ye Nandi is tall and slim girl, Aye Myat Khine is very small girl like a Thumbelina, Sett Lett Kg is a beautiful girl, May Chen is a cute girl, and I. On that day May Chen teased me all that way to the cafeteria. She still teasing me when we got to the cafeteria. When we got there we bought some snacks and drinks for us and looked around the cafeteria. We chatted with the other friends also. At that time the thing I had never expected to me. That was my friend, May Chen, teased me again and unfortunately my Longyi fall down. Longyi is our traditional skirt. The cloth is often sewn into a cylindrical shape. It is worn around the waist, running to the feet. It is held in place by folding fabric over, without a knot. It is also sometimes folded up to the knee for comfort. Similar garments are found in India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, the Malay Archipelago, and Juiz de Fora. Everyone was looking at me and laughing at me. At that time I don't know what I have to do. My face was red like a tomato because of my shyness. So I picked up my Longyi and dressed up my self and run straight to the class and cried a lot.
My girlfriend came ot my house,a after buying me food, and just slept on my lap. It was really nice.
I ordered a new spinner from Fidget LA and it had chips on the buttons, so I emailed them and they're sending me new ones right away with no charge!
I ordered a new set of speakers to fix my broken ones.
I bought a lot of clothes online, especially from Korea.
I bought a new travel pillow.
 I used an eBay coupon to buy The Legend of Zelda: Skyward Sword for the Wii at significantly less than market value.
It made me very happy to buy me a new watch in an online store.
I purchase a new maruti Swift car.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when me and my boyfriend were fighting and my best friend offered me to come stay at her house and live there if I needed to, she lives with her boyfriend and she didn't have to do that for me but she was willing to have me move into her house just because my boyfriend wanted to not live together anymore. I didn't end up going to live with her, but that whole weekend I stayed over there and she talked with me the whole weekend and bought a bunch of junks and movies and helped me through it. That made me so happy, and realize that I have such a great best friend and I don't know what I would do without her.
I bought myself a candy bar.
When my taxes hit I was very excited. I got to buy my kids whatever they wanted.
I purchased a Laptop last month and that moment makes me feel happy.
I purchased a new mobile, two months ago and I was happy.
I bought a new 2 BHK Apartment for me and my family near my workplace.
Last month i bought a new cycle for my kid she was happy and i was also very happy because i taught her how to do the cycling. she is very good in learning and she has improved a lot after 15 days of learning.
I got approved for a loan to purchase a home.
I received my shoes and veil for my upcoming wedding. The veil was made with french lace and was everything I asked for. My shoes were to die for. They were better in person than online. They are flats with a square toe and satin ribbons that wrap around your ankles. They look EXACTLY like real ballet shoes! I couldn't stop staring at them and had to force myself to stop wearing them. That night I went online and bought another pair to wear immediately! 
Went to Walgreen's and made a purchase and had enough reward points built up to cover the whole purchase.
Two Months before i attended Book Fair Festival Event and i purchased a rare books which makes me so very happy.
I purchased a new bicycle and rode several miles for the first time in almost a decade.
I went to Coachella weekend two and I was anxious for it the minute I bought the ticket. I've been stressed due to work, school and relationships, it was very relieving to be free from it all for a week. It was nice to be able to socialize with my friends unrelated to school or work, but to simply turn off our engineering brains for once and to just have fun. 
I bought an album called symphonic fantasies. It's features orchestral music from some Japanese composers I really enjoy.
I bought a new home
I bought two very nice stainless steel kettles which have to be quite durable and long lasting.
I received my prepurchased copy of Nier Automata for the PS4 via the mail.
I purchased a new car and paid for half of it in cash.
I bought a new 50 inch Smart TV.
I ordered some snacks and they were really good.
I saved $20 on an online order due to an error on their part.
I bought a super cute new pair of sandals. 
My uncle bought tickets for me, him, and my two cousins to go see a Yankees game in July.
I have been working very hard to help some families who do not speak English.  It has been a big challenge because I also do not speak their language and communication is very difficult.  I'm not always certain they understand my broken usage of their language.  Two months ago, after working with these families for about a month, I had to send a note home with a form that needed signed in order to continue services.  I used an online translation service to help me write the note and sent the letters home.  All three letters returned the following day with the appropriate signatures,  I was so excited at how quickly the families returned the letters as many of my English-speaking families take multiple reminders to get the same letter returned.  I reminded me how appreciative the families are of my hard work and how much I enjoy working with them.
I have bought an air conditioner and a washing machine 10 days ago which made me happy.I are so excited to use the appliances
I finally bought tickets for me and my wife to visit barcelona. Ive always wanted to visit and now am looking forward to planning for this trip.
I bought an electronic that was hard to find in stores
I went out to eat with my boyfriend and the pizza we ordered was delicious!
My son bought an english bulldog puppy.
I bought a new cellphone.
Coming home to see that my wife bought some cookies for us to share. 
My wife and I found land that we really liked and plan to buy. 
I bought a new shirt for myself.
I purchased a pair of leggings that were beautiful and made me feel thinner.
I bought  a cabinet for our dining room.
I finally received a new bed that I had saved for months to purchase, and finally woke up with no back pain for the first time in three years.
I bought a new car two months ago that  I love. 
I went to the grocery store and bought ice cream.
I bought a new bike that I have really enjoyed riding on a near daily basis.
I bought Persona 5 for the PS4, which has turned out to be an amazing game.
I bought a new care last week.
I recently got a new black lab puppy while I was visiting the pet store because this dog and I bonded instantly, he loves me so much I never expected it to happen like this, so I had to buy him.
I bought a new suitcase.
my girlfriend bought me a new cellphone after mine died
I was very happy when boss bought me a new cell phone.
I bought a new hand cream that smells of iris, the flower. I love it. Leaves my hands smelling amazing for a few hours.
When I went to buy the wood floor it usually costs $0.99 a plank and they were on sale for $0.53 I put in a whole floor for under $30.00
I bought more clothes today, from a Korean store I have been wishing it shipped to America. It finally started to, so I am excited to receive the items! 
I qualified for a loan in order to purchase a home. It was great to have been able to qualify because of my good credit. 
buying my first car it was a great feeling. And I am sure everyone would feel the same way
I preordered a new album coming out soon.
I bought a new game system with money i had saved up
the day i bought my first DSLR,Photography is my hobby i planned to buy one dslr for more than a year finally i bought last month to click my little baby that day made me happy
I bought a video game that I had been waiting to come out.
I purchased a new smartphone.
When I found out the purse I have always wanted to buy was in final sale, so I bought it.
We purchased a new desktop computer.
I purchased a set of famous books and get it in reduction price.
* We bought a car

I bought new bras.
I bought a new video game a few days ago
I got my amazon order in the mail today
I bought a LP shirt last month. it is having a rare color and so I am very much happy to be unique.
I bought a new car.
My dog has a severe anxiety disorder and doesn't show a lot of affection. About two weeks ago she came and laid in my lap and stayed there for a while. 
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I bought a car that I had dreamed of since I was a kid
unfortunately, i went to my grandma house. on that day, my brother came there. that day is his birthday, suddenly i am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things. on seeing the gifts which i selected, he felt very blissful.
I bought a new faucet for my sink.
I was able to fix up an old bike I bought from the pawn shop and now it works and looks great!
I bought a  beagle puppy
I purchased the thing I wanted to buy.
I purchased a new Lenovo mobile phone yesterday.
I had a long hard day at home with my baby who was sick, so my husband offered to buy a pizza on the way home so I didn't have to cook.  
My kid called me and shouted for not purchased toys for him as requested by him. Then I promised him that I will purchase today and give it to him. He was so happy and expressed his happiness so cutely.
I bought a makeup product that I've been trying to obtain for nearly 3 years.
My dad was able to buy a new truck for himself. 
I bought a new motorbike.
I bought a blue gingham dress, and did my hair and make up to resemble Dorothy Gale from The Wizard of Oz, which is one of my favourite movies; I felt adorable.
I finally found someone that would buy my old car after months of waiting.
I bought the perfect gift for my wife for mother's day.
I went to buy laundry detergent and it was on sale.
Finally got all the materials bought for our new bathroom
I found a puppy to buy that's in my price range.
I finally bought a course to jump start my business that I have been wanting to do for a long while.
I bought a new dress.
My wife bought me a new shirt.
I sold all of my items in stock to one buyer. That feeling was great. 
I helped my father purchase a stock that I think will be very successful. 
I bought a mechanical string toy for my cat who was bored and still loves the toy to this day.
Another event that made me happy in the past 3 months was being able to buy my mom a gift for mother's day.
I received my pre-ordered game.
My cousin took me for a ride in his small prop plane in order to log hours for his pilot's license. 
My spouse and I spent a Sunday binge watching Game of Thrones and ordered in pizza.
I purchased a Iphone which was my very long desire come to an end made me very happy.
I recently went on a trip with my husband to a small historic town. We purchased tickets for a scenic train ride, and really enjoyed it. The ride was beautiful and relaxing, and ended with a stop at a waterfall that was only accessible by train.
I purchased some new scuba diving equipment that I plan to use on my next vacation.
An event that made me happy was watching my dad sell a piece of land that he had been selling for awhile because he wanted the money very badly and needed it to make some essential repairs on his home and to buy some medicine that he has been needing. This made me happy because I know that he had been needing it for some time. 
Being able to order some pretty rare and hard to get beer
buying a video game system, I dont have much free time so I really enjoy it.
Last week I checked my bank account and realized that I got money back after I ordered something online, it was actually more than I paid, so I pretty much got paid a few dollars to buy something, which I thought was quite hysterical.
I bought a one year visa for Vietnam.
I bought a new watch.
The computer monitor I ordered is on it's way for delivery.
I needed to buy some stone and when I went to the store it was on sale and got it half price!
My friends bought us a free round of drinks at the bar last weekend.
I just ordered flowers for my mom and wife, who is also a mother now, and feeling great to have them both here with me.
I bought my mother a nice gift for mother's day.
I just bought a pool table and im looking forward to playing with my friends.
I found a great home that I would like to purchase that is below my mortgage qualification amount. This is my first home and therefore I am excited about the purchase. The only problem is that there are several offers on the property, thus there's competition and I might not get the house.
My mom bought me my favorite cookies and they were very tasty.
I bought a new fish and the fish was very happy which made me happy.
We bought a new car two weeks ago.
I bought a new laptop.
I attended a live action role playing group in order to write about them but I ended up participating and really enjoyed it!
I bought some new running clothes and they fit very well.
Being able to buy my wife a very special mother's day present for this Sunday.
My grandma was nice enough to buy me a new phone because mine broke and I didn't have the money to buy one.
I found a new brand of pork cracklings at the store, and ate them, and they were really good, way better than the ones I'd been buying previously.
I bought a new outfit.
Was able to purchase a car I have always wanted with my parents help when I graduated University. 
I spent my evening cleaning and getting my life back in order.
I bought a new cap from Amazon and it fitted me very well.
An article of clothing I ordered turned out to be the proper size, so I didn't need to return it. 
when my neighbor buying my favorite clothes. 
We went out to lunch and didn't realize it was buy one and get one free day, so got our meals half price when we weren't expecting it. 
There is this six year chubby little boy living a few houses away from my place. I see him daily on the road playing with his friends whenever I go out for buying something in the store close by. Last week I had bought some cotton candy just for my little friend. I was irritated when I did not see him all these days. I was carrying the candy in my bag in case I saw him on the way when I went out. Imagine my surprise and the boy's delight when I saw him yesterday. He just took the candy and ran home. He could not wait even to say "Thank you, Uncle"
Got my annual dividend from REI and used it to make a purchase I have been saving up for.
we went to exhibition last month.they my children and myself enjoyed giant wheel ,train,Columbus and we purchased toys and had food there.played happily.we enjoyed a lot.
I bought a new house last month.I have been living in a rent house since my childhood.Now i am living in my own house.I'm feeling great.I felt very proud and extremely happy.I can able to live in this house in my entire life.
I bought new home and new car and that moment makes me feel happy.
I purchased a new guitar, which I was delighted to add to my collection.
Another event in the past 3 months that made me happy would be when i bought myself a large tv to enjoy.
I have buy new car for my son
I bought a 10 dollar lottery scratch ticket, and I won 40 dollars.
I had ordered a birthday cake to my sister in online and got a cashback. She was very happy and called me immediately and this event made me happy though we are in different places.
I bought a new car
I went out to eat with my sister and she surprised me by ordering a set of pancakes to share. They were delicious.
one day a blind man sold natural scenario photos, god's photos etc. he said that it prices each rs 250. but a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each rs 300. i really felt to salute him for what happens.
Once I was driving and waiting at traffic signal to merge freeway and saw one homeless man standing there on footpath. I felt pity for him and went ahead to merge on freeway.
Couple of seconds later, I felt something deep in my heart. I took next U-turn and went to a general stores to buy him something to eat. Then I went back to that traffic signal. I gave it to him. He said thank you and I couldn't say anything to him just smiled and left.

That day I felt something which I hadn't felt for a while in my life.
I think it is called "Happiness".
i purchase the new tv. its very beautiful.i am very happy to see the tv.
I bought two new great lipsticks. 
I bought tickets to LegoLand for my daughter and I.
My parents agreed to go in with us on our daughter's birthday gift, a membership to a children's museum, as opposed to my mother buying her something impractical. 
I bought a Nintendo Switch gaming console and felt the thrill of nostalgia run through my mind. 
I became happy when I finally purchased a computer that I have been wanting for over 3 years.
My friend and I bought tickets to go see Celine Dion in concert.
I bought a new bag.
My girlfriend and I went to buy some milk bobba tea in kung fu tea.
When the vending machine gave me two bags of Ruffles when I only bought one.

I bought a new car. 
I bought a new lens for my SLR camera and took some sunset images with a polarization filter.
I bought a new vinyl today
A package that I ordered arrived.
I bought a new laptop.
I bought the new iphone that was released
I purchased a new pair of shoes.
I bought a game on sale for a really good price.
I bought a new mic.
i bought a bunch of donuts for the workforce
What made me happy today was buying new haircare products at the store. 
I had enough money to buy ice cream at the food store
When I bought a tablet for myself. I love watching stuff in my bed, and a tablet beats both a laptop and a phone. Cozy viewing.
My ex bought the new release of Tampopo and invited me over to watch.
Got my Soylent order
I learned how to divide flowers I had planted several years ago, thus reducing the number that I would have otherwise had to buy to plant this year.
I bought a new leather work chair.
Yesterday I ordered chicken biriyani and found a reasonable amount of chicken pieces in the dish. That made me feel slightly happy.
The other day i bought my wife some perfume to surprise her on mother's day with.
I bought my camaro that I'd been waiting to buy for over a year.
I got to buy a new record from my favorite musician this is a small event but something that i will enjoy for a long time 
The barista at Starbucks remembered my name when I ordered my regular drink.
When I bought myself the new yeezy boost shoes. 
my husband bought me a new piece of jewel that is highly attractive.I have been  asking for it for the past two months and finally he presented me with it 15 days ago.It was sure a precious and happy moment for me
Newly launched Samsung Galaxy phone bought
I reconnected with one of my old friends. We caught up and now he just bought a computer so we can play video games together again.
I purchased a New TV and TV stand.
I bought a new bike which is costly and love to ride in my bike.
I bought new laptop with latest config
My fiance and I bought a house. 
Yesterday I buyed clothes for dad and sister they liked it a lot am happy for it
Just tonight I bought "The Bob Newhart Show" complete series on DVD from Amazon. I'm very excited because I'm a huge fan of Bob Newhart and that show.
It was two days ago (tuesday may 9) on my friend's birthday. Our group of friends had already bought the birthday girl a watch that she always wanted as a surprise for you birthday. But over the weekend she was saying that she wanted to buy the watch for herself and we tried so hard to convince her not to buy the watch without revealing the surprise. Then on the birthday dinner with her we showed her the watch and she was moved to tears. Knowing that she was so happy and moved made me really happy.
I purchased a laptop two months ago and it is helping with my work and I am happy.
I bought a new 3 BHK apartment for me and my family near to my workplace.
My husband and I went bought and planted new plants for our yard.
Last month i bought a new VILLA for my family.
i recently went to purchase a car and it turned out to be better then what i expected 
When I ordered new PC parts, and it felt like christmas.
Happiness is when my first purchase from Amazon US store went well and smooth, considering the logistical nature of it.
Finally I bought my electric guitar - Yamaha, nice sound.
I ordered pizza for dinner and it was great.
I went to the mall and bought new running shoes.
I got to buy and use my virtual reality headset.
I bought a new keyboard and mouse.
I bought a new house last month.I have been living in a rent house since my childhood.Now i am living in my own house.I'm feeling great.I felt very proud and extremely happy.I can able to live in this house in my entire life.


I was very happy when my sister bought me a nice shirt.
i buy new headset games cause the old one was broken
I bought a new keyboard and mouse. I desperately needed them.
When i purchased a new Smartphone it made me very happy as its having all latest features and bigger screen size than my previous one.I was so happy that i had ordered food from restaurant to celebrate my happiness.
I lost twenty pounds and was able to to buy a few new clothes items. 
i bought a new air cooler in my home
In the past three months, I was able to purchase a new car. I have been wanting that car for a time now, and I'm so glad that through hard work, I was able to accomplish it.
I bought iPhone last month and its features drive me crazy.
I bought a new home
Last month i got increment in my office. i was so happy. That amount was very useful in my life. I was paid in my college fees and also used for purchased in dresses.
We picked up the chain saw yesterday that we special ordered!
I was searching online for a certain vitamin mix that was hard to find. I searched many stores, and well as websites for regular brick and mortar stores, no one seemed to carry the vitamin mix  I needed. However, I did find one store that was over seas that carried the vitamin mix in one capsule and I promptly ordered it! 
We bought a car two months before and it made me very happy.
I bought a new car for the first time in my life.
I bought a new cellphone.
I bought a new dress.
When I bought a new car a few months ago, despite the issues we had with the dealer, it made me very happy.
I was able to buy my dad a cake and nice dress shirt. 
Last night, I went to a local copy shop to order large prints of photos to hang in my wall on my day off and the worker at the store said I had pretty eyes and that he gets distracted when talking to pretty women.
An event that made me happy in the past three months was when I quit my one part time job and became full time at the other in order to become a barber. 
Recently, my husband and I bought a new home. It made me happy to see how much my 4-year-old son loved the house and was exited to move. Prior to finding this house, he had not wanted to leave his old house, but this one made me say, "Can this be our new house?" This solidified our decision to move. 
I bought my brother a laptop and when I gave it to him, his excitement made me very happy.
This week I purchased a smartwatch for my son. The whole enjoyed the smiles of the kid after the purchase of what he wished for arrived on our doorsteps.
I buy a new TV furniture .
We bought a house last month by our hard earned money and I was absolutely happy and emotional.It was a dream come true and I will always remember that day.When I entered into the house I was extremely happy which I can't explain in words.
I bought my first stocks in a local company.
I went to the mall and purchased a new pair of weightlifting shoes.
I was given a discount of 20% on buying a new washer
The moment my husband and I stepped over the threshold into the new house we bought made me elated.
I bought a new dress for a graduation banquet. 
When my boyfriend bought me chinese food.
Recently, we purchased a new flat screen tv for the family and I felt very happy.
I purchased a video game I was waiting over 2 years to play.
My daughter remembered my birthday by offering to buy me an airline ticket to fly out to visit with her for a few days this month. It made me so happy and excited. It is now less than a week until I will see her and spend time with her in the city.
I bought new curtains for the bedroom and they're beautiful.
I bought a new coat.
Receiving a refund on a dress my significant other bought because we don't need to go to the event anymore made me happy.
I bought a new gun for personal protection.
I was elated to finally purchase my own motorcycle and finally learn how to ride my own bike.
I bought a new Fuel EX-8 mountain bike.
My credit card company offered me a discount on something I'd been thinking about buying anyway.
Earning enough turking money to order an item both kids wanted for their birthdays (a video game and a tool box to hold art supplies.)
I was happy when my brother bought me lunch for having taken him to the doctor.
I bought a new car the other day. It was a car I selected based on my preferences and a test drive at the dealership. I had been driving a 14 year old car so it was really nice to get a brand new car with a new car smell. 
I bought an awesome brand new computer to play video games on.
I was feeling grateful thinking about spending time with my mom and wife on mother's day, I ordered flowers for them.
unfortunately, i went to my grandma house on that day my brother came there that day is his birthday suddenly i am go to giftz shop with him and then we purchased many things on seeing the gifts which i selected he felt very blissful
I am a member of support staff at work and they bought lunch for us.  there was a meeting going on that we werent a part of but the managers wanted to make sure we got to order and eat something too.  Most of us dont make as much money and bring lunch and it was nice they thought of us.  
I enrolled myself in a raffle ticket before a month.Last week i received a phone call stating that i have won the raffle with third price worth $500.I was very happy that i could buy me and my husband some clothings and accessories.It was a happy moment for me in the last month.
I bought a new car and I really like it.
I purchased a pair of new shoes and they fit me perfectly.
i purchased a new iphone because my old one was not working well. I was really happy to have a new working cell phone.
I was able to buy many things I needed for an upcoming party.
I found a buyer for my parents home.
In our we bought 54 inch LED TV two weeks ago, we replaced old model TV. we all are happy to watch TV in big screen. 
I bought a new car for me and my family.
When the nearby grocery store reduced the price of chicken breasts when purchased in bulk 

One month before me and my mom went to shopping mall for purchase some home need things. Usually we pay through credit card and debit card. That day i was forget my wallets in my home. I can't realize i was missed my wallet. But finally we purchased everything and waited in queue for pay the bill, That time only i started to search my wallet and i understood "Oh god i kept my wallet at home, How can i pay now. I conveyed about this with my mom, mom also excited. Both are confused and thinking what we will do.. Suddenly that time i met my office friend thomas i told about this matter with him. He agreed to help me and he pays the bills. I was happy and my mom also happy. That was good experience moving forward i never forget my wallets. Whenever i will go out, i will check i have wallet first i have wallet or not!.
I got a nice discount on shoes I bought that I didn't expect to be on sale.
My hubby bought a new car from his own earnings. 
I bought Boba Tea
I bought a new car today
I bought my mother a present.
I bought a dress
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I bought a burrito and donuts last night.
i bought a new air cooler in my home
The Mother's Day present I ordered arrived on time before next Sunday despite a shipping delay that threatened to make it late.
I bought plane tickets to go on vacation with my girlfriend!
i bought a new car
Ten days ago, we bought a Shift car for 9 lakhs. My two sons were very much happy and we all went out for an outing in our new car & enjoyed the trip.
My husbands birthday. I bought him a smoker/grill. We've used it every weekend since...
I bought a new sofa for my home.
I ordered Chinese food for dinner last night.
I Got my First car that I bought for myself
I bought a new street bike last month that is a blast. 
I buy a new lamp for my Living room.
I bought a car this month.It was my dream from childhood to own a car and at last  I bought it and I was super happy.I was on the cloud when I took it from the showroom.It was a great feeling to make the dream real.
When your online purchase finally arrives at your house.
When someone wants to take a picture with you.
When your dentist tells you you don't have any cavities.
I bought a new 55 inch Samsung smart television.
Before my wife's passing she made arrangements for my and the kids birthdays in secret involving her sister. She completed letters, and purchased gifts. When April 21st rolled around this had an immense impact when out of nowhere my son was presented with a letter from her mom, and several gifts from her. 
Several weeks ago, my oldest son purchased his first car with money he has earned.
I bought my mom a cake for Mother's Day- I picked one out and gave it to her early because she said that was okay seeing as I would be out that day.  It was fun to choose and she really loves cake, so I know she was so happy with it.
I bought new running shoes that were on sale 
I bought some new shoes online.
When I bought tickets and planned a trip to PAX Prime.
I bought new tires for my car.
I bought airplane tickets for a vacation.
My brother finally bought a home for his family.
I bought a new TV for myself and a new one for my mother as well.
I bought an item online for half off of the normal retail price.
another event is when i bought my first motorcycle...not used but new,with only a few miles on it..
I made an impulse buy last night on eBay and bought an industrial rock tumbler for myself.
I bought a really cool giant patio umbrella for a lot cheaper than the one I originally wanted.
I found some fidget spinners at a local store (Kroger's) and my kids are really into those. I bought some for them. The thought of them seeing them makes me feel happy!
I bought a git for my mom (Mother's Day)
I bought a new video game.
My older brother randomly bought me a video game (Yakuza 0) because he wanted me to try it.
I bought a new watch.
I purchased a new xbox one game.
Yesterday I bought one of my clients a bike and just seeing his face and excitement was enough for me to be happy all day.
i am buying the cycle yesterday.
On my way in to work I found a dollar in the parking lot, so I bought two Yoohoos this morning. I don't normally carry cash, so I rarely drink soda. 
I planned a spontaneous trip to visit friends in Washington, D.C. I got to buy the plane tickets and plan my travel then surprise them with the fact that I was coming to visit.
I purchased my new favorite pair of shoes I've ever had. 
When i got to buy my new video game that i have been wanting for a while.
We bought a new washer, dryer, and dishwasher.
A friend of mine finally bought a video game that i been playing for the pass 3 months so we could play together online against others.
Earning even MORE money turking to order additional gifts for the kids (art supplies to fill in the tool box and misc science-related items). Can't wait to place another order soon!
I bought a new lawnmower and it's so easy to use.  
Finally receiving an sms telling me to pick up a package with some stuff I've bought a month ago.
We purchased a pickle in the market.
one day a blind man sold natural scenario photos god's photos etc. he said that it prices each rs 250. but a gentle genuine man bought that all items for each rs 300. i really felt to salute him for what happens.
I ordered my favorite pizza from my favorite shop and had it delivered as a treat. 
There was a lady in front of me buying some government food. She wanted to try something but could not afford it. I told the cashier that I would pay for it and I did. 
I received in the mail my online order for a tweed hat from the U.K..
I exchange my old bike and purchased a new one.
Went shopping and bought a new addition for my funko collection
My dad bought me some fruit.
i made a purchase to upgrade my computer 
Some comfy pants that I ordered arrived in the mail.
My brother bought me a sushi burrito that I really wanted to try.
i buy a coffee machine, and try a new taste of coffee
I ordered more protein off of Amazon and got two day shipping two days ago.
i bought a new air cooler in my home
When the shirt I ordered arrived safe and sound at my doorstep.
when I received a big order for my business
My parents bought me a new iPod Classic as a surprise present.
I bought a new home
I was able to buy my mom some nice Mother's Day gifts this year!
Last week, we bought 20 pairs of love birds in various colors. Their attractive look, their sweet sounds, the way of eating their food, the way they play with each other etc., made my sons filled with immense joy.
The result was published at around 11.00 am and I found that I did exceptionally well. I was so relieved and happy that I literally shouted. Then I hurriedly came back to our home and gave the news to my parents. They were happy too. My father bought sweets and my mother gave it to our neighbours. I felt excited, happy and relieved. At that time I was about 15 years old. It happened in our hometown called (... say the name of your hometown...)  

I bought a new stove.
I was able to go to the store and purchase an unnecessary but wanted item without worrying about money.
bought new car
Visiting a local bookstore, exploring it, and buying a book that turned out very helpful and that book is called The Power of Now.
I buy a new serious mass protein for my workouts.
I ordered a new bed set off amazon. 
I bought a really nice watch.
I bought plane tickets for a vacation
We bought a little slide for my daughter. She loves it, and watching her have so much fun makes me happy.
I bought a new Kindle tablet because my other one was broken and for a while I had no tablet.
I found and purchased a vintage magazine rack
Me and my friend went to beach resort and enjoyed the beach walk. Later we ordered lunch and chat among us. For sometime we took oil massage and enjoyed the day.
I finally bought a new car.
I bought a new office chair.
I moved the furniture out of my house, prepping for buying my new one.
My girlfriend surprised me by showing up to my work mid-morning to bring me a couple of energy drinks that I normally buy before work, but that I was unable to purchase this morning because I got a late start.
i buy a new weight scale for my house.
My best friend surprised me by buying a pair of Chuck Taylor II shoes for me. He knows I like that style of shoe, and he had previously purchased a pair for himself at a good price at the outlet mall. They're just a pair of shoes, but it reinforced my feeling of how much he cares about me.
I bought a makeup item I'd wanted for a while.
I recently bought a new car.
Getting my gas-powered weed trimmer to work with the new carburetor I ordered from Chine on Amazon.com.
My friend bought me a ticket to see one of my favorite bands, Mastodon because I couldn't afford to go otherwise.
Received my order of Jelly Beans that I hadn't had in years!
buying my sailboat
I bought a flight to vietnam.
I bought myself a box of my favorite ice cream snacks at the store today, and I can't wait to have one.
For some years now, I have been mowing my large lawn with a push lawn mower, which means the task could take up to four hours to complete without interruptions. Last month, I finally purchased a driving lawn mower, which has cut down my lawn mowing time to just over one hour. This made me very happy.
My wife wanted to buy a diamond ring for a few months now. I've been continuously delaying to buy the ring for her. Last month I gifted her the same diamond ring on her birthday. She was surprised and amazed by the gift. She complimented me and kissed me. Seeing someone we love happy  is the happiest moment of all. That's one hell lot of happy moment.
I finally managed to assemble my custom PC from newegg. I bought it in April and I had a hard time figuring out why some of the hardware were not recognizable by the motherboard.
Came home from work one day and my boyfriend had cleaned the house and bought me flowers.
I just bought a car 2 months ago. I have never owned a new car ever.this was my first. I have saved$10,000 for this big event in my life. There had not been a moment as happy i was to buy this car. 
I bought a second home
Being able to buy my husband a new marble cutting board with the money I've earned on MTurk as a surprise gift.
I bought myself a new car.
I went to the convenience store to pick up a drink and was surprised to see a new drink which I bought called "Dew S A" and I loved it.
I purchased a movie on Blu-ray that I wanted yesterday.
I gathered the courage to make a call in order to potentially get a job interview. I have very high anxiety so i was very happy.
My wife bought me a new shirt which I love very much
I bought a wine glass that I have been looking for. I have been searching for it for a long time.
today i bought a reusable snack bag
I made a bonus at my work and that really helped me be happy because I could buy some of the things that I wanted to buy. For example, I was finally able to buy my favorite TV that I wanted. It made a difference and made me really happy. 
My wife and I finally found land that we are in the process of buying after many months of looking. 
Last month i bought me a new handbag.It was really amazing experience when i first bought it.I felt myself  sexy when i bought it.I am glad that the handbag suits well with most of my dresses.I am so happy to have the bag for me.
I bought a new car
I test drove a new car that I am looking to buy
I went to a exhibition and purchased many items get in discount rate.
I bought a new watch.
Going to the mall and buying some clothes.
I purchased a new Samsung mobile phone.
I bought a remote controlled toy car for my son and he was very happy.
Last week I have ordered for a new enfield bike
I got a first order for my jewelry business
I was happy the day I bought my Harley Davidson.
I bought a new 3 BHK Apartment near my workplace for me and my family.
For Mother's Day, I bought 12-piece KFC meal with 3 sides to take home. We ate until we couldn't eat anymore. 
I bought a new cellphone.
I bought a new dress for my daughter.
My mom took me to the casino on my birthday and gave me $100 to play with. Being unemployed, it is rare that I ever have any extra money to play with or use for myself.  Going in, my thought was 'how best can I enjoy the evening at the casino and still go home with some money in my pocket to keep for myself'.  It wasn't long before the $100 dwindled away.  I was bummed because now I would not have nothing to show for my birthday extravaganza.  Then my mom starting winning and graciously gave me another $20 to play with.  So I started over with a new plan to play slow and small in order to maximize my play time and increse chance of winning.  and then it happened, I hit a nice one on my 30 cent bet and won $200.  Yeah!! So I decided to play for a little longer to celebrate and what do you know...I hit another good win for $500.  Double Yeah!!  I walked out of the casino that night with over $700 in my pocket.. just for me.  I was so happy.
I bought my mother a expensive phone for her birthday.
A stranger paid for my drive-thru order.
I bought a new home
I got to order a new line of make-up that I really like 
I bought a brand new mattress for better sleep.
I went to Giant to buy groceries and they had Jimmy Dean breakfast bowls on sale. I love the ones with sausage and gravy and with my coupons they were only a buck each. I bought 4.
I bought locally grown produce that was very tasty
I Purchased a rice-cooker. I can master most forms of cooking, but I've never managed to cook rice without burning it. So I purchased a rice-cooker from my local store.
I bought a dozen donuts that were exceptionally delicious.
i bought a motorcycle after months of putting it off.
My daughter bought me a framed photo of her wedding day.
I purchased a new cellphone for my mom.
My husband bought me a Keurig coffee maker as a gift.
I bought my dog a new bone.
I ordered pizza for dinner because I was tired.
My son bought me flowers and candy for Mother's Day.
My parents bought me a diaper subscription from Amazon so they are paying for diapers for my son indefinitely. 
A store had a sale on something that I buy very frequently.
I bought my mother a present for her birthday and mother's day.
The house that my wife and I were renting came up for sale and we decided to buy it.
My subscribe and save amazon order was delivered today
I bought a Nintendo Switch and it has been so much fun to play.  I am really enjoying it.
My grandpa bought me some hash browns from McDonald's without me asking for them. 
Spent the Saturday with my friends for a friend's bday. We tried a new place it eat and it was AMAZING. So much so, I ordered a second dish to take back home with me. 
Last month i bought a new AIR CONDITIONER.
Receiving the poster I ordered last week.
When I finally got a nintendo switch after trying to buy one more months
I went to the mall and bought an Apple Watch.
My Amazon order came a day earlier than expected.
I ordered tacos for lunch and they were delicious.
Received a notification from my carrier saying my recently purchased cellphone will be on my hands before my mom's birthday on june 9th
I recently purchased an elliptical on Craigslist.  Being able to exercise on it makes me happy.  I am able to do cardio at any time of the day and even when the weather is not ideal for walking or running.
The book I ordered last week arrived early.
The day I bought my first new car
I bought my tickets to go to Atlantic city.
I saved enough money to preorder a special edition of a game I've been wanting to play for awhile. 
I bought a new tv that has apps built into it so that I no longer have to connect my computer to the tv to stream things. I can now be on the computer and watch tv at the same time.
I bought a really pretty outfit to wear to the wedding.
My parents who saw me struggling without  a bike decided to buy me a new bike and kept as a secret and surprised me last month.I don't know how should I thank them.My bike makes my day a lot better and I am feeling a lot happy now.
I have been eyeing for a purchase for some weeks and I finally found a good deal and I pulled the trigger on the purchase.
I ordered a pizza for dinner tonight. With how tight money has been its nice that i could enjoy something for myself.
My mom bought me a new dress.
I was happy when I was finally able to purchase the headphones I had been looking at for three months.
I purchased a new watch last month and I was happy.
I was able to purchase my first car.
I ordered plane tickets to go visit my cousin in California this summer.
Went for shopping to purchase dresses for the birthday of my daughter. There was a great discount offer available and felt happy to buy dresses that she liked.
I bought a new laptop.
Last month i bought a new cell phone and i was very happy because i had been planning to buy for the past months. now i can take sharp  clear photos and i can use my cell phone for my office use because it will be very much helpful for me to prepare my presentations.
I bought a new dress
I bought a new bike to my kid.
I bought tickets to Universal Studios Hollywood.
I bought a new car for my family.
I bought new car which made me happy
When my father came home from his site visit at night and bought us some fast food ,though I am 25 years old but these kind of memories cherishes me a lot
I got my first salary as Rs.3000/- I have spent Rs 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parent's, I felt so happy.That time, its a great money for me.
I got my first salary as Rs. 3000/- i have spent Rs. 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parent's i felt so happy that time, its a great money for me and my parents.

 I got my first salary as Rs.3000/- i have spent Rs 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parent's,i felt so happy.That time, its a great money for me and my parents.


I got my first salary as Rs. 3000/- i have spent Rs. 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parent's i felt so happy that time, its a great money for me and my parents.
I got my first salary as Rs.3000/- i have spent Rs 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parent's,i felt so happy.That time, its a great money for me and my parents.
i got my first salary as rs.3000/-.I have spent rs.3000/- to purchase costumes for my parent's,I felt so happy that time.Its a great money for me and my parents.
i got my first salary as rs.3000/-.I have spent rs.3000/- to purchase costumes for my parent's,I felt so happy that time.Its a great money for me and my parents.
I bought a new iphone
I bought some new dress clothes.
I was happy when I went to the store and found everything I wanted to get on sale, thus saving me a good bit of money.  This meant that I could buy other things that I did not need so much as wanted.  
I finally bought a new car and can drive myself around places without being dependent on anyone or any service.
i buy a bcaa supplement for my exercises in the gym.
I bought groceries for my family. 
I received a free gift item in the mail of a water bottle with my order of knitting supplies.
I bought lottery tickets for the first time in a few months.
I decided to buy a dog
Bought some really great sandals two weeks ago. Got them half off and they aren't the $4 crappy flip flops I usually buy that only last 3 or 4 months, so now I actually have some sandals to wear this summer.
I'm happy to have bought a new Xbox One.
the grocery delivery service I use had my whole order in stock.
My son bought me flowers and took me to dinner for Mothers Day.
I finally bought an instant pot after wanting one for a couple years.
I was able to declare my major and create an academic plan in order to complete my bachelors degree
Scallops were on sale at Fresh Thyme today, and I almost never buy them due to the cost.
I bought a new bird.
I went shopping with one of my best friends from high school. It was great because I really don't get to see him to often, we both bought a lot of stuff that we really didn't need.
Yesterday, I went to a Chipotle for the first time in years. I was very pleased by the burrito I purchased, and the deliciousness of the meal made me happy.
I unexpectedly sold some stuff on ebay. I had it listed for a couple of months, constantly reposting and reposting. I had given up at the prospects of getting rid of it, but kept posting it over and over anyway. I figured, hey, why not, right?
Last week, I woke up one morning, checked my phone, and sure enough someone had bought it! FINALLY!
It wasn't a lot, only 42 bucks, but man, that was really the thing I needed right then. It really set the tone for the rest of my day.
Last week when I was running back to my home after an extremely hard gym session. I got sun stroke. I almost fell to the ground. Then a couple of boys passing by helped me. Lifted me to my foot and bought a water bottle and poured it over my head. I was take to my home carefully. Then I was thinking about that situation and that made me happy. There are still people in this busy world that come forward to help others.
I bought for my mom yesterday a very nice purse and flower for mother's day and a gift card for Walmart.
I was happy when I got to finally purchase a new phone that I have been wanting for a long time.
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.

I recently bought a Nintendo Switch.  I had a lot of fun playing it.
I bought and cooked steaks for dinner last night without worrying about my budget.
In February I cashed out Vacation time in order to be paid out. This enabled me to have more spending money and for my spouse and I to go out which is something we've rarely been able to do lately. It was great going out and getting a prepared meal to enjoy together outside of our home.
My friend bought me breakfast this morning.
I bought a Kindle and it arrived in the mail.
My boss bought me lunch.
I bought myself a new pair of shoes. 
The special coffee I ordered came in yesterday and I had my first pot this morning.
I made an online purchase and a day later received a coupon for $10 off my next $30 purchase.
The tea infuser I bought turned out to be a great investment and I got to use it this morning.
We bought a beautiful historical picture in a yard sale this weekend. 
I bought my niece a customized throw for her and her husband for their wedding gift.  They absolutely LOVED it and I was SO happy about that.
I bought a new gaming console.
I found a good birthday present to buy my friend yesterday.
I am not a great gamer but when it gets serious I would play it even for hours.15 days ago I bought myself a PS4.The whole gaming experience was simply amazing and can't be explained in words.whenever I get time I play with it and get relaxed and make myself happy.
I was able to title the motorcycle I just bought.
Before 15 days i bought a energy drink powder which is to be mixed with milk to get drunk.After using for 15 days i really feel that i am not fully exhausted at the end of the day but which before i usually get exhausted before the day end.I am glad that the energy drink pushed up my potential.
I woke up feeling well rested, which is a pretty rare event for me, having a few sleep disorders.
This weekend, I'd grabbed some drinks with some friends, and I belatedly remembered that I'd recently purchased a charity thing that gave me free drinks at 2 of the 3 bars we went to, which ended up saving me ~$12.
My sons father bought me a very nice mothers day dinner
I went out and bought my daughter some new shoes. She loves them so much she asked me to put them on her when she woke up just so that she could run around the house in them, in her PJ's!
Happyiest moment of my life is Sep 3rd 2000,got my first salary as 1500/- i have sent rs 1000/- as money order to my parents,i felt so happy.That time its a great money for me and my parents.
I'm on target to make enough to buy the car I want.
My husband bought our family passes to an amusement park.
I was happy when my boss offered to buy me lunch unexpectedly.
Last month I found a dollar in the pocket of my freshly washed pants. It was pretty OK. I bought a hersheys bar. 
Last month i gifted my spouse a wonderful gift which she not refuse because she wanted to buy this for a year ago and i was very happy because she also felt very happy. 
My fiancA(c) bought my a picture I wanted so bad. I had been looking at it for months and it was so joyful to open my gift. 
I bought a new book. (I'm a bookworm)
I recently bought a new TV for my bedroom, the first time since moving into my house I have been able to afford to purchase any large piece of furniture or such. I remember the feeling when I went to the supermarket to pick one out and the euphoria rushing in my body.
In order to be productive we need to be organized. So should be your desk, your files and of course your desktop. A clean work space gives you a great push when you want to start new things or tasks. And a happy wallpaper should bring the smile on your face.
I ordered a pizza which came prepared just the way I like it, after several disappointing deliveries.
When I ordered my favorite cappuccino drink at the local coffee shop and spent time reading without interruption.
When I bought my own laptop last month. I had accumulated enough money to buy a laptop on my own and last month I bought an asus laptop. The feeling was amazing.
Falling asleep immediately.
When your online purchase finally arrives at your house.
When someone wants to take a picture with you.
My friend bought me a costly perfume when she won a lottery. I was so happy that she did so even though the amount that she won was not a huge one.
last sunday we bought rabbit from firm. it is very cute white rabbit with red color eyes. it is playing with our home child daily.
amazon already contact me, that my order was being shipped
I went to shopping mall with friends and purchase lot of things.
I took my cat Tommy to the vet last month because he had been able to eat for several weeks.  It was the same problem he had in November last year. the vet said he had an abscess in his mouth that was causing the pain which resulted in his inability to eat.  They took xrays and tests and gave him a steroid shot, etc.  I did not get the results or cause, but my cat was better (or so I thought).  It cost me $800 and being unemployed, it took me 3 months to pay back the loan i had gotten in order to pay for the vet bill.  Then in march, Tommy started having the same issue.  It had been 3 weeks since he had eaten much of anything. He was withering away before me and I was terrified he was going to die. I didn't know what to do. I didn't have the another $800 to take him back to the vet and I couldn't borrow again.  So I began an email campaign to the owner of the vet in order to get him to help Tommy and no cost or some type of low fee. It took more than a week but he finally called and said to bring Tommy in.  He gave Tommy a shot and some medicine and said that his abscess was benign.  Now Tommy is doing just fine.  I was/am so happy.  Without an option to pay, I was certain I would have had no option but to put him down.  But thanks to a little persuasion, a kind vet and the grace of god, Tommy is still here today to play with little kitty.  Tommy, little kitty and I are all very happy.
When I bought my android smartphone at an cheaper price which was very tough to buy online.
I bought a new car
I bought a new Wii U controller.
Was able to buy new running shoes
I bought a new book at a good price.
I got my grades back and i pass all my classes this was my last semester at school.I was so happy i got myself ice cream. I ordered my favorite ppv and i celebrated it was the happiest moment of my life.
I found the energy drinks I buy every day on sale, so I bought a whole bunch and have saved a lot of money in the process over the next two weeks.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was the purchase of a new laptop.
Last night my brother-in-law bought beer for everyone, including me. I was happy to get free alcohol!
An item I had ordered online that shipped from overseas arrived a month earlier than estimated.
Yesterday,I found an old wallet in my dresser. when I opened it ,I found $60 in it. I was able to buy dinner with my wife.
I got to finish buying homeschool curriculum to use in the fall with my son.
We ordered garden seeds for our Summer garden.
On May 3, 2017, I decided to invest in Stash as there are no purchase fees for the Funds they list and one's cost is only $1 monthly.
I preordered an upcoming video game about World War II that I am very excited for!
I bought a new laptop.
I purchased a new watch for my mom.
I bought my first car within the last month.
We changed cell phone providers and my daughter and I were able to get the iphone 7 plus for "buy 1, get 1 free"!
I moved into my boyfriend's house and hated the decor and the fact that nothing was updated or decorated. I have been working hard to slowly update and decorate and now that I am done and have bought new furniture, I am so happy with the results and much more happy with the house overall. 
I ordered some computer software that arrived in questionable condition but after a couple of short emails to the merchant, I received a replacement and a complimentary computer device and all without charge or having to return the original order.  That's customer service!
I bought some stocks last month and I noticed they were up for a profit.
Last month i bought a fridge to my home to beat the heat.It was totally worth buying it.It was damn helpful in time like this.Every time i drink water from my fridge at this heat , i feel heavenly.I am glad that i bought a fridge.
i went to a new grocery store in my neighborhood and found a jar of "chicken tonight" from the 90s. it was something from my childhood so I bought 5 and made chicken alfredo with noodles
I bought and set up a new router.
I bought a new car for the first time in thirty years.
I purchased a new mobile last month and I was happy.
The day I purchased a bike in previous month is one of the happiest moment in past 3 months
I received free credits on a website that allowed me to buy a very good video game for free.
I went to the store yesterday thinking that I wouldn't be able to pre-order a limited edition item that I'd just heard about the day before that since it was already out of stock online, but I was able to get one of the last three.
The order that I placed 3 times finally arrived correctly after the store sent the wrong product twice.
I ordered a new laptop from Amazon and I should have it soon.
My roommate bought all of us dinner so we didn't have to cook.
I bought  airplane  tickets to go  visit  my parents   .
I bought a new 3 BHK apartment near my workplace.
Company got purchased recently and I learned I was keeping my job but with a pay raise.
I purchased a new desktop computer.
I got orders to go on active duty status, which means more money for my family.
I bought a new Macbook Pro.
It was when i bought my 2005 Honda Shadow 750 i still can't tell you the sense of freedom i get every time i get on it love this bike i'm still happy with this decision.
My wife and I purchased a new car with a warranty because our previous car was showing its age at nearly 100,000 miles.
I purchased floor seats to my favorite music performer.
Just bought a new car. 
I sold a domain name that I had paid $100 for a few months ago and the buyer paid me $500.
I got my first salary as Rs. 3000/- I have spent Rs. 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parents. I felt so happy that time. Its a great money for me and my parents..
I got mu first salary as Rs.3000. I have spent Rs.3000 to purchase costumes for my parent's. I felt so happy, that time its a great money for me and my parents.

I got my first salary as Rs. 3000/- I have spent Rs. 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parents. I felt so happy. That time, its a great money for me and my parents.
I found a bunch of clothes at Old Navy that fit me perfectly and I purchased them.
I bought a brand new 2017 Ford Mustang!
I bought my first ever Motor cycle.
I purchased a scale model to assemble and paint.
the supermarket had my favorite italian eggplant parmigiana on sale! i stocked up and bought 20
I bought prawns and fresh fish from fish market.
i bought some medical marijuana
I bought a new house and go out of my crappy apartment.
Taking my mom out to the store and buying her whatever she wanted on Mother's Day.
I purchased a new washer and dryer
I bought two boxes of special donuts that only show up twice a year. 
This past weekend, my boyfriend and I went to the supermarket to buy meat, beer, and some really good snacks. Then we went home, cooked burgers on the grill, and drank on the patio for the hot summer evening.
I bought my wife a beautiful ring.
When I bought a new car
I bought a new car
I bought a new tailored suit.
I ordered a new graphics card for my PC in order to play newer games and improve my Graphic Design workload.
My co-worker bought me lunch and we bonded over our dislike of anchovy pizza.
I was at McDonald's ordering food and someone handed me a coupon for a buy one get free sandwich. This ended up saving me a few dollars.
I found twenty dollars in the middle of the road. I was simply walking down the street and saw a twenty dollar bill. I was very happy to see it because it was free money and I could use it to buy dinner or something fun. It had been a tough week and finding the money was a fun and exciting break. 
Last week my father let me know he would help me purchase a car because we've been struggling for 3 years to get one.
I bought my first house all by myself.
One small event that recently made me happy was when I bought a scratch off from the gas station for $5 and won $10. 
My purchase of some silver finally showed up which I feared had been lost in transit.
I bought a new TV for my living room
I bought a new truck.
I took a short trip to my favorite bakery last night, and bought myself fresh cinnamon rolls.
I bought my mother flowers for mother's day
My son bought a game for me for mothers day that I had been wanting.
I found a new tea I would like to try and ordered some.
I finally purchased a house for my wife.
I bought a Nintendo Switch.  It's been so much fun to play!
The other day my little cousin & his mother bought some nice little water pistols.  It was a hot Texas day so naturally I wanted to play with him and it was great, it made me happy 
I purchased one new laptop with latest config
I got an extra apple pie in my order at McDonalds today free of charge. 
My wife liked the earrings I bought her and she was smiling
I bought myself a large plant with two flowers on it for my apartment balcony. 
I discovered the fun hobby of fidgets and fidget spinners and have been collecting ever since, I bought my first silver brass one on eBay about a month ago and I love them now.
I bought a new car for me and my family.
I visit a exhibition stall and purchased some home appliances.
I was able to buy my sister a laptop so she could start earning some money through Mturk.
Watching Dr. Who early on the BBC.  It is legal grey-area because I do not have a BBC licence living in the USA, but I did pre-purchase the entire season on Amazon so I view this as legal.  I'm only watching it 12 hours early.
At the store my favorite ice cream was on sale so I bought two.
I bought a new shirt that I like a lot.
I got my first salary as Rs.3000/- i have spent Rs 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parent's,i felt so happy.That time, its a great money for me and my parents.
I got my first salary as Rs 3000/- i have spent Rs 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parent`s, i felt so happy. That time, its a great money for me and my parents.
I got my first salary as Rs 3000/- i have spent Rs 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parent`s, i felt so happy. That time, its a great money for me and my parents.
i got my first salary as rs 3000/- i have spent rs 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parents, i felt so happy, that time its a great money for me and my parents
Last month my brother birthday. We went to temple in morning. He bought the dress and given to the poor children. In the evening we are celebrate the birthday with all family friends and relatives.
I got my first salary Rs.3000/- i have spent rs.3000/- to purchase costumes for my parents. I felt so happy.
I got my first salary as Rs.3000. I have spent Rs.3000 to purchase costumes for my parents. I felt so happy,  that time, its a great money for me and my parents.
I bought a really good video game.
I got my first salary as Rs.3000/- to purchase costumes for my parent's . I felt so happy. That time, its a great money for me and my parents.
I got my first salary as Rs.3000/- i have spent Rs.3000/- to purchase costumes for my parents. I felt so happy That time its a great money for me and my parents.
One month before my and my friend went to mobile show room to purchase smartphone. My friend suggest me to buy android smartphone. But i planned for online purchase and we're going to show room for just look the smartphone modals and price rating, But my friend suggest me buy smartphone here and don't try to buy at online because you've purchased many smartphones from online. So try to buy here. Finally we reached there and started to look and discuss about smartphone, and then i selected good one, My friend was really happy for my selection. I too felt happy because i planned to make him happy. Finally he was happy and i too happy so much.
I got my first salary as Rs.3000/- I have spent Rs.300/- to purchase costumes for my parents's I felt so happy that time  its a great money for me and my parents.
I got my first salary as Rs 3000/- I have spent Rs 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parents , I felt so happy that time its a great money for me and my parents.
I got my first salary as Rs 3000/- I have spent Rs 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parents, I felt so happy that time its a great money for me and my parents.
After celebrated Alagar festival we went Thamugam ground saw the exhibition with childrens. Then we went to shops an that ground and buy the Cosmetic's items.
I got my first splay us rs. 3000/- I have spent rs 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parents I felt so happy that time, its a great money for me and my parents.
The mail lady found a piece from a figurine that I had ordered, which had fallen into her truck, due to the package being partially open.
I went with my friends to buy LED TV.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
My wife and I bought a new car.
Finding out the dealership where i just bought my car had a backup key to come to my rescue when I accidentally locked the keys in the car.
I bought my husband a new phone and he was really excited about it.
I bought a new dryer that my girlfriend had been wanting.
A few days ago I decided to invest in Robin Hood which allows one to buy individual shares of various stocks such as blue chips etc., while the access money in one's portfolio pays the necessary feed and am now waiting to buy some listed stocks at Robin Hood.
I was happy when I decided to buy a new phone case.
I purchased a new car
I bought a new ipad for myself.
I bought new music from the strokes, really liking it so far.
An event that made me happy in the last 3 months was when I bought my first car on my own. I felt so accomplished and joyed because I did that all by myself with the help of no one but myself. I couldn't be more proud of myself.
I won $50 on a scratch ticket that led to me buying a cool video game so that was awesome. 
Hearing about the secret recording the Washington Post has. On the audio, you hear Republicans talking about Trump getting paid by Putin. And Paul Ryan very clearly shutting the conversation down and ordering everyone to secrecy. 
I received the new debit card that I ordered online.
I bought a new mirror.
I got the aftermarket parts I ordered for my car. 
I ordered new countertops for my kitchen.
Last month I got a pay rise from my company due to my hardwork. Though it was a little amount it would help me save few bucks to buy me some essentials at the end of the month.i am glad that I deserved it
I bought some cute clothes at a great price online.
I bought my first watermelon of the season. With bar-s hotdogs and my first grilling session of the season.
I bought a new laptop with higher configuration during the discount sale online.
I found some old unopened caulking I can use on my gutters outside. Yes, now I don't have to go to the store and buy.
I found a vintage ceramic cookie jar that I had forgotten I had bought a few months ago.
Last week I bought tickets to see one of my favorite bands play this summer! 
I bought a new phone
I bought a vacuum tumbler and use it daily.
I'm happy because I bought a newer phone. 
I bought a new monitor and graphics card.
I bought cute earrings
My son got a new job at a tire store and told me he wanted me to be safe so he was going to buy me 4 new tires for my car. And he did!
I bought a ukulele. 
I bought a Samsung Galaxy S8 to replace an aging iPhone 6 that kept running out of storage.
I got my first salary as RS.3000/- I have spent RS.3000/- to purchase costumes for my parent's. I felt so happy that time it's a great money for me and my parent's.
I got my first salary as Rs 7000/- to purchase mobile for my younger brother.I felt so many happy the moment.It is really to  unforget my life time.
I bought a new car after not having one for two years.
I was able to double my money on something I bought a while ago by reselling it now when it's worth more.
2 months before i wrote a letter to my government of united states to trust money they replied with appointment order and i am very happy to got that nice moment
We bought a new refrigerator 
I helped my cousin buy a new car, and it was fun for me to drive along with him inside it.
I bought a music subscription
I bought my first PlayStation 4.
I found a receipt for a broken product I bought that I had been looking all over for.
My mom bought me some clothing that I liked.
The car part we need should come in today sometime that the mechanic ordered. Right on time
My nephew helped me modify my desk so I would be able to use a monitor stand that holds 3 monitors. I thought I would have to buy a new desk but that ended up not being the case which was great because I love my desk!
A bluetooth speaker I was considering buying dropped in price so I saved some money.
I purchased a new headset.
I bought a new watch.
I bought an air conditioner on sale  in April and used it today
I purchased a new phone.
I purchased tickets to see Cake at the Woodland Park Zoo in August. 
I purchased a new game that I really wanted.
I ordered three pairs of pants online and when they arrived they all fit me!
My parents told my family that they would be buying us plane tickets to Hawaii for Christmas.
I decided to splurge and buy a huge lunch at the local Chinese Diner.
I purchased a new set of hedge clippers that worked better than my previously owned ones which was cool.
one day before i recently left san diego and ended up back in idaho i was with my friend tony, he decided we should go to the beach, we went to the beach did our usual walking around making friends thing and we ended up at a bar where some girls bought all our beers, that was pretty cool
I purchased two Daschund puppies from the local rescue shelter.
I bought a new black sweater at Target last week.
I purchased tickets to my favorite singer and plan to attend the concert this month.
I am happy that I was able to buy all of the many gifts that I need for family this May.
I purchased a computer that I think will help me perform many different tasks. 

I bought a new guitar. My friend helped me.
I managed to find an extra floor fan in an unused bedroom hidden away behind some boxes saving me from having to purchase another one due to the extreme heat. 
We purchased a new swim suit for my kid. The suit is little costly.
Today in League of Legends I was given the ability to buy a champion skin (cosmetic appearance) that I've been wanting that is usually not available.
My partner planned a mothers day outing for both of our mothers, i didnt have to do anything! He bought tickets to the baseball game, made a picnic lunch, and arranged everything for my mother who is currently disabled.
I ate leftovers for dinner so I didn't have to waste money on buying food.
I purchased a drone for photography that will help me get out into the wilderness. 
I received a necklace in the mail I'd ordered that jingles when I move which should soothe the baby in my belly.
the day we bought our car
I bought a good bottle of wine earlier this afternoon.
I found out that 20 packs of my favorite kind of hot dogs were on sale super cheap, so I bought one and I'll be eating them for days.
Two months back I got appointed for a new job. I felt very happy on getting appointment order from my dream company and I gave a party to all my friends regarding this.
My car died. I actually get to buy a new one!
buying ice cream a the grocery store
I bought a new 3BHK apartment near mt workplace. 
When I bought my new Brita filter today and I get to drink nice filtered water again!
My mother was happy when I bought her pastries for Mother's Day.
i bought my wedding ring to propose her
Robert, my partner, finally landed a job at the local UPS. It's hard work, but he has been unemployed for over 3 months. Money was tight and stress over making small purchases was high.
I bought a new cellphone.
Watching my young sons (ages 6 and 4) doing sidewalk chalk drawings on our front porch while they waited for the ice cream truck to drive by so they could buy Popsicles. 
bought a new cycle for my child
I bought a new magazine subscription
I bought MLB 17 the Show for my PlayStation 4.
I bought my fiance a new grill because his old one was beyond broken and it made him so happy which made me so happy!
A few weeks earlier I purchased a rose bush to put on my cats burial spot.
a scooter i bought needed new batteries so i replaced it
I ordered two new fruit trees for the back yard so I can have fresh fruit when I want it.
I bought my daughter new straps for her scuba diving fins and they fit perfectly so she's happy. 
I looked into going to a programming class in order to find a job.
Later, I shopped at Costco and bought various food items, many of which were the same items I had at my earlier breakfast and the bill was very reasonable. 
The new fan I bought has been keeping me sweat-less unlike the past 4 summers where I had a tiny USB fan.
I bought a couple of games for my cousin.
When I bought a new game I really wanted.
I bought a new Nixon watch.
I received military orders to ship to Fort Knox for more training!
Seeing how happy my mother was on Mother's Day with the flowers I bought her.
I bought vegetables yesterday for the first time in a couple of months.  It's the first step to eating healthier in my life!
I bought corn dogs.
About a month ago, I won an in-game currency sweepstakes, equating to about $100 in actual money, if I'd bought the in-game currency out-of-pocket.
I bought a new house
I made a profit of 210$ yesterday in Stock market. The special and happiest thing about that is, the markets fell off yesterday due to Donald Trump impeachment but I bought some stocks in falling market and made this profit Intraday. I felt so happy for the profit that I made in falling market.
My Iphone-hating, Apple-dissing boyfriend went to buy an Iphone today, largely influenced by me :)
I bought a used Ford escape.
I bought some decent clothes and cleaned up my look a fair bit
Went to the gas station and saw that they finally carry a new mountain dew flavor I've been wanting to try. I bought it and it turned out to be very tasty. It was a great refreshing drink.
i was happy a few weeks ago when i bought a new car. 
I bought a new house in my new location
I was happy when I was about to buy some milk tea 3 days ago.
I bought amusement toys today and feel happy about it.
My mom purchased a nice dress for me when we went shopping. 
I bought a fruit pastry at a little localised bakery.
I bought a new shirt.
I received my shopping order in the mail. 
Last month i bought my kid a new bicycle and i was very happy because my kid learned cycling with in a week and i was amazed about her learning skills.
I bought a new car from the Mercedes dealership.
I bought a motorcycle
I went car shopping to look at newer cars and am very excited to buy a newer car debt free!
My dad purchased something for my husband and I to get us out of a rut with our vehicle. 
I purchased new laptop with latest config
I bought my favorite new bike for myself.
My shirts I ordered online came earlier than expected.
I bought a new lawnmower! Such a weird thing to be happy about, but we needed it and I got a really nice one. My in-laws donated a great deal to the cost so I didn't even have to feel that guilty about it.  It's pretty, and powerful, and I can't wait to try it out.
when my uncle buy a bike for me
I bought a new jewellery which made me happy
I came back home a couple days ago and i saw a package on my front door step. It was a model rocket kit I had bought a while ago and now it is here. With this motor component I can finally finish up my project. Receiving this package made me feel relieved and happy.
March 30th, we bought some small chicks from Tractor Supply. Robert was apprehensive, since he didn't have a job and he had never raised chickens before. Today May 19th, they're 7 weeks old and we both joke about being their 'chicken mothers'. They've really taken to us and flock us every time they see us. They love treats.
I'm happy because I was given a bonus at work, and I can buy everything I wanted before. It's a new phone I've been dreaming about for a long time.

Getting to buy a lot of new laboratory stuff from United Nuclear made me happy.
bought a new Car
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
My cousin have passed in the Medical Entrance Examination held last month. Results were publised yesterday. I went to his college along with her to check out her results. We both are very happy & we bought sweets when we returned home.
I was able to finish a book I bought! 
I bought a pack of cigarettes.
I bought new tires for my car
I bought Ratchet and Clank for my PlayStation 4.
I bought a iced mocha from Jack in the Box.
My best friend found a pair of Chuck Taylor II shoes on sale, and bought me a pair because he knows I like that brand.
I bought a great camera which helps me to take good photos.
bought a iphone
I made a large purchase and bought a new television.
I bought a great new video game for the Nintendo Switch called Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
I ordered a new pair of turf shoes for softball. My old pair was breaking down and was uncomfortable from the get go.
I bought a trip for my wife to travel to Europe with my sister and she is extremely excited.
I went to the store recently and I saw and bought an old favorite food they haven't sold in awhile. I was relieved that they started selling them again.
When I proposed that my dad help me buy a new car, he was really excited to help, which made me really happy. 
I bought a large Pusheen stuffed animal.
I purchased a set of headphones that I had been waiting to drop in price for many weeks.
I bought a Star Wars LEGO set last month and building it was a lot of fun because I enjoy building things. 
My sister had ordered a gift I had always longed for, which I received by mail.
I bought a new black Mont Blanc pen to write poems.
I bought a new car
I bought my mom a Mother's day gift that she liked.
They bought pizza at my house that I had not eaten
In order to graduate, I had to complete a senior design project that was extremely intensive. It was a great challenge as I was the only one to be working on the programming of an autonomous project; however, the sense of completion was so amazing.
I bought concert tickets for a band I enjoy listening to.
when is to hot outside and i buy an ice cream
I bought a new car.
I purchased and ate a package of thick cut hickory smoked bacon.
I bought 2 books at the public library for 20 cents.
I bought a pair of skinny leather pants that fit so nice on me.
I ordered an external harddrive to recover some data on an old hardrive. When the packaged arrived I was excited that I would have the opportunity to explore an old harddrive to find what hidden treasures may be there. 
I won small scratch off lottery, I won 20$. It was good, I bought beers and snacks with it.
I got a free bluray from bestbuy due to a gift card they sent me in the mail. 
I purchased a new computer after having the old one for 8 years. 
I ordered pizza and had it delivered to my home.
When I bought my niece the new Selena Gomez album. 
My wife and I finished our preapproval process for buying a house, so now we can start looking for real.
When i got my newly ordered TV delivered.
I bought a new pair of shoes.
I went to my favorite coffee shop and bought my favorite sandwich.
Work bought everyone lunch
We purchased our first home prior to my husband's deployment and he came home a week ago from being gone for 6 months. I purchased a new couch and unpacked the house to prepare for his homecoming. When he first walked around our furnished first home, he told me how happy he was with the set up and how well I had gotten everything together. 
My wife bought me a block of high quality blue cheese from a specialty market today that was just absolutely wonderful.
I had ordered a really cool hat from a website, and it came in early and it made my day.
I purchased a new car.
I bought a DSLR camera
I bought my mom a bonsai tree for Mother's Day and she really loves it.
my wife bought us tickets to disneyworld!
I went broke and i had no money to buy food or groceries. I randomly met a good friend in the parking lot and he ended up buying me lunch that day and that made me happy and pleased to know that there are still good people in this world. 
My daughter bought her first house all on her own!
We ordered a big antipasto salad at Oregano's and it was delicious.
A few weeks ago, I received some money that enabled me to buy necessary household expenses.
I got a big order from a customer.
I bought a car, that I plan on repairing and using for parts. 
Two months before i went shopping mall for purchase home need things. That day suddenly i saw my school friend kevin, we spoke lot and discussed about school days memories. Finally we started the purchase, i have added many of things in my cart and he also added in his cart, finally we have waited in bill counter queue, That time my friend asked me "i will pay the bill". But i said hey no. I will pay my bill, you will pay my bill, my friend doesn't agreed!. He compels me. Finally he pays my bill. I was happy because i saved money, so this saved money will help me do help to poor peoples food and education. That's great idea. I was very happy for saved money. Thank you so much kevin.
Last month on shopping i got a raffle ticket worth $50 if i won.I always had an inner feeling that i would win it.As i thought after 15 days from my purchase , i really won.I was extremely happy with the amount i received
I purchased a house.
I started driving my own bike, which I have purchased for myself.
new ring purchase for my wife
Humble Bundle had 2 bundles on their site that were worth buying and I was really wanting some new games.
I bought some digital assets online which have since gained value. I was very happy when I went to check up on their value this week on Tuesday.
Because it was too hot to cook one night, my mom ordered Chinese food and remembered to get my favorite dish for me.
i buy a own car
Last week i have purchased stocks for Tata steel for intraday trading keeping in view that it will rise in few hours and the same thing happened and the stock price rise after 2 hours and I gained INR 1000 by doing this, which makes me very happy and confident.
I found a tool that I had been looking to purchase for several weeks.
A movie that I loved from childhood is coming out on blu ray and I did a pre-order.
My mother gave me an Amazon gift card for Christmas worth $100 and I actually forgot about it until about a week ago and ordered a pair of Nike Air Max shoes and a couple of clearance shirts for a little over $100 bucks and they arrived today and I made a good choice because the gear looks good.
I had a wonderful shopping experience recently when I purchased an instant premix coffee that has done wonders for me. 
I bought a bike for me in my own earnings. This made me very happy.
I bought myself a small real gold bracelet.
I watch Dr. Who today at 1:00 while living in the US on the BBC with the iPlayer.  I consider this ethical because I pre-purchased the entire season on Amazon and simply wanted to watch it early.  I do not view this as theft.
What made me happy was finding my favorite cereal on blowout discount for a dollar a box yesterday, I bought 4! 
I bought my wife a diamond ring that made her happy.
I bought my husband a cake for his birthday.
I bought a cantaloupe yesterday and ate half of it last night. So juicy and sweet. I had been looking forward to summer fruit season and was not disappointed.
I purchased a chainsaw and did a bunch of cleanup work in the yard which was much easier with the chainsaw. 
I was happy to buy a motorcycle.
Last week I was able to buy a whole bunch of canvases for painting; being able to paint makes me very happy.
Yesterday my dearest friend bought me a new berrys cocktail ice candy for the first time, which made me feel really very happy. 
Last night I watched an episode of aThe Prison Breaka with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks! I was in cloud nine when i heard this news.
Silver coin I purchased nearly doubled in price.
I purchased some home appliances.
I bought a new 3 BHK apartment near my workplace for me and my family.
I bought a new Sofa set which is imported and brand new which is very luxury and cool.
I am going to hotel with my friends  in the past 3 months that day very enjoyable then variety of food order in menu.
I bought my first car
I bought a new cellphone.
I purchased a new TV at the store.
 I've started to notice ... 3. Have a habit of disengagement. ve good aThe richest, happiest and most ... can bring happiness, is that you need to concentrate in order to make progress.in my life in ve good last 3 months in ve good ve happying in ve good v coll in  good in live in good my life happeing in good ve all bedt 
I went to Aldi to purchase two items- someone with a full car let me go ahead of them.
I went to shopping mall and purchase lot of things.
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.
It made me happy when a guy I'm seeing bought a small barbecue, utensils, and sample packs of sauces  over to my place to cook for me. Because it will get too hot in my apartment and also because cooking is not my favorite thing to do
I recently bought a new guitar.
I purchased my first home and got out of the hell that is renting.
i bought a little cat, its cute and little kitten mostly i am spent time with that cute kitten. Its milky white and black eyes only 1 month old.
I won $320 dollars off a lottery ticket I got for my birthday. My son got my the lottery ticket because he couldn't afford something big, now the lottery ticket is the biggest thing I've gotten for my birthday for the past 12 years. The ticket was 5 dollars to buy and it was called "Cash Cow" When i revealed my prize of $320 dollars, i couldn't believe it, i jumped up and down and hugged my son. 
I went to the thrift store with my fiancee and bought shirts and other knick-knacks for myself.
I have been looking for a munchkin kitten, and have recently found a lady who's munchkin cat is pregnant, so I will be able to purchase one soon!
When I bought a new car after looking for one for a long time.
The day I met a friend of a friend, after suffering from double depression. She tried her best to be bubbly and fun in order to make me smile.
I ordered a computer game for myself a few days ago, and it got delivered extremely quickly to my surprise.
My sister went UAE and brought for me samsung Note 5. I am happy with that purchase.
My mortgage loan to buy my first house was finally officially approved
I was happy when i bought a new guitar amplifier.
I bought a new bass guitar.
One of the biggest things that has made me happy in the past 3 months was being able to eat this new burger at Whataburger. I LOVE FOOD and it just makes me so happy eating. When I eat food I do a little dance. On that day, I drove to whataburger and order a burger that had chicken strips, BBQ, and pepperjack cheese. It was so good, all the flavors brought a smile to my pretty face. 
I bought 4 pc games on humble bundle spring sale through steam at a huge discount.
I recently purchased a house.  We closed on it a week ago.  It was very stressful during the process, but I have just been so happy since.
I bought a new video game, Divinity original sin, something I have been wanting for a while. Got it because it was on sale. Game is awesome!
I was happy when I got to purchase Bryan Adams concert tickets for my wife's birthday.
A friend gave me the money I needed to buy something (a video card for my computer) that I'd been saving up for.
My mom bought my daughter and me lunch.
Buying my new Dyson Vacuum cleaner. It was a pretty expensive purchase, but I've been wanting one of these for a long time now, although this did make me happy in the beginning, now I kinda regret my purchase because it isn't as great as I was hoping it would be.
I bought a bike two weeks ago, i was happy to have a new bike.
I bought some new shoes
I ordered a new fitness tracker at a great price.
I got my new clothes I order in the mail and they all fit and look nice
I bought a conversion van, dismantled the interior, and turned it into a small motorhome.
Last night I ended up getting a bit tipsy and ordered food at a restaurant and didn't have a charge for it.
I called them today to pay and informed what happened and he said just to pay it forward and that its ok.
But that I was good for being honest. 
I bought my sister 3 blouses from Macy's. She was very surprised that I gave her this gift.  She loved them!  That made me so happy.
I just bought a big vase and plant for my office.  It will give my space a nice green color and also filter the air a bit.
We (my MF and I) bought a new car after a week of walking the lots. 
I ordered the vinyl soundtrack of a movie I have loved since childhood.
i got my first salary as rs 3000/- i have spent rs 3000/- to purchase costumes for my parents, i felt so happy that time its a great money for me and my parents
I bought an Apple Watch.
I bought a car.
I got a cashback offer from the nearby grocery shop for my purchase and it made me happy
What made me happy was looking at houses to buy today, didn't find one but got some great ideas!
I bought a lego toy for my nephew.
My father bought me an expensive ring as my birthday gift and I was very happy.
I love doing some work in amazon turk and can buy by amazon.com
My sister bought me a purse for my birthday.
I did not buy expensive avocados last week and saved money to get a meal instead at my favorite restaurant.
Last month, I found a brand new unique spectacles for the first time, which i liked it so much and bought it, which made me feel very happy.
I learned I received a refund for a purchase.
I was able to buy a plot and a house in my name with my savings and little help with bank loan. 
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I went to a flower show and purchased many plants.
We bought a new home closer to family. 
I bought a new car for me and my family.
I bought my mom some Kindle books that she says she enjoyed.
I bought a really nice new camera that works great.
i scored a half century in a bet match cricket match. it helped my team win the match.i got in third down the order. and stayed till the entire twenty overs, to finish the match, and i was declared man of the match.
I bought a new sofa.
I bought a new pair of cute and comfortable shoes last week. 
I accompanied my friend to a car's showroom to selecting and buy a new car.
I bought my cat to the vet and the checkup was flawless.
I received salary bonus in my last month salary that made me really happy because now I can buy new clothes.
About a two months ago i listen good news from my sister that she bought a new house and live happily
I purchased chinese food for myself and my family.
I bought a scooter. It is so much better than walking or riding a bicycle. I like the attention I get from other motorcycle riders and kids.
I bought a lemon and lime tree.
I bought and currently playing The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild and enjoying it very much.
I liked it when the barista at Starbucks remembered my name when I cam in to order my coffee.
I made plans to go to a baseball game with my friend and we bought the tickets already. Haven't gone in almost 10 years so this will be fun.
I bought a new car! It's a Chevrolet Camaro SS and its bright orange!
i bought Macbook pro past 15 days before can't explain how i felt that time i love apple products i wait nearly one year to buy macbook now only i bought it i'm so happy.
I received my order of wildflower seeds in the mail, and planted them in my garden.
My grandmother won a good amount of money on a scratch off lottery ticket that I bought for her.
I remembered I had ice cream in the freezer that I had bought before I left. 
I tried a pie sample at Walmart and it was so delicious that I bought one myself.
i bought me a car, we have been without transportation for 6 months and this was major for us.
In May, my husband and I bought airplane tickets so that we can spend a weekend in New Orleans with my friend from college.
I was happy when I got some New orders for Printing and after completion of the order, they recommend some other persons for their jobs also. So I got their order also.
when i got my order delivered yesterday, which i have been ordered from China. I was very happy to get the order delivered and i am still feeling it.
I bought a new pair of boots at a discount price. 
I purchased a new vehicle with my tax return.
Yesterday, I went with one of my friends to look at vinyls in town. We found two stores, one was better than the other.  My happy moment was buying some records because I got to enjoy them the rest of the night.  We played then until eleven o'clock at night. I will probably even enjoy them today!
  after attending my sister's high school graduation I left to spend a month of summer vacation with my grandparents. I wasn't sure about the trip because while I liked them a lot I'd never spent much time alone with them. I packed everything I could think of to keep me entertained on the long trip from Florida to Oklahoma.

Though hard as it is to believe I had so much fun on their motor home. Granted most of the time I was sleeping, reading, or listening to music. Those things can only hold your attention for so long so in those periods of boredom I would talk with my grandma.

She told the funny stories involving my mom as a little kid that sounded more like the trouble I would get myself into rather than anything she would have done. Tales of other relatives that had done some strange or suspicious things, thing such as one's husband mysteriously dying or fishing trips that didn't include fishing. I'd never heard most of this because my mother has a bad memory.

We even laughed at the things she remembered me doing when I was little. Like blowing the surprise for my dad by asking mom where the necklace dad had bought her was.On our way to Oklahoma we stopped in Little Rock Arkansas to see the Bill Clinton Presidential library and Museum. The place was made mostly of glass so it had an amazing futuristic look to it.

It held everything from Clinton's life story to what was taking place in America during his time in office and what affect he had on it. Also shining light on Hilary Clinton's active role at her husband's side.When we reached their house it was great. It was kind of like living with a really nice version of your parents.

Grandma was constantly worrying if I had enough to eat and if my cloths needed to be washed. I told not to worry about me that I was fine but she wouldn't believe me. While I was there I also meet her brother Sid.

I'm told the only other time I'd seen him was when I was first born. He was great; I liked him a lot, probably because as grandma said I'm just like him.After being there for two weeks we again loaded up the motor home and headed up to Oklahoma City. We went to the Oklahoma City National Memorial and Museum.

Before then all I really knew about that day was that some had blown up something in Oklahoma. Though now after seeing the museum and hearing my grandma's account of that day I know all the details. The memorial was beautiful and simple, which I liked a kind of 'less is more' approach.

The grieving people put up pictures and flowers along the gate that ran surrounded it. While two huge black walls stood on either end of a pool of water. Each wall held a time on it symbolizing the start and stop time of the bombing, 9:01 and 9:03. Then to represent those lost gold chairs where placed in a roped of field, mini chairs were used to distinguish the lost adults from the children. It was sad to imagine that the number of chairs could hold the number of people gone in a split second.The next week I spend hanging around doing nothing. Then the last week of my visit my oldest sister Courtney flew up to spend a week with us then take me home. With her there it was even more fun. The three of us would talk all day about things. Then finally the trip was over, Courtney and I got on a plan home. Which went over just fine until the lay over in Dallas. The weather was bad that day and the screen told us our flight was cancelled. So we exited the airport to get another ticket. Yet when we finally got to the counter the lady told us it wasn't cancelled, that they had made a mistake with the monitors. So that was a relief except that the plane was about to leave and we had to go back through security. After all that we finally got on the plane just in time. That's how I spent half of my summer vacation.
My wife purchased a pair of Air Jordan Retro 3 for me. 
Holding off on some major purchases for hobby for week until they finally went on sale before I pulled the trigger on the purchase.
I was able to save up money and buy a new computer monitor.
I bought beer last night that was delicious.
I bought new chairs for my house.
I have to order a new iPad for work.  New gadgets are always fun to play with.
I bought a new TV
I bought a lot of souvenirs for my relatives, family and friends on my trip to thailand
I bought a scratch off lottery ticket 2 weeks ago at the corner store and won $100.00 !
When I get a bunch of orders for my small business. 
When me and my girlfriend went to the beach the other day and swam in the ocean for a couple hours. Then we bought a couple foot long chili cheese dogs and curly fries, which, we, of course, shared.
I went to Cheesecake factory and ordered the chicken steak diane, it was delicious. 
My friend went for a tour and he bought me some honey, which is a pure variety. I am happy that you bought something for me.
I bought some beautiful earrings I've wanted for awhile.
I bought a new computer.
Buying some new clothes to wear. Realised I haven't made any cloth purchase in little over six months.
I bought a suit for my brother's wedding.
I went to shopping mall and purchase dresses, bags etc.
I bought a new scooter for my son
I've been using my mturk money to buy my fiance "extra" birthday presents that otherwise wouldn't be on the table for purchase. I think he'll be really excited, he's hoping for some of the items but has no idea on the other.
Might buy a bonsai tree to take care of
I found some fireworks that I purchased a year ago.
I bought my own vehicle and around my home town it's make me happy 
When I was out buying the canvases I ran into a friend I hadn't seen in a while and it was so nice to see her.
I ordered some clothes for a trip on amazon
I recently purchased half a dozen chickens and setup a fantastic chicken coop for them. 
I  bought myself a new 2016 Nissan car. 
i bought a car. that is Honda amaze, it is an automatic car and i like this car very much, and i am using this car to get my self respect back
I opened the box to my new shoes that cost much more than any pair of shoes I have bought in the past.
Recently my father bought a new car which is a Hyundai i20.I was very happy and loved to drive it.
i have bought a new car
I got a big order from a customer.
I found a whole duck on sale at the grocery store for a very good price and bought it.
I purchased a new laptop for my mother.
The day I closed on my new home.  I wanted to purchase this home 10 years ago when I rented it.  It finally happened.  
I was happy when my mother loved the earrings I bought her for mother's day even though I was a bit disappointed in how small they were.
I got a new bed last month after my last one was breaking down. It's the same size, but it's much stronger. Happy with my purchase.
The appraisal for the home we are buying came back above value meaning we can get the loan.  
buying some shorts for myself made me less sad.
My parents bought me a case of my favorite beer.
I bought a new video game console that I had wanted for several months.
I finally saved the money I needed to buy a new car.
I bought myself a really pretty new scarf.
An event that made me happy in the past 3 months was when I got my new car. The last one I got was in a huge accident so I recently bought a new car about two months ago.
I bought a Firefly 2 Dynamic Convection Vaporizer and finally quit smoking.
I got to buy my first size Small in years.
I bought Shovel Knight on steam and it's awesome. 
We bought concert tickets yesterday to see bryan adams in september.
A friend bought me a game I really wanted but didn't have the money for.
I bought tickets for a four day concert I am really excited about.
Buying a new pair of shoes. I love shopping, and a pair of new shoes is always a treat for me because buying shoes is a guilty pleasure of mine.
I felt happy when i have buyed a new pc.
I bought a new cell phone.
I purchased my schoolbooks for next semester a day ago. 
I was extremely happy when I learned that I would be able to go from working full time down to part time in order to spend more time with my young children.
I bought rice noodles on sale at a great price. Rice noodles are my favorite!
I bought some new soft shirts to wear at home when I'm being lazy.
I received a free package of ice cream sandwiches with a 20$ purchase at Braums!
I went to the mall today and I got a headphone, I wanted a headphone for a while, though the headphone did not have the mic that was suited for my purposes, it was still a good thing I get to buy a headphone.
Yesterday, I went to GameStop and bought Persona 5. It's one of the best games I've played in a while.
I felt happy when I bought my apple watch. I wanted one for a very long time. Them I saved some money and was finally able to buy one. It was an achievement for me.
I bought myself a new elite controller for my xbox one.
I bought a hot broad some weed because she had a headache.
My happy moment was in the past couple of weeks I bought my first new car. 
I just bought a new volleyball setup for the yard.
2 months ago i bought a new bike . it is the royal enfield . it is give my mother for my birthday gift.
After a week of adding things to my cart, I placed a large Erin Condren order on Friday full of things I've been pining after for a while.
I bought a sailboat
I helped setup a product for my mom which she bought online because she's getting old.
I bought a xbox one. 
I bought a MacBook Pro.
A jacket I ordered from the UK is getting delivered today!
I purchased my first house. 
Bottega Veneta VIP Sale, bought myself a new wallet for a good price, been wanting a new wallet for a while and was pretty happy seeing it on sale.
My husband and I bought our first house together two months ago.
I bought several books for a good price. 
On Valentines Day, my fiancA(c) bought me a ton of gifts including a mom necklace from our son, balloons, a cake, and a surprise necklace from him which was an xo gold necklace. He then spent the day with my son and I at an indoor play ground.
I purchased a new car. 
I bought a really cool rc car.
I bought a new pair of shoes.
I purchased I my first home with my long term partner.
I found an item that I had not seen in stores since I was a child (I bought one for myself).
I was given the wrong burger at the drive through, but it was something I liked that was more expensive than what I ordered
The day i finally got my new nintendo switch! I finally found one in store and bought it!
I bought a new car.
I finally made enough money on MTurk to buy my ebike and went and purchased it and rode it home.
I bought a new phone.
My father agreed to buy a car for me.
The new clothes came in today that I purchased so I can dress better.
My older sister bought her first home out in Florida.
I bought a HOUSE
Getting my gun parts inspected by the people I bought it from so they can give me a different part.
My brother bought me a new window AC unit that is almost twice more powerful and more energy efficient than the old one I had. I am very excited because today is going to be 97 degrees Fahrenheit.
Last week I ordered a stencil cutting machine for my diy projects!
We bought a 36-acre piece of property in the mountains of Arizona.
I purchased a new pair of jeans for under ten dollars today.
My wife bought me a new car for our anniversary.
I just purchased gift cards for my cruise at a 10% off discount, so I essentially just saved $100 paying off my cruise!
My friend bought a new car and I now enjoy carpooling.
The UPS man delivered a new shower head today. I had ordered it last week. I was able to get this for free because I belong to a group of Amazon promoters. I was so excited to try it out and see if it was as good as I imagined. My previous shower head was older and starting to rust so a new one was a big deal.
I recently bought two friends a housewarming present and I was nervous about whether they would like it or not and they really loved it, which made me so happy. 
I treated myself to buying lunch at work.
My son bought me a belated Mother's Day gift I can use at my new job.
I was asked to buy cherries at the store for my girlfriend.  When I returned I saw a huge smile on her face.
I bought a bunch of stuff to make my own popping boba tea.
An event that recently made me happy was getting to wear my new bought shoes as they were very, very comfortable to walk around in.
My husband bought me a blueberry pie.
I bought Diablo 3 on Xbox One today at a game store and it was on sale for cheap.
At the thrift store, I discovered a leapfrog tag system reader. We already own several of the Tag Jr books (also thrift purchases) and it was $0.50; so I got it. Then I discovered that it works!!
I purchased my first house 2 months ago. I also refurnished with most of my savings.
My friend bought me food.
We moved into our new house. We finally bought our own house and are no longer renting.
I got my first order in my new business
I received a 40% discount on a purchase that I would have made at full price.
I bought a new dog for my girlfriend.
I went to the drive through and my order had nothing wrong with it.
I saved up enough money to buy a decent car.
buying a new puppy.
My boss bought me lunch one day, it was a surprise and made me very happy.
I bought a great dress.
I made a profit of 325$ in Intraday trading in the month  of April. I bought a Android phone for my dad with the profit I made. That was a very happy moment.
Our anniversary is coming up and I went to the store to buy my wife some gifts.  It made me happy to go out and spoil her.
I bought a new computer.
We were having to purchase flood insurance for our new home, and after receiving an initial quote of $2,000+, we were able to find a company who offered the same coverage for under $300.
I bought a new computer to play games on.
I bought some alcohol for my husband with my own money. It was really nice seeing his surprised face and i got a backrub out of it. 
last week i visited the jute cottage in banglore and i purchased many jute purses and jute bags from there. I am very much interested in jute items, and so it makes me happy.
I bought a used car.
I bought Tom Clancy's the Division
Received a notification from my carrier saying the last package I bought was received on their facilities and is waiting to be dispatched to me.
We ate ice cream that my father bought for all.
I'm ordering cheese fries to eat for a snack after school. The only thing is I have to either eat them at the restaurant or in the truck so my kids don't eat some or get jealous.
Shopping at Walmart last month for a few things in order to relieve stress.
I had an bulk order with my fathers company and we earned a lot of money. We now have enough money to pay our bills
I felt very happy when I bought my boyfriend his birthday gift because I knew he would really like it.
I bought a dog.
I bought home 2 kittens for my wife, who had been patiently wanting house cats for years. 
I bought a new motorcycle exhaust.
I bought new leather seat covers for my car.
My co-worker bought me lunch and we talked about the NBA playoffs.
I bought some fudge at a local grocery store deli.
I bought a new laptop and it is a lot better than my other one
I bought my mother a scratch off ticket to put in a mother's day card and she won a small amount of money.
My husband bought the family a large swimming pool.
I got a nice royalty check from a book I wrote. I could use the extra money, so I was thrilled. It also made me happy because it means people are buying the book. 
I got a proper diagnosis on my stomach disorder. Even though it sucks to have health problems, I am happy to know what it is so we know how to address it.
I purchased a new television for my living room.
I finally managed to buy my dad for fathers day a new bed mattress that he asked me to since last year.
Someone agreed to buy something of mine to help me out.
I bought a pair of shoes that I like for a good price at the thrift shop today.
I received an item in the mail that I ordered a few months ago that I thought had been lost.
I found and bought the house of my dreams.
I ordered sushi for lunch, which I never get to eat because no one in my family likes it and it is expensive.
I bought a new car!!
Blizzard is allowing folks to add money to their account with game gold from World of Warcraft which can then be used to purchase Destiny 2 on pc. 
I was able to alter my son's high chair to allow extra room for his little chunky thighs. I was worried I would have to buy a brand new one again!
I bought a new TV. 
I bought a new pack of socks and they are very comfy.
I bought my husband a little inexpensive computer accessory that he wanted but wouldn't buy and when he saw it he was like a little kid with a new bike under the Christmas tree.
We bought my daughter a playhouse and she loves playing in it. 
I recently bought a house, had to put together a lawn mower, and did it successfully all on my own.


I was able to purchase a Nintendo Switch a product that is in high demand with low stock.
I purchased an expensive mattress without regard to financial status.
We got a new mattress for my son. Itas pretty awesome that I can buy a seriously nice memory foam mattress and have it shipped to my door for about $160. (Lightning sale on amazon.)
The mattress came in a box that I could lift. We opened it, unrolled everything, unsealed the mattress bag and POOF! there was a full twin size mattress. It was pretty amazing.
When I was first courting my girlfriend, it was a very long process and I never thought she would settle down and commit. Until one day around Christmas she bought me a tee shirt that said " sorry ladies this man is dating a sexy nurse " that was her way of asking me to be her boyfriend. made me happy
once inside the artic circle i made my order, placed it at medium, got caught by a rather attractive worker adjusting her pants looking at her butt, rather than calling my number the one i awkwardly got caught staring at brought the meal to my table and mentioned there was a large order of fries "for the wait" but the wait didn't seem too crazy
I bought a scratch ticket and won more then $1
I went shopping and bought new hiking shoes for my upcoming trip. 
When me and my dad worked together to get things done in his home. He ordered pizza which was really tasty. 
Found a good deal on an item i've been wanting to buy.
Last Thursday, in the midst of a massive heat wave that struck my area, me and my girlfriend went to the beach for a few hours and swam for a while. Then, we bought ourselves a couple foot long chili dogs and some curly fries. I shared one of my chili dogs with my girlfriend, and we kissed passionately when our lips met in the middle. I still feel all tingly thinking about it.
We bought a new rug for our family room.
I ordered two books online, and they were delivered earlier than expected. 
I got 100% cashback on my purchase on amazon
I bought a new TV for my house.
Happyiest moment of my life is Sep 3rd 2000,got my first salary as 1500/- i have sent rs 1000/- as money order to my parents,i felt so happy.That time its a great money for me and my parents.
I bought a new PC monitor when it was on a great sale.
I bought and put together a shelf and was able to clean up the piles of things all over the spare bedroom.
My son bought me flowers for Mothers day.
I also had a small happy moment when i ordered food from my favorite place, it is always a highlight of my day when i do this.
I purchased some hotwheels tracks on sale for my son. 
Last weekend I found out about a big sale happening and two of my favorite shops were participating in it, so I placed orders with both.
I bought an Xbox Elite Controller.
I felt happy when I purchased a new combination weed eater/lawn mower. It's like a weed eater on wheels. It's light weight and easy to use, weighing in at only 14 pounds, vs. my battery powered lawn mower that weighs 33 pounds. When I drag it up and down hills it is much more enjoyable to use and doesn't overtax my abilities. New yard equipment always makes me happy.
About 2 months ago I purchased a new husky puppy. I had recently put one of my dogs to sleep and found a puppy that was perfect for us and found the most pathetic looking husky, who has ended up being the cutest and loving dog I have ever had.
I purchased a desktop computer for a great price. 
On my birthday we bought cake and ice cream and had a quiet meal together as a family.
My drains get backed up, both the bathroom sink and kitchen sink.  I had put a temporary bucket in the bathroom which I would use to pour the waste water down the toilet.  Then, my kitchen sink backed up at the same time and I was pretty much forced to fix this situation immediately in order to continue to cook.  I was able to unplug the drain on my own without calling the maintenance personnel.
I was wanting to buy some new jeans, but felt I shouldn't spend $30.00 on another pair.  I was walking in a parking lot and happened to look down - there was a $20.00 bill!  I picked it up and went to the store and bough my new jeans!

My microfiber towels that I ordered from amazon finally arrived.
I bought some underwear at a good price at a local store.
A friend bought me a small desk-toy gift for no particular reason.
I sold my old vehicle to purchase a new one, allowing me to shop for a new car and have a lot of fun with it. 
My girlfriend bought me a new smart phone, unexpectedly! 
We decided to go out, on a whim, Friday evening two weeks ago. This was definitely not planned and it seems as though those are the best. The unexpected fun and pleasure derived from good food and drinks is impossible to resist happiness. We ended up at this sushi place to try out for the first time. Everyone around us was so cheerful and people were grazing on all of this amazing, fresh seafood. We ordered quite a variety of things and then we were on our way. We stood in the parking lot enjoying the sunlight and talked and laughed. We both had such an amazing time. We somehow ended up down the road at a local pub where we enjoyed a live band and patio weather as the sun went down. All in all this was a very special time and really enjoyed it.
I purchased a new hooded sweatshirt without trying it on and it looks great and turned out to be very comfortable. 
Finally bought a new car after fifteen years.
Learning that I was getting to buy my childhood home in a few months.
I got complimented on the dress I bought at Kohl's that looks like a Star Trek uniform. 
I had been saving for a very long time to buy a game that was going to be released last week. It was so satisfying when I finally got to go to the store and get rewarded for something I've worked so hard for.
I was extremely happy when I discovered coffee chocolate chip gelato. I purchased this item by the suggestion of my husband and put the spoon in my mouth I was in heaven even thinking about it right now makes me happy I went to sleep right after eating his gelato and I woke up happy.
A bra I ordered a month ago came in the mail today finally.
buying my favorite snack
I needed to buy two items at the grocery store last night and I was surprised to find that they were both on sale.
This past weekend, I bought groceries from a Korean supermarket (Hmart) and tried cooking Korean food for dinner. Surprisingly it actually came out good and enjoyable for both my wife and I.
My third happiest moment was when I was able to buy my first car. OMG is all I can say felt amazing that I had to not ask someone to take me anywhere. I could do it my self felt like I was growing up. 
My son and I went to a festival yesterday and even though it was crowded, we were able to get lunch very quickly because we are "regulars" at that luncheonette and so they put our order as priority.
My ex and I are talking again its been about 9 years off and on and he is including me in the purchase of his new home in Seattle so its a far move. But the fact he will take my say into consideration has been very good for our relationship.
My bff who lives in another state sent me a surprise gift.. She does this every few months. Just this week she sent me one.. It was great.. Made my whole day. Its a gift that many dont buy other people lol if you know what i mean but gotta LOVE adam n eve 
I bought two lottery tickets and won on both of them.
I bought a new phone since my old one was starting to break.
I received my kindle order from amazon in the mail.
One time when I was buying a soda from a vending machine at my old job, I purchased a one soda but the machine malfunctioned and dropped two drinks.
I ate popcorn chicken i bought at the grocery. It has been a while since I was able to pick it up and I'm glad I did.
Last Friday I purchased a stock and it reached its all time high today. 
I bought some new clothes for summer wardrobe.
After searching and waiting, I found and bought, a jar of coconut oil from a supermarket I've been longing for.
when my mother buy new laptop for me
My friend texted me asking for my email, and he decided to buy me a ticket to a concert I wasn't sure that I'd be able to make next month. 
My husband bought a new bicycle.
I think that the happiest moment in my life was in 2013 ,at the new year dinner.It is the best memory because my grandmother was still alive.We had a great time ,i remember that we were laughing all time of everything and nothing,it was a great time.
I have always been in love with holidays, with the spirit and all that kind of stuffs;i like how small things can make you feel happy,and you don't need anything else like money;money can buy things but doesn't buy happiness.Happiness for me is being around the people who you love.
One event that made me happy was going to buy a birthday gift for my friend.
I bought a new shirt.
The rock album I bought yesterday.
As trivial as it may sound, I went to the grocery store yesterday and found a couple of items that my husband especially likes but are frequently "out-of-stock" with no promise of being available anytime soon.  I have been waiting several weeks for these and was overjoyed to finally get them because I really try to buy what he likes and living in an area with only one big supermarket makes it difficult to find items I want.
I buy a new car.
I bought my brother a present for his birthday.
I bought a brand new car over the weekend and I went to pick it up yesterday.
I successfully completed a project using one of my Raspberry Pis that I had bought and not found a use for until recently.
I went to the store and purchased a case of beer.  I had been dreaming of a case of beer all day long and I finally left work and bought a one. 
I bought my first house.
I bought a new underwear last night and this made me very happy.
Money I received for completing an order 
I bought a rug online at a bargain price. I felt like I got a great deal on the rug that I wanted.
We ordered pizza last night and it was delicious!
Had a customer come in and make a huge order and I will make quite a bit off of this job.
I received an order of my favorite food in the mail.
I had been looking to buy a home, and found one that I really like. 
I bought myself a new video game and I like it so far.
I had to buy my own cap and gown for my college graduation, and my mom surprised me and was able to reimburse me for the entire price.
I began reading a book that I purchased a few weeks ago and had been looking forward to reading.
A box I ordered from Amazon arrived in the mail.
My best friends just bought me an awesome pair of shoes just because she felt like it.
I bought new android phone in past 24 hrs. Its performance make me happy.  
I passed the written test in order for me to get my drivers license
I ate ribs I bought from the store.
My girlfriend bought me a present
I bought seltzer water yesterday instead of soft drinks. Seltzer water has no sugar and no calories. Much healthier alternative and still fun to drink.
I received a poster that I ordered from Japan.
I purchased a cabin and am going to visit it this week.  It is always on my mind and I am very excited in my preparations to go.  It gives me great joy thinking about the wonderful experiences I will have!
I bought a new desk for my home office which desperately needed an upgrade.
It made me happy to buy some shoes to play soccer with my own money.
My mom finally bought a watermelon from the supermarket.
my husband built an entertainment center to mount our TV that was on the floor since November when we bought our house. 
i bought a new cell phone in lava
I went to McDonalds, and bought my wife & myself artisan burgers.
A staff physician where I work bought me a gucci bag
Today I buy a new car
I think that the happiest moment in my life was in 2013 ,at the new year dinner.It is the best memory because my grandmother was still alive.We had a great time ,i remember that we were laughing all time of everything and nothing,it was a great time.
I have always been in love with holidays, with the spirit and all that kind of stuffs;i like how small things can make you feel happy,and you don't need anything else like money;money can buy things but doesn't buy happiness.Happiness for me is being around the people who you love.
My husband bought me a chocolate bar.
i buy 3 pairs of Levi's jeans.
I got an extra onion ring in my Burger King order of fries. 
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I went to the coffee shop and bought over two kilos of arabica.
I ordered myself shoes online that I've been wanting.
I bought two large slices of pizza for lunch.  Pizza is my favorite food and I was thinking all morning about having a slice or two. 
Another thing that made me happy was when I got a package in the mail with some dvds and cds I bought on ebay.
I was able to pick up my recently ordered gaming PC before I went into work. 
I was happy this afternoon because price of the stocks which I bought rose marginally.
I was happy in the morning today because I ordered a new phone for my daughter.
We went to a summer festival event and purchased household items.
I received a package in the mail of a jacket that I had ordered
We went to the grocery store after going to the trail and bought flowers.
I bought a bunch of candles, set them up on the mantle, and lit them. It smelled very good and they were pretty colors. 
I finally received a package I ordered a while ago from Amazon 
My husband was able to drive to a different state and purchase the car he has wanted for a long time.
My husband bought me my favorite pizza.
I bought myself calendar to keep track of all my tennis lessons. 
Yesterday, I realized I had enough money saved to purchase a new van.
I bought a new TV.
I bought new dresses for me at past 24 hrs. It make me more pleasure.
My dad bought me a surprise bracelet from Tiffanys!
I bought a dollar scratch off lottery ticket and I won five bucks.
I was compensated exceptionally well for a short task and the money was deposited to my account in short order.
I bought a pinball machine.
I went shopping with my boyfriend, and I was able to buy him some chocolate that he really enjoys.
I bought a new cactus for my desk at work.
The vitamins I ordered a few days ago came in the mail. 
I bought a new car which made me happy
I bought some ice cream and popcorn for a movie date night, and they were really good. I normally dont eat them.
Yesterday, I found a coupon for 40% off an item that I needed to buy. 
My roommate bought my favorite cookies for me.
We went to dinner at 5 Guys and I ordered a nice cheeseburger.
A facebook post on my timeline which describes how a small doing of yours matters a lot.  Story in short goes like this "A guy is standing on platform when his train was halted, and people was buying some edibles from platform vendors and throwing the wrappers through window here and there. this guys goes and pick some of the wrappers and put them into dustbins, after seeing this act of this guy few people felt embarrassed and they got down and collected their wrappers and threw them into dustbin and in no time all the people followed the same."
This morning my roommate bought me coffee for breakfast. 
I purchased pulsar 150 bike, it is my dream bike, finally i bought my bike through installments.
At least once a week I make instrumentals, it usually depend on my mood how great the instrumental would be, well about a hour ago I've made the best instrumental ever and to make it even better a friend of mine purchased it.  It was my first time ever selling an instrumental, let alone make something that awesome.
I went in the bakery and I bought one of my favorites desert which is so popular I never get to buy one before they are all finished. 
I found a liquor store that sells my favorite beer cheap, and I bought a 4 pack of it, and drank 3 of them, and feel pretty good right now.
yesterday evening i purchased some cookies for my sister's daughter and i told her this matter and really happy to hear that then i am very happy to did this
I bought a new hard disk which made me happy
I think that the happiest moment in my life was in 2013 ,at the new year dinner.It is the best memory because my grandmother was still alive.We had a great time ,i remember that we were laughing all time of everything and nothing,it was a great time.
I have always been in love with holidays, with the spirit and all that kind of stuffs;i like how small things can make you feel happy,and you don't need anything else like money;money can buy things but doesn't buy happiness.Happiness for me is being around the people who you love.
A customer bought me in a free coffee which helped me since I was tired yesterday afternoon.
A package that I ordered arrived a few days earlier than estimated.
I've been having a lot of fun with a new Fire Emblem game I've bought recently. 
My friend bought me a cool action figure that i always wanted.
I went to a rummage sale and bought some nice books.
I finished some art and was able to get it up online and someone mad a purchase immediately 
 Our family bought plant starts and started a vegetable garden! I was admiring it and felt proud that we did it! 
i bought more banana since i was out of them since last week
My husband bought me delicious coffee, dark, but not upsetting to my stomach.
I purchased a pretty new chair for my room.
I went to Shopping Mall and purchase lot of things.
There was a sale for digital copy of a book i wanted and I bought it for 70% off.
I accompanied my girlfriend to her work as she needed to be there after hours and wanted some company, and as thanks she bought me Taco Bell, which I haven't had in a while.
On Amazon I bought a really nice Shih Tzu garden flag to give as a gift to my grandmother this weekend when I see her for our Memorial Day cookout.
I ordered a brand new water bottle that I am excited to receive.
My friend has been working on publishing his first book for many years and it just came available to pre-order online.
I found a cool denim jacket and I bought it. It's very soft, looks nice, and was a good price! I'm glad I found it. 
I purchased a skateboard for my cousin brother.
In order to be productive we need to be organized. So should be your desk, your files and of course your desktop. A clean work space gives you a great push when you want to start new things or tasks. And a happy wallpaper should bring the smile on your face.
I had purchased a remastered version of an album I like a lot and it showed up in the mail. 
My dad emailed me and told me he bought me a mortar and pestle, which i've wanted, for cooking, for a really long time!
My husband bought me an ice cream sandwich 
I preordered a game I have been looking forward to for awhile (Tekken 7).
Today I need you to go shopping for an item that I have been dreading to buy because I've thought that this item is very expensive. Since I've been holding off on buying this item today was a day I needed to go to buy it. I'm in a terrible mood as I enter the store because of how much money I think I'm going to need to spend. After I approach the team member working in the store and ask where the product is and how much it is, she surprised me by telling me that item was only $35. ONLY $35. There's always some sort of satisfaction in saving money. Even though I saved money. I spent more money in the store on things I needed as well because of how much I saved originally.
We got the softball shirt order started
I put up my paintings that I bought at the art show.
I bought Clinique cream and received free gifts with purchase.
I got great news about the house we are buying.
I bought my girlfriend the sims game she had been wanting.
I woke up and was able to buy myself coffee on my way to work.
I bought a used book that I had been wanting to read.
I didn't think I would be able to eat McDonalds because of how low my funds were, but for dinner I received a McChicken that my mother bought me, usually I would have to pay her back but this time I didn't have to.  
I got 10% cashback offer in Amazon purchase. This makes me happy today.
I bought a pizza from Pizza Hut.
I was able to order a beer online that is my favorite and I have not had in a long time
I went and bought some new clothes. 
I bought tickets for two baseball games later this summer that I will attend with family members.
I joined a local senior center in order to take aerobics classes.
I had a work order to get my blinds in my apartment fixed so I could open them and look out. 
I bought a new chair for my living room.
The part that I ordered to restore my truck came on time and fit perfectly onto the vehicle.
One thing that made me happy today was having a cold canned drink I had bought a while ago and had been saving because it was difficult to find and brought me pleasure, and it motivated me to stay focused and on track today.
I found out I can buy bread at Walmart that only has 45 calories per slice
My daughter played with a slide that we just purchased for her and there were lights of squeals of delight.
I finally received a shirt from Amazon that I ordered nearly a month ago.
I preordered a Blu-ray of a movie I have been very excited to see, and it arrived in the mail today. 
when i bought an ice cream
Cleaning my bathroom and seeing everything in order.
I bought a new computer on Amazon.
I went downstairs this morning and found that my wife had made me a cup of coffee and bought me donuts.
On May 20, 2017 I received a credit card offer for 0% interest on purchases for a period of 15 months.
i bought a home tv yesterday.
I bought tickets for a concert by one of my favorite artists
My sister and I ordered some flowers for a late Mother's Day gift for our mom and they just arrived and she really liked them.
I bought a new pillow for myself yesterday night, and I slept so well with it.
I bought a SKIL circular saw for working at home in some wood crafts I wanted to make form long time ago, but it was impossible without this tool. I found a great deal in a store and went to buy it this morning.
Brother bought a outside pool for this blazing hot weather 
My mom and I recently bought flowers and Lowes and today I planted them out back.  It's very relaxing and very satisfying. 
I ordered a cheese pizza last night and ate it while I watched reruns of Game of Thrones.
The shoes I ordered for work arrived today.
I bought a 10-pack box of brownies from Costco.
I had time to read some of the new books I bought this week. 
A few samples I ordered arrived, including pet food for my dog!
my boyfriend ordered me a brand new galaxy s8.
I was able to purchase groceries for the week.
The clothes I ordered online all fit me very well so I don't have to return any back
The pizza guy messed up my order and so they gave me my order for free! I had to wait a little while but nothing beats free pizza.
When I bought my MacBook. 
I saw my cat sleeping for the first time on a bed I just bought for her this past weekend.
I just bought a new washer and dryer for our house last week. They were delivered and installed today.  I am very happy and so is my wife, they are state of the art, all electronic and energy efficient.  I am expecting to realize savings in my water and electric bill. 
Today I just bought a PS4 Pro after work to compliment a new television. 
I decided to purchase a new video game.
My coffee I ordered was made perfectly how I like it this morning. Just the right amount of sugar and cream.
I bought a new pair of shoes.
It made me happy today buying the things that I needed.
I bought a new 3 BHK apartment for me and my family.
I bought a new tennis racket today.
My sister found a bunch of books of a series I have been looking for at a library sale. She bought them for me and brought them to my place of work so  I could have them.
Yesterday i bought a new bicycle to my daughter and i was very happy because i have told her i will get her bicycle if she got first mark in the class. since she got first mark in the class i bought her bicycle as promised.
yesterday i went to shopping.i bought lot of toys for my son.that time he enjoyed 
Venting on the phone to the rep at Amazon for an order I placed and received the wrong item even though it didn't rectify the mistake
I went shopping and bought a new pair of sunglasses.
I purchased a dresser at Ikea that I've been eyeing for many months.
A top I wanted at Uniqlo finally went on sale and I was able to get the size and color I wanted when I placed an order today.
I bought some sweets in my happiness and I distributed it around my family members
Hearing that my (usually picky) grandma loved the sheets that my mom and I bought her for Mother's Day.
the day i purchase new bike
I ordered sushi and egg rolls from a delivery service that was very good yesterday afternoon.
I ordered pizza last night for while I was playing ffxiv.
My husband bought me caramel M&M's.
I bought my husband some ice cream and he was super excited about it.
I bought tickets to a concert with my girlfriend, to go see a band we both really enjoy
My girlfriend bought me a new game: Breathe of the Wild.
One thing that made me happy today was receiving some clothes in the mail that I ordered a while ago because I generally feel impatient to receive things in the mail and I was really looking forward to assessing their quality and wearing them for the first time.
past 3 months ago i bought a new bike . it is very nice bike.
I buy a package of new socks.
I bought a new smart phone that allows me to hook up to my car GPS via Android Auto.
past 1 month ago i bought a new laptop. it is very nice and useful for me.
I was able to buy the drink I wanted without having to worry about money.
I bought my boyfriend groceries, which helped him with his bills.
Got my Amazon order
I found and purchased some new books.
me and my girlfriend bought our first animal, a hamster
I found a bunch of quarters in a drawer at home and used them to buy beer without spending extra money.
Another event that recently made me happy was getting my house in order and uncluttered. 
In addition to the 0% interes the credit card gave a cash back of $150 on purchases of $500 for each of the 3 month periods within the 15 months.
My dad bought me a new shelving set without me asking
I bought a new laptop.
I bought a beautiful dress and shoes.
I ordered a huge sandwich at the deli and watched it being made and it turned out to be an amazing sandwich.
Found a $5 on the ground and used it to buy lunch and was a nice surprise.
I bought a new pedal for my guitar last night, and got a great deal on it.
I found a deal on energy drinks and bought at least 15 of them for 22 cents each.
The one happy event that I prepared for last night was the velocity of my wife. All our staff were already preparing for it. Last night in advance they had purchased some gifts and we organized the function at our old building behind. After this birthday event I feel so happy.
Someone ordered really great pizza for our lunch.
I bought a bottle of liquor called amaretto Disaronno. 
I drank coffee this morning in order to wake up and get moving.
Ordering a pizza, I ordered exactly what I wanted and it came out perfect
I bought the girlfriend a new phone that she thought was impossible.
I bought a special tool and cleaned my mini-blinds to a shine. 
I went to Bargain Hunt and purchased a microwave at a great price.
My coworker bought me a mug to thank me for some extra help I gave him.
A friend purchased lunch for me so we could talk about things in our department. 
An online order from Urban Outfitters came to my house four days earlier than their estimated delivery date
I was happy when I ordered a pizza and only had to pay for the delivery charge.
I purchased a wardrobe for my parents which they wanted for a very long time. It was a big surprise for them. They felt so happy on seeing the wardrobe which made me happy as well.
I bought a shirt that looks good on me.
I spent time looking for a car to buy.
While eating breakfast, i felt a light jab from my border collie, she had gathered the paper dish the bird tossed from the top of his cage and brought it to me for her task treat! 
I also was able to buy some doughnuts at the shop that were amazing.
My girlfriend secretly bought me quite a few games to go with the new PS4. 
Yesterday I was talking with my sister on telephone. We are discussing some purchased items. The whole discussion made me feel happy.
We went to 5 guys last night for dinner. I have not been there in order 3 years. It was sooo good! 
I received the purchase order for my new phone and I am happy.
When making my purchases at the store I was able to buy everything I needed for two weeks and a little pie for myself on the ride home. I love when I am able to spend 50 cents on myself and be in the moment. 
I taught my 2 year old how to breathe deeply in order to try calming down. 
I received notice that an item I ordered, which was delayed in transit, would be delivered tomorrow.
I bought a new car for my father.
buy new dress 
Finally ordered a pair of shoes I've been wanted and came with free 2 day shipping.
to day purchase new dress
When we went outside with family and saw dogs playing in the park and one dog licked my feet and followed us home. The dog is following all my orders.
I bought myself some new clothes.
My wife bought me a new shirt last week
I bought a iced mocha from jack in the box.
I bought some sweaters at a really great price because JCPenney is closing
i purchase air conditioner
when we all siblings contributed and ordered a pizza.
I bought new shoes.
I bought new shoes that I have been looking for for a month
An order I placed for a while back for a blu ray movie surprised me. 
My little girl--she's four--stole a couple of empty milk jugs out of the recycling pile and has been running around playing with them all day.  It's that kind of adorable silly cliche about how you buy your kids all these toys, but in the end they might just prefer to play with empty boxes.  Or in this case, straight up trash!  
I ordered bacon and pineapple pizza from Domino's and got a good deal on it.
As a result, the total cash backs of $750 plus 0% interest on purchases over the 15 month period made me fill an application for the new credit card.
I ordered from a new restaurant.
I got a free sub at a local restaurant when I went in to order. 
Today at work, our employer bought the entire office pizza for lunch.  I was able to eat free today!
My boss bought lunch for all of the office staff.
My sister went to a festival and happened to buy me a shirt of a music artist I love which was cool.
I got a package in the mail and it was the bath bombs and bubble bath I ordered.
I got to make a little kid selling cookies on the street happy by buying her wares.
I thought I was going to have to buy a new computer speaker, but my brother came out and found out how to get the old one to work right.  For that I am happy because a new speaker isn't withing my budget.
We bought a new home
I got a new rug for my kitchen. I've wanted one for a while. I ordered it and it just showed up this morning. It's perfect! 
I received a a discount code in my email that will save we some money on a future online purchase.
I was about to purchase a new 4K TV online but I found out that they had the same model at the local best buy so I was able to pick it up from the store instead of waiting for the delivery.
Today I was able to experience some happiness at seeing pictures of flowers (I bought for my mother last mother's day) that finally bloomed on a specific orchid cactus.
My grandfather bought me fast food when he was out shopping. That was really nice of him. I was grateful.
I was able to grocery shopping and buy some things I needed here that always makes me happy because I feel like I was able to accomplish something by myself. 
I purchased a Swivel walker on offer up for $10. It was in great shape and retails for $90!!!
i had to go to guitar center, a store a normally dont like very much, but a helpful clerk got me a good deal on what i needed to buy and was very nice to me.  
I bought a fidget spinner and ended up really enjoying playing with it.
I bought a new tablet from amazon and it works great.
I have purchased jewel for my wife
Burger King got my order right and all of my food was fresh.
We bought a new swimming googles for my kid.
I bought a plane ticket to visit a friend.
Lastly I decided to order a water instead of a coke like I normally do.  This made  me happy because I am making the right choices.
I visit a exhibition stall and purchased some home appliance in discount price.
I received a package from overseas that I ordered a few weeks ago, containing sugarcraft products that I intend to utilize in my baking hobby. 
I bought  one puppy and it is very cute.
3 hours before 1 bought i bought apple iphone
Getting an order in from amazon.
Grandma bought my cousin and I pizza for dinner.
I went grocery shopping and bought a bunch of new foods to try.
I bought a brand new guitar.
I was able to buy an item online that I cannot find anywhere in the United States, and I really needed it.
There was a shoe sale at JCPenny so I was able to buy new hiking shoes.
I purchased a computer mouse that is more technologically advanced than my previous mouse. 
I bought food for the BBQ I'm going to have over the weekend.
I bought Astro A40 headphones.
I was able to pre-order my new game that is coming out next Tuesday today.
My girlfriend bought me a very nice takeout dinner.
I was happy when my mom bought a new Toyota.
I began to pay for my fast food order, only to discover that it had been given to me for free by the store.
My co-worker bought me a free sandwich from chick fil a
I bought a much need part for a device I own.
Someone left a dollar in the lottery machine and I bought a scratch ticket that I won $10 bucks on.
I found 10 dollars in my pants pocket today that I forgot about. XD I know its silly but thats awesome to me! So i bought chinese food.
A makeup item (contour palette) I've had on my wishlist for several months went on sale, so I purchased it online.
I was able to get a full refund an a chaise I purchased recently.
I bought beer.
I bought a new album by Devin The Dude called "The Dude"
I decided to buy carrots from a Farmer's Market and they were delicious.
I recently purchased a new laptop
I bought myself new clothes.
I bought my favorite ice cream.
I went to one of my favorite taco restaurants and ordered a new burrito on their menu.
I bought a tv series that was only available in Canada before, but then found out it was on sale in the U.S.
I bought steak and champagne to enjoy for dinner
I got in touch with a lawyer in order to sue my ex-employer
My friend at work bought me a breakfast sandwich.
I bought a new, comfortable mattress 
I bought some new summer clothes.
I ordered tickets to see my favorite sports team who do not play here locally, so I am normally unable to watch them live.
I received a phone case I ordered on Amazon. 
I went to restaurant, and just before I ordered, I found out that there was a huge discount on a menu I'd been meaning to try for a while now. Suffice to say, I enjoyed it very much.
I was assigned to work my favorite position of taking customer orders at work today.
There was a sale on ice cream sandwiches, so I bought a bunch of them.
Yesterday, I was able to buy my younger brother a video game he's been anticipating for a year now but wasn't expecting to get. He was so surprised , he really didn't know how to act.
Yesterday, I ordered two large pizzas and chicken wings from Dominos to share among me and some friends while we enjoyed the meal together watching some NHL hockey. 
I bought myself a new video game.
I was able to give exact change to the cashier lady at Jimmy John's. I love rooting around in my purse and finding leftover change, or collecting it over a period of time and realizing I can buy a meal with it, and realizing I can do it without requiring change back! Also, I was able to use a dollar coin that I had and those are neat. Hope that doesn't seem too weird but it did make me happy.
My partner sold a very expensive synthesizer and can now buy a car so we don't have to share mine anymore.
I bought a new cell phone for my dad.
I bought some high quality, lightly used appliances for the apartment we are moving into the summer.
I bought a led tv happy that day.
I bought a new laptop for my work for the exchange of old one.
When my co-worker offered to buy me water
Yesterday i went to shopping along with my family and i was very happy because i bought my child a new dress which i was planning to get her for over a month.
Today my school took me and some other under privileged students shopping. I was happy because i have never owned new clothes. All my clothes come from the thrift store and are flawed and dingy when i buy them. 
I bought nba season tickets to bring my son to all the games next year for quality time.
I ate some of the cherries I decided to buy today, and they were delicious.
I recently became friends with a really great group of people. Yesterday we ordered pizza, Chinese, and taco bell. Then we sat around talking and eating. Good times.
I bought season passes for my family to the area amusement /water park.
yesterday evening I attend the marriage reception  of my relatives . I helped them for purchase of goods and other function related things. They congratulated  me on stage  for timing help.  I am very happy still I am feeling it.
My package that I ordered last week came in today and it was just as expected.
I bought a movie online to watch tonight.
A happy moment for me was when I bought my first dj starter set wow what a feeling even though every one around me told me it was a waste of money I knew deep down inside it was the right thing to do.
I bought and ate some Mexican sushi.
past 2 months ago i will bought new smart phone . it is very nice.
I had a problem with my lunch order and received it for free.
I bought the mod-kit for the Astro A40 headphones.
Something that made me happy today was the fact I fixed an issue I had been having with my music equipment, and it made me happy because it made me feel like I knew how to troubleshoot things that were important to me, and it helped me save money, because I did not have to buy new equipment. 
I bought myself some Starbucks coffee
A package I ordered yesterday has already shipped.
Went shopping today with my roommate and purchased a new Laptop! 
I bought a new Xbox game called Ori and the Blind Forest.
The special origami kit I ordered from Japan arrived in the mail today.
I video game I want went on sale and I bought it.
I was entering a contest using special codes that I had collected over the past month. I needed a few more codes in order to redeem for a reward. I posted on a popular web forum requesting unwanted codes and didn't get a response for hours and after I had given up hope, someone surprised me with multiple codes and I was able to redeem for a reward. 
I bought computer parts for building my next gaming PC
I bought some groceries on sale and some other things from the store.
My husband bought tickets to an event I really want to go to. 
I ordered a rare beer online I had been looking for a very long time
I went to the Farmer's Market and bought some fresh tomatoes and peppers.
I bought a plane ticket for an upcoming trip.
I realized my husband had purchased me ice cream made from almond milk since I can't have regular.
A package came with some Blu-Ray movies I'd ordered.
I went to the store and bought honey mangoes, my favorite fruit.
I bought bulgogi today.
I found a lot of things I want to buy online.
i bought a smartphone through online orders.
My friend Portia bought me a new video game.
I bought a new skateboard which I have been wanting to do for a while now.
Our vp shows us how much he cares by ordering pizza
I didn't realize I had clipped digital coupons for some of the items I bought at the grocery store, so my bill was less than I thought it was going to be.
My mother bought me shoes.
I purchased a new iPod today so that I can listen to my music again.
Receiving the new coffee I ordered online.
I bought a Welcome Pack in the game Heroes of the Storm and received some in-game loot chests with a number of rare items I wanted.
My co-worker bought me free coffee as it was buy one get one free coffee offer at McDonalds, she was like take this, it's free. I was feeling tired but free coffee makes so much happy :-)
I bought a couple of books that I had been wanting to read for months.
I listed two bird cages I had for sale on Facebook, and I got a bite! And this time the potential buyer showed up and we completed a transaction. I was able to give them something that provided value to their lives at a substantially lowered cost, knowing that the cages would go to a parrot that they loved (I love birds myself but don't have one anymore), and was able to make a little money back. Plus, I freed up some space in my garage!
I saw an ugly, expensive car and realized that no matter how much money you make, you can't buy taste.
I received my mail today and in it was a package I ordered from Japan several weeks ago and had completely forgotten about it.
yesterday evening My daughter asked one dress set . But she did not come for purchase . After buying the dress I get confused my self weather the dress is correct matching and correct size for her taste. Luckily the dress set exactly match and she was very happy.That is the happy moment for me.
I further improved the condition of my car with a purchase I made today.
I ordered tamales from a mexican restaurant in town. I was surprised because all of the other restaurants have horrible tamales, but these were delicious.
This morning, I bought my tickets to the new Kendrick Lamar concert coming to where I live in August. 
I bought tuna for cheap.
I was happy to see my Amazon order delivered this morning.
I bought an awesome new vacuum that really cleans so well!
While shopping for vodka I found a deal that allowed me to buy a 1.75 liter for less than three dollars after mail in rebate.
I purchased a brand new wireless speaker that I can use in my boat this summer.
I bought a watermelon.
I found out my sister bought a house.
Some of the PC parts I ordered online arrived on my doorstep today. I am now closer to building my Ryzen PC.
It made me happy that I bought a new dishwasher because my old one isn't working well.
I bought a painting for our apartment. 
the moment i go out to store to buy an ice cream
buying a new pair of sneakers
I purchased tickets to a play off game. 
An event that made me happy was selling some stock that I had bought and doubling my money.
I bought the mix-amp for the Astro A40 headphones.
A really neat Humble Bundle went on sale which allowed me to purchase some fun video games for only $1. 
I ordered a new game for my Nintendo 64 collection from Amazon. 
Someone bought an item that I was auctioning on ebay for a price that I was pleased with.
I bought a game I have been looking forward to for awhile (Dark Souls 3).
I bought new tires for my vehicle.
I bought bananas that were on sale from the grocery store.
My sister sent me a bunch of pictures of the new house she just purchased.
I was able to purchase some accessories that I needed for a good price. 
I got a great deal with an online order for clothes I placed.  I really saved a lot of money with a coupon code!
I was given paperwork to fill out in order to officially take a new job that I am looking forward to
My order has shipped from Amazon and should be waiting for me when I get home tonight
I found and bought some unique sea shells at a thrift shop today. 
I found and bought some white peaches today. I love them
The new Crabby wallet I bought just arrived in the mail.
I got impulsive one day and bought something I'd been meaning to buy for a while now. The thrill of making the purchase really felt exciting and made me feel alive.
I had a successful crypto currency trade, I purchased some bit coins awhile and sold them for a profit yesterday.
I received an unexpected coupon when I bought some things at a nearby store.
buying ice cream
I went to the supermarket, bought Pepsi, then came home and drank my Pepsi.
When I purchased cute shorts that fit perfectly!
Wife just got home with groceries and, included in this grocery run is my favorite beer. Which she bought just for me. So it made me happy that she thought of me.
I realized many years ago that I am food motivated. This evening my wife and I could not decide what to make for dinner so we did something we don't do often, and ordered a pizza. It was so tasty and I ate too much but it make me so happy to rub my full tummy afterwards. 
A stranger bought me lunch today at the local drive thru when I was out on my lunch break from work. I had no idea but the person in front of me paid for my meal as well.
I bought flowers for my girlfriend.
I got a big order for designing clothes as I am good at it
My mom bought a cage for my brother's destructive dog to keep him in for the night.
I went to the store and bought some oreo cookies.
When I bought take-out for dinner, the employee I talked to was very friendly.
The appraisal on my house came in today and it was 20% improvement from when we bought the house.
I bought a new air conditioner, so the summer should be more comfortable than last year.
When my online purchase finally arrives at my house. At that time, I felt happy to hold that by my hands.Because that is one of my favourable thing.
When my online purchase finally arrives at my house. At that time i felt happy to hold that by my hands. Because that is one of my favorable thing.
When my online purchase finally arrives at my house. At that time, I felt happy to hold that by my hands.Because that is one of my favourable thing.



when my online purchase finally arrives at my house. at that time, i felt happy to hold that by my hands, because that is one of my favourable thing.
When my online purchase finally arrives at my house. At that time, I felt happy to hold that by my hands.Because that is one of my favourable thing.



When my online purchase finally arrives at my house. At that, I felt happy to hold that by my hands. Because that in one of my favourable thing.
When my online purchase finally arrives at my house. At that time, I felt happy to hold that by my hands. Because that is one of my favorable thing.
When my online purchases finally arrives at my house. At that time. i felt happy to hold that by my hands, because that is one of my favourable thing.
When my online purchases finally arrives at my house. At that time. I felt happy to hold that my hands, Because that is the of my favourable thing.
When my online purchase finally arrives at my house. At that time i felt happy to hold that by my hands because that is one of my favourable thing.
When my online purchase finally arrives at my house. at that time, i felt happy to hold that by my hands. because that is one of my favourable thing.
When my online purchase finally arrives at my house. At that time, I felt happy to hold that by my hands, Because that is one of my favourable thing.
When my online purchase finally arrives at my house. At that time, I felt happy to hold that by my hands. Because that is one of my favourable thing.
When my  online purchase finally arrives at my house. At that time , I  felt happy to hold that by my hands, Because that is one of my favourable thing.
When my online purchase finally arrives at my house. At that the i felt happy to hold that by my hands. Because that is one of my favorable things.
When my online purchase finally arrives at my house, at the time, i felt happy to hold that by my hands, because that is one of my favorable thing.
when my online purchases finally arrives at my house .At that time. i felt happy to hold that by my hands,Because that is the of my favorable thing.
When my online purchase family arrives at my houses, at felt happy to hold that by that by my hands, because that in ome of my favorable thing.
When my online purchase finally arrives at my house. At that time, I felt happy to hold that by my hands. Because that is one of my favourable thing.
When my online purchases finally arrives at my house. At that time. I felt happy to hold that by my hands, Because that is one of my favorable thing.
When my online purchase finally arrives at my house.At that time ,i felt happy to told that my hands.Because the MOTO G2 mobile my favourite things.
When my online purchase finally arrival at my house. At that time. I felt happy to hold that my hands, Because that is the of my favourable thing.
When my online purchase Financy arrives at my house. At that time, I felt happy to hold that by my hands. Because that is one of my Favourable thing.
Last month i went bank to apply new credit card, Finally reached there and started discussion regarding new credit card. Bank manager offered my high limit gold credit card, I asked why high limit low limit is enough for me. Because i cannot use credit card all the time, i will use this card for online and bulk purchases, So low limit card is enough. But manager told me "Sir you're great customer to our bank, we should offer this card it's my responsibility, please accept this card." I was very happy and asked manager "Sir how can you say i'm your great customer" Manager replied "Sir you have maintained good balance in our bank account." Yes thought about it.. I never waste single amount. Like to save the money always. That will helps me to get good name from bank manager! I felt very happy and thanked to manager. He too thanked me. That was nice experience.
Yesterday evening i went to shopping mall to buy an gift for giving pleasant surprise to my dad and mom because today is my father and mothers 30th wedding anniversary. Today morning i gave it to them and arranged a surprise party it gives me lot of happiness.
When My online purchases finally arrived at my house. At that time. I felt happy to hold that my hands. because that is the of my favourable thing.
My family is in a financial crisis. We had to pay a big amount of money in bank on June 16. Me and my brother was working hard for it for last to two three months. Yesterday we calculated the money we got. And we got the money we need.We did different sort of jobs. We got money from different sources. We were very happy. And we buyed ice cream and celebrated. 
I bought my niece a fidget spinner for her birthday yesterday and she couldn't stop playing with it.
I bought a nice pair of jeans
I went to the local shopping mall and bought some chocolate from a specialty shop.
I was worried that I couldn't afford some very simple, cheap jewelry for an upcoming event, but I got some extra money and bought a beautiful necklace that sparkles and was 50% off. I won't feel "naked" when I'm sitting at the event with all my family and friends who have great jewelry 
I bought some candies. 
When I ordered a steam iron from Amazon.com which will address the need of having my dresses properly ironed while I am traveling.
when my online purchase finally arrives at my house. at that time, i felt happy to hold that by my hands, because that is one of my favourable thing.
I bought a grill chicken and i got another grill free and that offer made me happy
My husband bought me a snack that I wanted from the store.
I bought some leggings I wanted for cheaper than expected.
I received a surprise gift certificate that I can use to buy my favorite coffee beans
I was happy when I came home and gave my dogs the toys that I bought that day.
I made myself a nice cup of coffee from a cinnamon k-cup that I had recently bought and it was delicious.
Last night I was at the store and very hungry. I wanted to buy some junk food, but I managed to withstand temptation. When I got home, I had a salad and some turkey, and it was extremely delicious.
My girlfriend and I went out and bought all of the things we need for our trip. 
My wife and I finally went and bought much needed groceries as well as a bunch of snacks for our vacation.
I buy a new moto g4 smartphone
My son brought home a flower he bought for me with his $5 from the economics fair at school.
I bought a brand new microwave.
I bought a groupon for $5 for a $10 Starbucks gift card! 

This morning I hit a monetary mark on MTurk that allowed me to buy another gift for my fiance's birthday.
Last day I got my phone which one I ordered 3 days back. And I feel very high for that.
I went out to buy jalapeno poppers, I love those.
Yesterday, I made a quick run to Braum's to buy ice cream.
Yesterday, my company ordered pizza for lunch and it was delicious!
My husband and I bought new furniture.
My friend bought me lunch
At the taco place down the street from where I work, they have a happy hour special for 99c battered fish tacos. I ordered 2 and when they came out they were really fresh and warm and crispy. They also had really good salsas and sauces to add. I added a few different types, and squeezed some lime juice on them and ate them. 
I bought tickets to go to the race.
i bought a new cell phone
when my friends buy a new watch for me
I played a new video game I just bought.
I went to the store and bought some milk for my cookies.
i purchase bike   
I bought a new car for my  father.
Finding out my family is buying a lake house soon!
My family bought pizza and wings for dinner.
I bought myself some ice cream and enjoyed it as I watched television.
The cover I ordered for my laptop arrived in the mail today.
The seafood salad I bought for dinner was tasty.
I straightened out an online order of some computer gear I want.
I purchased a new laptop today and I am happy.
Actually i tasted a new brand cocktail pickel for the first time inside a shop, which made too good taste, so i bought it, which made me feel happy.
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I bought a pizza from a pizza shop that I like, that I haven't eaten at in a long time.
bought a new fridge
The new headphones I bought finally got here and they sound even better than the Amazon reviews said they would.
I bought a pair of adidas shoes
I took my son and his friends to the ice cream store and bought some sundaes.
I went with my family to purchase school supplies for my kids and we had a great time and it made me happy
I bought Ritz crackers yesterday for the first time in probably 15 years. They're still amazing.
I bought chocolate ice cream for myself.
While I was at the mall, I also stopped to get a bite to eat and
purchased chicken strips and fries, both of which were delicious.
Something I ordered online came in the mail.
An item I bought from China that I've been waiting for in the mail was just scanned in my home state.
I ordered some new t-shirts online.
I received my new computer that I ordered.
I received a package I ordered from Amazon.
My cousin sent me a text to tell me that he bought a new car.
I went to REI with my partner and they surprised me by buying me a backpacking pack. 
I bought plane tickets for my grandson and me to take a trip to PA>
I bought a new pair of Crossfit shoes that I have been needing for awhile.
My girlfriend bought me ice cream when I went to pick her up. 
Someone that I bought a big gift a few days back thanked me again and told me he really appreciated it.
I went out with some friends to get some food. We originally planned to go to Starbucks but we changed plans at the last minute to go to a local coffee shop. I bought a wrap there and it was surprisingly good! I was happy we changed our destination.
I finished a new computer game that I bought almost a month ago called Middle Earth: Shadow of Mordor based on the Hobbit series.
this morning, I made a large french press of this new flavor coffee. It has pinions in it, so it tastes a bit nutty. It was a risk buying it and I was unsure of the flavor. But this morning I tried it and it blew me away. Easily one of the best coffees. I'm glad I took a risk. I enjoyed it! Made me very happy.
I wont 50 dollars on a scratch off I bought from the store.
I found out I might be accepted to buy a new condo in my neighborhood. 
I bought a new bed set for our bedroom. 
I found a father's day card for my dad and for my husband and bought them.  
My brother bought a new bike for me which i liked 
My son just got approved for a loan to purchase his first home.
I'm happy that I found my steak n shake coupons for buy one get one free milk shakes!
I went to the store and bought some fig snacks to eat with my milk and cookies.
Getting free Chinese food because they messed up my order and devouring it before the movies!
i purchase 5.1 home theatre 
I bought a new 3 BHK apartment for me and my family.
My own car new buying
The new ingredient I bought for my tacos worked out better than I expected.  
Yesterday we went out and had so much fun and felt happy by making purchases and had dinner at our favorite restaurant which made our day interesting.
I think i might buy a new phone.
I bought presents for my nieces for their homecoming.
I purchased an item I was saving for.
In order to be productive we need to be organized. So should be your desk, your files and of course your desktop. A clean work space gives you a great push when you want to start new things or tasks. And a happy wallpaper should bring the smile on your face.
When we got home, my boyfriend and I watched a new movie we had purchased very recently that we were both very excited for. 
A Nespresso machine I ordered arrived.
I purchased a Dell brand Laptop today.
I just bought some ice cream for the gas stat ion
I purchased a new Sony TV today.  
I got some shoes for an event that is coming up and they hurt my feet. My relative loaned me here shoes and they fit great. I'm so happy that I don't have to buy anymore shoes
Finally while at the mall, I also stopped into the bookstore and purchased 9 new books.
Late night yesterday I was able to purchase tickets, and at a good price, to an upcoming Adele concert.
My boss bought me and some coworkers lunch one day.
I bought a new pair of Asics sneakers yesterday on Amazon with my Mturk money.
I ordered pickup from a great Mexican restaurant.
My back-ordered yarn delivery arrived.
buying food for the house, most importantly chinese food.!
An item I have been wanting to buy suddenly went on sale, so I purchased them.
I bought a new cellphone that performs better.
I received a nice compliment from a relative on a new hat I bought.
My neighbor bought a new puppy and asked me to name him. And i named him 'Boris' and they loved the name very much.
My friend bought me some groceries because I didn't feel like going to the store.
Got to my first job this morning and a contractor had bought me breakfast.
Just bought a brand new double stroller! I've been needing one for a while! So now I can go on walks with my kids
Happiest moment of my life is before two months, got my first salary as 1500/- i have sent rs 1000/- as money order to my parents,i felt so happy.That time its a great money for me and my parents.
I bought my ticket for a fundraising conference that is international and in San Francisco this year. 
Searching for and finding a possible home to purchase
I ordered Indian food and it arrived hot and fresh and was tasty!
My packages from Amazon has arrived! It's my first time to order online so it was a nice experience.
A coworker bought a carrot cake cupcake for me as a special treat.
My friend bought me a bottle of my favorite vodka for me to take home for drinks after the office.
I bought an ice cream
i just started my online store and someone bought something from it yesterday, i was so happy
Earlier today, I finally got to purchase a product I had been trying to purchase for a few days. A friend of mine happened to have it, and he was willing it to sell it to me, so I hopped on an hour-long train ride to his little town in New Jersey. It felt amazing.
I ordered a new rock climbing rope that was discounted online.
My father came over to my house and bought me some cooked food that was really good.
I bought an expansion to a game I've been playing.
I bought a 10lb bag of Jolly Ranchers.
I bought pizza and my family was happy.
I got paid today so now I can finally buy some good food instead of eating crap!
A friend bought me a keychain while she was in Disneyland
My sons books that I ordered arrived today.
My wife bought a new watch that I wanted.
I bought a new watch.
Today I purchased a new red iPhone 7, this made me happy because I used my change jar to make this purchase!
I completed all of the checkout activities in order to leave the school I work at.
I bought a new bonsai tree this afternoon!
I bought a dollar lottery ticket. I won 10 dollars. I never buy them, and I never win. So it was awesome
I bought a pack of triple chocolate cookies that look like they would taste very well, I haven't opened it yet but I hope I won't get disappointed.
I went to the supermarket and my favorite cereal was on sale buy one get one free deal. 
bought some new furniture
I was able to buy an exclusive shirt from one of my favorite brands. 
We buyed one small puppy it's white color and very cute one 
My father took me shopping the same day because he felt that I would need some more things to take with me. We bought gifts for my cousins and my uncle and aunt and when I came back home my cupboard was full of new clothes, shoes, gifts, etc.
I found a gift to buy for my newly pregnant sister that I know she will really like.
I figured out what I'm going to buy my wife for Christmas.
in my past hours i was fully enjoyed with my family. we are celebrating to my partner birthday. it was very happy to my family. we are give many surprises gifts to my partner and we are go to outing many places and we purchase many items on that day.
Alex got back to me about buying some trees. 
Transferring the title and registering a 2011 Hyundai Sonata; bought it from my grandpa, first car that I own personally!
Actually today morning my aunt bought me a water resistant sports wrist watch, which made me feel really very happy.
I found a ladybug in a freshly bought head of lettuce, and the little gal woke up when she warmed up, so I was able to set her free outside.
I just received my microphone order through delivery, it was wonderful.  I have a thing about old fashion headphone with fold down mic so I was very glad to get just the one I wanted.
I have bought my new bike. It is a happiest moment for me and my bike is superb to ride with. I enjoyed a lot.
My grocery store introduced a new brand of prepared meat entree for dinners so I bought a few and microwaved one for dinner.  It was delicious and so much easier than cooking.
I bought a new phone.
I finally ordered some new contacts after being stuck with glasses for the last month.
I bought a new keyboard for my computer. 
I bought my girlfriend a gift.
Last night I decided to order pizza because I hadn't had it in a while and it was tasty.
My friend Erik bought me a bottle of Sprite when I was really thirsty.
I bought a new container of Blue Bunny ice cream.
i bought a xbox
I went out to lunch with my cute co-worker and he bought lunch for me.
I had bought Autozone stock yesterday when it dipped due to the bad earnings.  I was hoping for a dead cat bounce and surely enough it popped about $14.00 today and I was able to make some good chunk of money.  That made me really happy. 
I found a Farpoint bundle for PS4. I've been hunting one down for days, and just when I was about to give up I found one and bought it.
Making myself a cup of the coffee I ordered online
Something that made me happy today was the fact I was able to concentrate very well at work and get a lot of things done because I woke up feeling passive and unmotivated and really needed to have a successful day in order to avoid a lot of stress next week, and I was able to do so fairly well.
I bought lunch today at a restaurant I like.
I bought a bottle of nice bourbon for myself tonight.
Someone bought me lunch.
I purchased tickets to the Seattle International Film Festival today. 
My wife bought discounted tickets for a movie date night that we're going to go on in a few weeks.
I bought fast food for breakfast and it was great.
We found out we have have lunch purchased for us tomorrow.
I purchased a new bi-cycle for my kid and also the cycling kit.
I bought my sister a birthday gift
I was really happy today when Keurig Company included me in a test market, where I was able to purchase a new, un-marketed coffee maker for $25.
I bought steaks at Trader Joe's at a great price. 
I bought a new razor that I'm excited to try out.
Right now I am happy because I love doing hits, making extra money for more fun purchases!
I went grocery shopping and bought snacks.
I purchased a dinning table and 6 chairs today.
I bought my son his first booster car seat which made him so happy and made me so proud.
I bought a new 3 BHK apartment for me and my family near my workplace.
I was able to buy the last chicken salad at the nearby cafe.
I ordered some really cute items online.
I bought a new phone
My family surprised me with buying Chinese food for dinner.
I bought one sofa which cost about twenty thousand rupees.
We bought a new Home theater yesterday. The sound is just amazing. I feel very happy to hear music of my favorites in that system.
I bought a new dress that looks really good and it was 75 percent off.
My roommate's boyfriend bought dinner for us.
I signed the paper and took the parcel. My hands were itching to open the packet as my curiosity knew no bounds. I ripped the parcel open and found a beautiful tape recorder in it. The parcel had been sent from the United States and the letter along with it was from my uncle who had sent me that wonderful gift.


I buy a good quality refrigerator today.
We ordered lunch from an amazing Mexican place at work and had a delicious meal.
My Amazon order was refunded when I had my delivery got stolen.
bought a new dress
A dress that I bought for my birthday arrived and was really pretty.
I ordered some decent pizza.
I purchased a ticket to a show I wanted to see really bad.
I purchased a new car for my family
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I ordered two of my favorite pizzas from Pizza Hut and it was cooked just right.
My fiancee promise me to buy a ring
I bought my self a t-shirt.
I bought a new type of coffee to try and it turned out to be really good. 
While shopping for items at CVS tonight, I received a coupon for 30% off of my next purchase!
There was a buy one get one free promotion at Dunkin Donuts, so I treated myself.
It made me happy to buy a new tablet for my brother.
i know someone who works at a venue and i told them i had tried to buy tickets for a concert and they said they could get me in for free and i should always ask her if there are show i want to go to at that venue
I managed to fix a tablet that wasn't working so I don't have to buy a new one.
Bought something i've been eyeing for a long time, i had the money so i bought it! very happy
I went to the store and bought a movie that I had been waiting to see, and I plan to watch it tonight.
My aunt bought me a gift.  She got me a blu-ray movie.  It was so thoughtful and made me really happy.
My mother went to out of place.. Then, she arrived at home... My mother presented to me a makeup things and dresses.. I felt happy because I did not told buy the product.. but My mother bought makeup things..
I bought a new grill.  
I bought a new pair of running shoes that I really love.
I bought a new video game.
I ordered a new backpack on Amazon and am very excited about it.
My husband bought home several fidget spinner which I have been following the fad.
I bought a burger and they gave me a another one for free this evening!
I bought tickets to an amusement park for tomorrow to celebrate the first day of Summer Break. 
I bought a new ebook.
Something that made me happy today was finding out that someone unexpectedly bought me food because it was a surprise that showed thought and consideration, and the food was also a pleasantly healthy alternative to another thing I was considering eating.
My wife and I found a great deal on ice cream at the grocery store. With a coupon, we were able to buy six pints for under $3 total.
I bought a new coffee maker to replace an old one and it has new features that I like.
I bought some of the best tasting strawberries and blackberries that I've had in recent memory at the grocery store.
I made a delicious leg of lamb steak for dinner that I purchased on sale! 
I caught a lot of easy tasks on the Mechanical Turk platform and made enough money to buy food for a couple more days.
My dad bought and made curry for supper today. 
I bought myself a Nintendo 2DS as a gift for finishing the school year. 
I purchased new home appliances which is useful to kitchen.
I purchased some kitchen utensils.
My husband bought groceries and made dinner.
I bought chicken breast at meijer yesterday and am thoroughly impressed with how it turned out as I typically don't like baked chicken.
My girlfriend randomly bought me shirts and socks, both of which I really needed 
I received an article of clothing I purchased online and was happy to see that it fit.
I bought a new pair of shoes.
I bought a new car for my father as a gift.
Helped a friend of mine set up his professional bike that he just purchased and get it ready for a long ride.
I placed an order for the final components of the computer I've been putting together.  It's got a very specific color scheme, and it will feel good to add matching data cables and really feel like my rig is "complete."
I got reward from online purchase site
I bought a new pair of pants.   They fit absolutely perfect.  A rarity fi for me, im still giddy.
I purchased a stock that hit an all-time high today and is up over 105 from where I purchased it at.
I'm happy because finally I can buy myself a phone, which I dreamed of. I collected money for him 2 months. And now I'll buy it.
I ordered a banner for my home business and it arrived today. It turned out well! 
I bought new furniture for my house.
I was excited to see an ad this morning for a great deal on a baby product I was already planning on buying.
I bought a new grill that I have been looking into getting for quite some time now.
I bought a new dress that I am very pleased with.
I buy a good quality EPSON printer.
I bought I new vape today and it doesn't spit the vape juice back which makes my day a lot better.
I satisfactorily finished hemming the too-long pants I bought online.
Last weekend I bought a new shirt
I splurged during lunch and bought some gourmet chocolate to eat.
I bought a new phone for my spouse.
The screen of my phone had cracked and I ordered the part online for $10. It came today and I learned how to replace it myself with step by step instructions online. This helped me save a bit of money as the repair shop wanted $80 for parts and labor.
I received a new order of cigars.
I went to the store to buy stuff to make Chili
I bought an old lamp with a pink and green shade for $10 at a roadside flea market on my way back from visiting my aunt in the rural countryside this morning.  
Today morning i had an surprise which was given by my parents. They bought a new bike for me. That is my favourite company and colour. I was ride on my bike. I feel like angel and its give me more happiness.
I wanted to purchase some new shoes. The website I bought them from had a buy-one-get-one-half-off sale AND an additional 25% off if you signed up with email.  I got two pair of shoes for $7.00 more than one pair, plus free shipping.
I bought some Halls cough drops for my cold and found that they worked really well.
my brother purchase for me lot. that all are superb. nice tour.
I have Dystonia, a movement disorder, which has twisted my neck into an uncomfortable posture that's been constant for well over 12 years.  In October of last year I began Botox injections to treat my hyperactive muscles causing it.  Having gone through physical therapy and months of work today is the first day in well over one decade that I have been able to sight type.
I purchased a scratch ticket from a cornerstore and won 5 dollars.
We got the final approval for the mortgage for the house we are buying!
I bought a gift for my father.
I ordered a new tablet for work. 
I bought and set up a new barbecue grill.
Received a book in the mail that I had ordered.
we were able to buy my husband a boat
I was happy when I bought 2 new suits at Mens Wearhouse yesterday.
ordered a pizza delivery last evening which is very rare for me to do these days because of financial constraints.
I bought a beautiful bouquet of flowers for cheap at Aldi
We had a no kids night last night so my wife and I ordered take out and watched Netflix.
I bought some new clothes that I fit into well
I went to a local pizza place with my brother.  We ordered a pizza and soda then I walked back home.
I bought a new microphone on amazon.
I found a $50 bill tucked into the book I bought for .89 at Goodwill! 
I bought some clothes online
I think the event that made me very happy yesterday, was going to meet up with one of my best friends, then going to eat at a classic taco place, where we and other friends are having a great conversation followed by the great food we ordered, by the time ee finished catching and eating some great food, I could say that I am very happy.
I bought a plane ticket to go see my boyfriend, who is stationed out in California. 
Buying me a new pair of shoes. For about 3 weeks I wanted to buy those shoes, they are brown and soft, and they match perfectly with my type of outfits, and the best part was the price was amazing, they were on discount yesterday and I'm actually wearing them 
My work colleagues bought me lunch today.
I just bought a PlayStation 4 for the first time.
I ordered a new sandwich from a local restaurant and it turned out to be very delicious. 
Last night I was in the mood for ice cream, so I went to Braums. I was happy to find out that banana splits (my favorite ice cream treat) were on sale. I was able to buy a banana split for a lot less than the usual price. 
I bought a brand new pair of shoes.
I took my daughter to the psychiatrist. The psychiatrist says she has severe impulse control disorder. He talked to us for hours. He says it because of my traumatic childhood it passed on to her. That she is not bipolar like my mom. That with some therapy they can help her.
I was able to find a nice father's day card for my husband.  i didn't think I would find a nice one because the day is so close and I had totally forgotten that it was this weekend.  I was happy to find a nice card and I bought him a gift card too that he can use.
I went out to go shopping with my girlfriend. She and I went to go buy weights so we could work out. We went to good will, a thrift store, Ross, and target. It was enjoyable being out with her but eventually I got tired and we went home. Oh yeah we also went to HEB to buy stuff for tacos, yum.
I bought a new pc game
I went and bought this oreo mcflurry from Mcdonalds last night after dinner and that drink was so satisfying it made so happy and i had a good sugar rush for a while. 
I bought a great tie for father's day to give to my dad.
A package arrived I ordered from japan. It had taken over a month to finally reach me. 
I bought a new laptop.
I purchased a muffin tin. 
My boyfriend committed to buying my ticket to visit him in Europe.
I bought myself a 10 piece Chicken McNuggets using the McDonald's app to get myself a discount on the price.
I bought a new tank top I really liked
I ordered a bluray from Amazon of a really great movie, and it arrived this morning. 
My younger brother had his birthday yesterday and I went to Kohl's and bought hims some nice clothes and a nice pair of runners shoes.
I built a TV stand that I recently purchased from scratch with my significant other.
I went shopping and found some great deals.  
I finally figured out how to set my central air conditioner, so it goes on automatically when it gets to a certain temperature.
I bought a new toy for my dog and he loves it.  
It made me very happy to buy my favorite video game last night.
I ordered some fidget spinners for myself and my kids. Two of them arrived yesterday and mine is really quiet, this made me really happy.
I was happy when I found out I can order my groceries online and go pick them up.
My sister in law got pregnant and I will be helping her to buy baby stuffs. 
I bought a fidget spinner online and it arrived today. I've been playing with it since I got it.
My husband and I ordered new furniture for our living room. 
My fiance bought my a picture I wanted so bad. I had been looking at it for months and it was so joyful to open my gift. 
My son 14 who is in the middle of hormonal weirdness likes to talk late at night about stuff. Normally during the day he is rude and short tempered. I have this survey site that pays really good. For some reason my account was suspended. After emailing the site, they unlocked the account and told me all was fine. We bought these two chairs for our backyard. We had none before and I love to sit by the pool in the backyard reading but it got uncomfortable on the concrete, now I am sitting Pretty
I had a really good conversation with a new friend I met. We were heading back home and I stopped by the deli to get some drinks and he bought me a drink. I was moved by his generosity.
I ordered Postmates and got a salmon poke bowl which is one of my favorite treats.
We were finally able to purchase an item my son very much wanted and that other kids already had.  He was very elated and seeing the look on his face made me extremely happy.
I placed an order through amazon and usually select the free shipping that takes 5-10 business days. My order happens to take the max amount of time, 10 business days. This morning, I got a email telling me that my order has shipped and that I will be getting it tomorrow.
I got a discount code for an item I was planning on buying anyways just before I was about to purchase.
I went to the store and bought a new cd.
I bought our park tickets to Disney World for our mini vacation in September.
I got a package for a microphone that I had ordered online earlier than expected.
The new stuff I ordered online from Sephora got was waiting on my doorstep when I got home, which I'm looking forward to trying out.
I bought myself a new PS4.
My father took me out to lunch at a nice restaurant and encouraged me to order an appetizer along with whatever entree I wanted (he usually wants takeout from a sandwich place). 
I bought Mario Kart 8 Deluxe for the Nintendo Switch and have been loving it.
I purchased new dress
I bought a new dining table.
I gave my dogs to eat canned food I bought from a far a way place. I felt good for going so far to get them food.
the day i bought my new bike
I bought a new pair of shoes.
Yesterday i bought a new cell phone and i was very happy because i have been planning to buy for over a period of 6 months. now i can use the phone for making slides for my office presentation.
I purchased new dress
I got the errand of buying a fathers day gift out of the way.
I called in sick to work today, not because I was really sick, but because I woke up with an ugly and hurtful sty in my eye.  I am happy because I went to the store and bought some eye cream and now it feels and looks a lot better.  I am relieved and happy that I am not going to have to live with this pain for a while.
I bought a new plant and have not had good luck with indoor plants surviving but i feel like I created a good experience this time and took extra effort in choosing the correct area and amount of daily sunlight for my new indoor ivy plant.
I bought and installed a new air conditioner.
I pre-ordered a Nintendo Switch and I can't wait!
A book I ordered for my brother (that I secretly hoped to read for myself) came in the mail.
I started a small business two months ago and received a new order yesterday.
I ordered a pepperoni pizza.
I shopped for and ordered a rebounder (mini trampoline) so that i have more options for exercise, thus increasing the amount of exercise that i will get. 
I bought a pinata for my daughter's birthday.
I bought a new appliance for kitchen.
I bought a website for my partner.
Yesterday in the mail I received the Gil Hodges rookie card I bought on eBay last week.
I bought a new video game that I wanted and that made me happy.
I enjoyed starting a new book I recently purchased.
The Summer Games Done Quick Event is two weeks away and looking at the list of games being run this year, I look forward to dedicating that entire week of the event duration to supporting its cause of Doctors without Borders by watching the stream as I have done in the past.
My friend took me out to a bar and bought me some food and soda.
My boyfriend bought me flowers and my favorite candy and soda
An item that I've been wanting to purchase online for a long time came back in stock today.
I bought a cake and ate some of it for the first time in a few months.
A coworker bought some coffee for me.
I ordered golden state championship gear
My boyfriend came over and bought me food. 
I bought Starbucks and doughnut's earlier today.
I got myself an iced coffee and it was made exactly as I ordered it.
I bought myself an oven pizza as a reward for studying hard
I was talking to a beauty sales associate for new and recommended products since my previous cart was outdated. I sought a new matching color, in addition to a primer that works well with my make up. The associate was very kind and patient with working with my expectations. I enjoy leaving stores without the chance of buyer's remorse.
I had a really nice chat with the young man who works at my neighborhood 7-Eleven yesterday, while I was there buying coffee. I told him a joke I'd just heard and he laughed, which in turn put a huge smile on my face because he always seems a bit somber so I was very pleased to make him laugh. The episode made me feel good about myself and about humanity.
It made me happy when my brother gave me a bag of candy he had bought.
My youngest sister put in two weeks notice at work in order to pursue her dream of becoming a veterinary technician.
I had a really good burrito that I bought from a taco truck.
I was given a discount when buying breakfast this morning for no particular reason.
I got a book I ordered in the mail.
I got an email back from my realtor that my parents would be able to see the house that I'm buying while they are in town. 
I came home and my roommate had ordered pizza after my time out hiking on the lake. It was a pepperoni and cheese pizza from my favorite eatery. He offered me some and it had made me very happy in that moment. I was happy about the pizza for roughly 30 minutes, while eating it.
When the gas I bought was cheaper than expected.
I received two jars of Tupelo honey I had ordered on Amazon.
I felt good today when I received a 10% discount in my credit card balance on a purchase I had 1 week ago.
Got an email from bestbuy saying i had fifteen dollars rewards credit.
I bought the same sandwich I always buy for lunch but they were on sale today.
someone bought a piece of jewelry i had put up on ebay
Today I went out for a walk on the city because the weather was cold and perfect. I was with a friend and we talked a lot about everything in life, it was like therapy we both needed it. On our way home we found a exchange of books and sale of used books. So we decided to buy some books for good price.
We made breakfast cookies that were healthy and pretty tasty, then bought ingredients to make them again with less-healthy butterscotch chips.
My friend bought my niece an outfit and my sister sent me a picture of her in it; it was a nice text to get. 
I decided to buy a dog with my partner.
I ordered a Christmas gift online today and was very pleasantly surprised to discover it had just been put on sale so I got it for a great price.  Totally unexpected but wow so neat to find that out.
We figured out the house we are going to buy.
I ate out at over the borders yesterday for lunch
I received a package of clothes that I order a few days ago and they fit well and look great.
Bought my girlfriend some items from Amazon that she was eager to buy.
I ordered some fillable tea bags from amazon, so I can make wild tea, and they arrived.
My daughter called me at night. She lives in Pheonix. She told me that she was planning on buying a house and wanted me to check up and let her know an auspicious day next week. I was extremely happy to hear this. 
I finished creating a website portfolio to showcase my artwork and designs in order to generate some new business.
I bought my father a Chevy racing cap for Father's Day.
I bought a new computer game yesterday that I have been enjoying. 
We ordered some new blu ray movies for out collection. 
My son and his girlfriend called to say that they were looking at a house to buy.
I bought myself some food I particularly enjoyed.
I bought some codes for something that were having issues working, but just worked in the past hour.
The bagel I bought for breakfast was perfect.
I received a package that I had ordered a couple days ago off of Amazon.
A hard to find baseball hat I've been looking for arrived in a local store after I ordered it, and I went to pick it up yesterday.
I went tree shopping and decided on what I wanted to buy.
Today amazon released a new product that made me pappy.  Its a new amazon echo like Wand that has a magnet that connects the device to your fridge.  and you can scan your food in the fridge and it will order it for you.  can also answer question.  Technology like this makes me happy and excited.
I ordered the most delicious meal from a restaurant. 
Going to the roller rink with my wife and son to skate and order pizza.
I went to a volunteer meeting for this organization where I volunteer my time. I had expected to miss dinner due to how long the meeting was. They bought us pizza.  I was pretty thrilled about it when I found out.
This morning, I bought a cup of coffee and breakfast from mcdonalds.
My PetsMart order came in yesterday.
The new phone I ordered online finally arrived.  
I live in the middle of the Mojave Desert, have no transportation, and my neighbor just agreed to buy me some food ... in town ... 65 miles away.
My mother sent me a gift card. It's worth $35 but it helps me in order for me to purchase Injustice 2. I thanked her for this and with the additional money I earned, hopefully I can purchase Injustice 2.
I got the decorative wheelbarrow I ordered on Amazon today and I just need to assemble it.
I realized that I had enough money to buy myself some fast food for dinner.
I ordered takeout Chinese food last night for dinner.  Our family hasn't had it in a very long time.  It tasted so good!  I only bought two meals and we split them four ways.  There was no nasty leftovers to eat three days from now.  
I bought a new laptop.
yesterday evening Went outing with my wife and did shopping which made us happy as buying something whether it is necessary or not will bring us pleasure
when my wife buy a new watch for me last night
I bought a new car that I had been looking at for several years. 
I honestly was extremely happy that I bought a new air conditioner yesterday. It was 100 degrees here the two days before that and the air conditioner I had was weak and laboring. It was old. So I was miserable all day. I finally say I need a new one so I went to the store with my partner and bought one. After it was set up I was ecstatic. You have no idea what a change it was! The other one was barely blowing out air and now I have this wonderful, brand new air conditioner that is blowing out ice cold air right at me and filling up my entire bedroom. 
I went to Shopping Mall and purchased many things.
i purchased something at the grocery store, and upon concluding the purchase, I got a coupon for a free pint of ice cream, which I immediately remitted.
We buyed  new car today its very lovely car and got delivered by today we all happy to see the car its navy blue 
Happy is a 2006 Telugu romantic drama film directed by A. Karunakaran. The film stars Allu Arjun, Genelia D'Souza and Manoj Bajpayee in lead roles; music was scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja. The film was produced by Allu Aravind and released on 27 January 2006.

Upon release, the film was dubbed into Malayalam and released with the title Happy be Happy. The Telugu version was moderately successful at the box office whereas the Malayalam version was a smash hit collecting a1 12.22 lakhs in its opening week at Ernakulam.The film ran a total of 170 days in kerala and bought a huge fans to allu arjun in kerala. The film was remade in Bengali under the title Bolo Na Tumi Aamar starring Dev and Koel Mallick and in Oriya under the title Loafer starring Babushaan and Archita Sahu. The movie was dubbed into Hindi as Dum.
A small event that made me happy was waking up to find a nice light rain outside, I had bought a few trees from a charity and we planted them but then a heat hit so I was worried they wouldn't take but now with the rain it will all be good.
I bought a new 3BHK apartment for me and my family near my workplace.
I felt a sense of satisfaction having completed, packaged, and mailed two orders for my company.  
can remember many happy events of my life and out of those, I would like to talk about the event that I can still remember vividly regarding my success in the board exam. The moment I heard that I had been awarded a scholarship based on my performance in the board exam, I became the happiest man in the world. This was indeed a very happy moment for me as it is something I was looking forward to achieving and the news made my parents quite happy and proud.

I spent almost a month with great anxiety regarding my result publication. I started speculating so many things and many of them were negative. I could hardly keep away the tensions about my upcoming result. The result was so important that my college admission would mostly depend on it. I could not sleep well in the night before the result publishing. I think this is a common anxiety for students and I was familiar with this type of anxiety. However, this particular exam results game me more nightmares than any other time of my life.
The result was published at around 11.00 am and I found that I did exceptionally well. I was so relieved and happy that I literally shouted. Then I hurriedly came back to our home and gave the news to my parents. They were happy too. My father bought sweets and my mother gave it to our neighbours. I felt excited, happy and relieved. At that time I was about 15 years old. It happened in our hometown called
I went to the grocery store to buy avocados and found to my delight that at least a hundred fresh, ripe avocados were available; I bought eleven!
I wanted to go to the grocery store and buy in bulk.  I wanted to come home with a car trunk full of groceries.  I knew it would be expensive, so I waited until today when I got my first check.  It was a wonderful experience.
I ordered a couple pizzas yesterday. The pizzas were pretty okay, and I'd been eating nothing but rice and vegetables for the last few weeks.
I just bought Titanfall 2 at half price.
I was able to get a court order that I was looking for.
I bought a new car which made me so happy and went for a round in a new car which made me so happy
What make me happy is when I find a good sales. I purchase two rugs each was at regular price $69.99 and they were on sale for $34.99. I payed 14.73 for each rug that was a saving of $112.00 dollars. That made me very happy, I felt like during a flip.
I took my kids to the store to buy some ice cream. I gave them both a choice to pick whatever ice cream they wanted to have. 
I felt very happy when I received a favorable information regarding my home purchase, which I was waiting for almost a month, 
I ordered pizza and it was way better than usual. 
An event that made me happy in the past 24 hours was a spring concert at Cole's school which they performed 5 songs as a class, showcased their recorder talents, and finished with 2 songs that the whole school sang together.
I was shopping for a new cell phone at Target and found out that I will receive a $200 gift card when I buy a new phone and activate service.
I got a poster I ordered and my husband liked it too.
I went crazy and bought two expensive Pokemon cards on eBay last night.
I bought movie tickets to go see Cars 3 and that made me nostalgic and very happy.
we bought a new car after a long time we bought this car so we were so happy in my family, my kids loved that car.
I went and bought some new tires for my car.
I think a key part of why learning new skills can bring happiness, is that you need to concentrate in order to make progress. The "flow" state has been found to trigger happiness.
bought a new car
I purchased a new car for my family.
I purchased a new smartphone for myself.
I wrote an ebook called A Life for a Purse and put it on Amazon.  I was told, by my family, that no one cared about my writing.  To see that random strangers are buying my ebook makes me happy.  Another person brought my ebook and it made me happy.  I just wish that I could get a review.  
Nearly 50,000 candidates are vying for the position of mayor, deputy mayor, ward chairman and ward member in 283 local municipalities.

The ballot paper in the capital Kathmandu - one of the largest constituencies - was around one metre long to accommodate the 878 candidates.

The vote has been split into two phases because of unrest in the southern plains bordering India, where the minority Madhesi ethnic group is refusing to participate until an amendment to the constitution is passed.
The remaining four provinces, considered potential flashpoints for election-related violence, will vote in the second phase due to be held on June 14.
I was able to fix my broken lawn mower rather than having to buy a new one. 
Some outstanding service from the seller of some sunglasses I ordered meant they arrived less than 24 hours after I ordered them, from right at the other end of the country. Why can't everybody deliver like that?
Happy is a 2006 Telugu romantic drama film directed by A. Karunakaran. The film stars Allu Arjun, Genelia D'Souza and Manoj Bajpayee in lead roles; music was scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja. The film was produced by Allu Aravind and released on 27 January 2006.

Upon release, the film was dubbed into Malayalam and released with the title Happy be Happy. The Telugu version was moderately successful at the box office whereas the Malayalam version was a smash hit collecting a1 12.22 lakhs in its opening week at Ernakulam.The film ran a total of 170 days in kerala and bought a huge fans to allu arjun in kerala. The film was remade in Bengali under the title Bolo Na Tumi Aamar starring Dev and Koel Mallick and in Oriya under the title Loafer starring Babushaan and Archita Sahu. The movie was dubbed into Hindi as Dum.
We bought another puppy and it gets along great with our other dog...nothing more uplifting then seeing happy dogs playing
Last night I watched an episode of aThe Waltonsa with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks
One event that made me feel happy is when I bought ice cream today I felt excited 
I Downloaded the new update for Final Fantasy XIV: Stormblood which I pre ordered so now I get to play it 5 days early.
I received a new order for my business today.
I fixed my wife's laptop so she didn't have to buy a new one.
I bought dress materials for my mother
Coffee shop had my favorite molasses cookies available and for sale.  I bought one and ate it. 
I was able to make dinner using my new copper pan that I bought.  I was surprised at how well it cooked and worked so much better than my ceramic pan. 
I had ordered a dress online about a week ago and it finally came in. I was excited but scared because I've been losing weight recently and was unsure of my new size. I ordered a size smaller than usual and to my surprise it fit! Perfectly! I keep trying on the dress and twirling in it because its so exciting! 
My colleagues ordered a pia that I like and invited me to join them 
I bought a new mobile online with high configuration and received it today.
What make me happy is when I find a good sales. I purchase two rugs each was at regular price $69.99 and they were on sale for $34.99. I payed 14.73 for each rug that was a saving of $112.00 dollars. That made me very happy, I felt like during a flip.
All the time people don't remember their well ordered timetable, in any case if something customary or extra standard happens. It can be basic and striking for whatever is left of their lives. For me, such striking yesterday occasion was the light show of moving wellsprings. I saw this show strangely as of late and feel so happy.
I purchased parts I needed for my car.
I ordered a new pair of sneakers online.
yesterday i bought new car its very nice and so easy to operate the controls so i really happy moments at any time
I drank a bottle of cream soda in the fridge that I bought yesterday, but forgot about.
I bought a video game.
We buyed some cookies, sweets, clothes to our family  all having few cookies in car so enjoyable trip for us 
Happy is a 2006 Telugu romantic drama film directed by A. Karunakaran. The film stars Allu Arjun, Genelia D'Souza and Manoj Bajpayee in lead roles; music was scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja. The film was produced by Allu Aravind and released on 27 January 2006.

Upon release, the film was dubbed into Malayalam and released with the title Happy be Happy. The Telugu version was moderately successful at the box office whereas the Malayalam version was a smash hit collecting a1 12.22 lakhs in its opening week at Ernakulam.The film ran a total of 170 days in kerala and bought a huge fans to allu arjun in kerala. The film was remade in Bengali under the title Bolo Na Tumi Aamar starring Dev and Koel Mallick and in Oriya under the title Loafer starring Babushaan and Archita Sahu. The movie was dubbed into Hindi as Dum.
i bought a new harley davidson bike for myself.
I bought a school bag for my son who is yearning for that for weeks.  
My happiest moment on yesterday, My brother purchased my favorite item for me,. I saw that item,. I felt happy.. 
I received an email with a great discount offer on an item I was planning to buy soon and this promo code makes it a lot cheaper and includes free shipping.
My hubby bought my favorite dish specially for me after a  long gap. This made me so happy
What make me happy is when I find a good sales. I purchase two rugs each was at regular price $69.99 and they were on sale for $34.99. I payed 14.73 for each rug that was a saving of $112.00 dollars. That made me very happy, I felt like during a flip.
I was able to buy a really fun video game on sal at half price.
In order to be productive we need to be organized. So should be your desk, your files and of course your desktop. A clean work space gives you a great push when you want to start new things or tasks. And a happy wallpaper should bring the smile on your face.
I made our new house that we just bought look better by getting things put away.
An event that made me happy is my uncle bought a new iphone and Ray-Ban coolers for myself.
I found a new pair of glasses of I really like and that they are not very expensive. I am planning to purchase them and get an eye exm early next week.
I got the album I ordered in the mail. 
Last night I watched an episode of "The Prison Break" with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks! I was in cloud nine when i heard this news.
The pursuit of happiness is so crucial that we try a lot of motivational strategies to make our employees productive. Happy employees tend to work efficiently and effectively since they emit positive energy, it is for this reason why they have to have proper compensation in order for them to enjoy and love their respective job. If the employee is in the state of being happy, he/she is thrice innovative. These 25 little things can really make them feel important and they'll be dedicated to their respective work.
On Valentines Day, my fiance bought me a ton of gifts including a mom necklace from our son, balloons, a cake, and a surprise necklace from him which was an xo gold necklace. He then spent the day with my son and I at an indoor play ground.
We got a new mattress for my son. It's pretty awesome that I can buy a seriously nice memory foam mattress and have it shipped to my door for about $160. (Lightning sale on amazon.)
The mattress came in a box that I could lift. We opened it, unrolled everything, unsealed the mattress bag and POOF! there was a full twin size mattress. It was pretty amazing.
One afternoon I was at the store. I saw a lot of traffic and people. I could hear the people saying, "Hurry up!'' I could smell junk food. I was feeling so happy because it was Halloween.

I was passing by the street and I saw this old lady who needed help. She was 61-years-old, as tall as a tree, and her shape was skinny. Her hair color was white as snow. Her skin color was white as well. Her eyes were brown. She had pink clothes. Her eyes seemed to be saying to help her cross the street.

People were crowding like an angry mob. Another thing I could see was people wearing their Halloween costumes like they couldn't wait to get their own hands on the candy.

Finally, it was late and all of the people went trick or treating. Then I helped the lady cross the street, so she could go buy candies. She went home to give out candy to the kids. Afterwards, she was happy that I helped her.
It was when I taught my Grand Mother to use my brand new iPad Pro and Apple Pencil and she was delighted to use it.One weekend, when I went to my home with my brand new iPad Pro and iPencil, I was curious to let my Grandma use it.That day, she was on her way to temple when I made her sit with me and taught few basic things of the iPad.My Grandma is wonderful brave and 76 years old lady, who successfully completed her 8th grade of those days (A great matter of fact in those days who was brought up by a Step Mother). At first, it was all fantasy for her. She refused to touch the screen or pencil. But, after a small demo that I showed, she volunteered herself to try it out.Here are some beautiful picture of hers trying this era's gadget.The first thing she wrote in iPad is my Grandpa's name in Tamil .Then, she wrote all my family members name. I wonder she follows the order even in writing our names.
The surprise started with a card from the post office put through my letter box.  The card said that they had tried to deliver a parcel to me, but because I was out when they called they hadn't been able to leave it, so I'd have to go and pick it up from the parcel depot.  I was intrigued.  I hadn't ordered anything online, it wasn't my birthday, and I wasn't expecting anything exciting in the post at all.  I had no idea what it could possibly be.  The next morning I went to the post office with some ID to prove who I was, and collected the parcel.  It was a box, about the size of a shoe box, wrapped in a dark grey plastic packaging, with the name of the company 'blurt' on it.  I was none the wiser, I didn't recognise the company and couldn't tell who it was from by the wrapping. 

I waited until I got home, and then I opened it.  The parcel contained a brown cardboard box which said 'Buddy Box' on the outside.  Inside, was a collection of rather random, but very charming gift items.  They included a pair of socks made from bamboo; some rather strongly scented soap (I wasn't too sure about that!); a little blank pad of writing paper with a cover decorated with cactus plants, a 'sew your own' cactus kit (that was very bizarre) and an ultra-thin pen for sliding inside a diary or notebook!  There was still no card to say who it was from, but just an anonymous typed note saying 'I saw this and thought of you!'  It was a completely unexpected gift, sent by someone, somewhere to cheer me up.  I'd had a rather bad time recently following a bereavement and losing my job as well, so I'd been quite down, knowing that someone was thinking about me was really touching, and as well as being a surprise, made me very happy.  The parcel came just a month ago, so it is a very recent surprise, but a lovely one. 
A few weeks ago i was in town and I bumped into an old maths teacher of mine. For this Blog I will call her Mrs A. Mrs A is quite a pleasant lady who always had a big smile and hello for me, which is kind of surprising and makes me feel a bit guilty for some of my behaviours towards her when i was at school. Back then I hated all teachers, the authorities. For me they were the enemy and I'm sure they didn't think much of me either. I recognise that I didn't give teachers an easy time I lacked the empathy and understanding to recognise that many teachers were just trying to do their best to do their job.

That day in town Mrs A and I had an interesting conversation regarding ADHD. First of all we did the pleasantries, asking each other how we were, Mrs A explaining she had been retired for a number of years and then we briefly discussed how great it is to see the sun. In Co. Fermanagh it is always a topic of conversation if the sun comes out because it usually never stops raining.   Then Mrs A asked me what I was working at these days and I explained that I was a founding director of Adult ADHD NI an organisation set up to support Adults and families affected by ADHD etc. etc.. Mrs A said "well done Niall, that sounds like good work your doing". Then brightly laughing she said "isn't it funny in my day there was no ADHD we called them BOLD CHILDREN"

Well I was glad she said it because I went on to tell her the following story, perhaps not quite as detailed, but she got the idea. It was actually Mrs A's class that gave me a greatest understanding of how my school had failed me due to lack of knowledge or willingness to support students with various needs.   It was in year 4 that i ended up in Mrs As math class. Mrs As math class was what ye called top maths at my school. The maths class for the brainy students, the students that got everything really easy and the students that automatically understood how a2 + b2 = c2. So what the hell was I doing there? I was still trying to work out when they started adding the alphabet to sums, I must have missed that day. The reason I was there was due to the teacher I had from the year before. For this Blog ill call her Mrs B.

Mrs B was my ultimate nightmare. From the very first moment I met her at the door of her classroom Mrs B was screaming at me. At that particular moment she had no reason to scream at me but I can only assume that she had heard from other teachers that I had been a handful and she was not for taking any nonsense. Nonsense was my speciality, if I couldn't be nonsensical I had no idea what my role was. She ordered me to sit right in front of her at the top of the class and the second I opened my mouth she was down on me like a ton of bricks.
Happy is a 2006 Telugu romantic drama film directed by A. Karunakaran. The film stars Allu Arjun, Genelia D'Souza and Manoj Bajpayee in lead roles; music was scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja. The film was produced by Allu Aravind and released on 27 January 2006.

Upon release, the film was dubbed into Malayalam and released with the title Happy be Happy. The Telugu version was moderately successful at the box office whereas the Malayalam version was a smash hit collecting [?] 12.22 lakhs in its opening week at Ernakulam.The film ran a total of 170 days in kerala and bought a huge fans to allu arjun in kerala. The film was remade in Bengali under the title Bolo Na Tumi Aamar starring Dev and Koel Mallick and in Oriya under the title Loafer starring Babushaan and Archita Sahu. The movie was dubbed into Hindi as Dum.
Happy is a 2006 Telugu romantic drama film directed by A. Karunakaran. The film stars Allu Arjun, Genelia D'Souza and Manoj Bajpayee in lead roles; music was scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja. The film was produced by Allu Aravind and released on 27 January 2006.

Upon release, the film was dubbed into Malayalam and released with the title Happy be Happy. The Telugu version was moderately successful at the box office whereas the Malayalam version was a smash hit collecting [?] 12.22 lakhs in its opening week at Ernakulam.The film ran a total of 170 days in kerala and bought a huge fans to allu arjun in kerala. The film was remade in Bengali under the title Bolo Na Tumi Aamar starring Dev and Koel Mallick and in Oriya under the title Loafer starring Babushaan and Archita Sahu. The movie was dubbed into Hindi as Dum.
Last night I watched an episode of "The Waltons" with my Mom and Little sister Tessa after which I hit the hay and slept like a brick after which I woke up, went to work, got off work early, bought some good food to reset my microbiome then headed over to the orthodontists office only to be told my braces are coming off in two weeks
Happy is a 2006 Telugu romantic drama film directed by A. Karunakaran. The film stars Allu Arjun, Genelia D'Souza and Manoj Bajpayee in lead roles; music was scored by Yuvan Shankar Raja. The film was produced by Allu Aravind and released on 27 January 2006.

Upon release, the film was dubbed into Malayalam and released with the title Happy be Happy. The Telugu version was moderately successful at the box office whereas the Malayalam version was a smash hit collecting [?] 12.22 lakhs in its opening week at Ernakulam.The film ran a total of 170 days in kerala and bought a huge fans to allu arjun in kerala. The film was remade in Bengali under the title Bolo Na Tumi Aamar starring Dev and Koel Mallick and in Oriya under the title Loafer starring Babushaan and Archita Sahu. The movie was dubbed into Hindi as Dum.
